Kids in Elementary school hold a surprise party for their beloved school custodian

$C: I work in a school and the custodians seem happier to interact with the kids than anyone else. They really add to the school environment and it makes me really happy to see them joking with kids in the hall.
$C: They teach you in teacher school to always thank and support the custodians

Without them the schools dont run 
$C: I hope he didn’t have to clean up after the party.
$C: In my elementary school, the custodian was easily one of the most beloved figures. Hardworking and kind and never without a smile to share, he was a friend to everyone.

His name was Al, and in Grade 6 you could apply to be a part of what was affectionately dubbed "Al's Pals." We would help Al with bigger projects, like cleaning trash from the schoolyard or helping tear down the gymnasium after an assembly. I know it sounds like a ploy to get kids to work, but let me tell you, it was considered an HONOUR to be part of Al's team.

EDIT: Thanks to those of you who have shared similar stories about your school's custodians. I've spent a chunk of the evening reading these stories, and it's so heart warming to hear about the impact these cool humans had on your lives.
$C: I used to be a custodian. I was cleaning after school and one of the 8th grade math classes had a few kids staying after for extra tutoring. 
I quickly ran in to grab the garbage bin in order to empty it. While I was at my cart, just outside the door, the teacher decided to impart some wisdom on the class. 

"This is why you need to do your homework and study for your tests, otherwise you'll end up like that man." This was met with several snickers from the kids. 

I couldn't believe what the I just heard. I knew retaliation wouldn't show a good example to the kids. But damn did that hurt. I spent 8 years in the Marine Corps, have a bachelor's degree, and (at the time) working three jobs to support my sick mother and family. 

I walked my salty ass to my manager, told her what happened, thanked her for the opportunity, and put my two weeks in.

I still think about that teacher and the kind of example she sets for our youth. 

Edit: Thank you for the gold! Much appreciated.
$C: In middle school I particularly hated dressing down in P.E. because what middle schooler wants to dress down in front of their peers. So they would give me lunch detentions (like everyday) where we would have to help the one custodian clean up during and after lunch. Ironically it wasn't a punishment for me because the guy was so damn chill and showed me alot of work ethic, he loved his job and that made me love it. I still wish I could take out trash with that old bastard.
$C: I clean an office building. It's a pretty thankless job. This is awesome!
$C: Awe, poor guy looks like he needed that. Janitors in general should get a lot more praise for all the shit they put up with. Literally.
$C: Sometime, I stay late in the office to finish some work.  The cleaning lady always get embarrassed when seeing someone is still in the office when she's cleaning.  I try to leave the garbage/recycle bins outside my office door so she wouldn't have to come in and change the bags while I'm still sitting at the desk. 

There are times when I see her daughter come in to help with the cleaning. 

One time I saved a box of pizza left from the office party earlier for her.  She immediately cried and said 'thank you' for at least 20 times.  

These people are the real MVP. 

 
$C: It looks like that's exactly what he needed on that particular day. 
$C: They told him there was a really bad accident before he went in. [Here's a full video.](https://streamable.com/06hz0)
$C: I work at a school as a janitor and maintenance man. I'm 37, super nerdy, male, and have no kids of my own. I absolutely adore this video. It makes me cry in the most happy way. I am 100% certain that man loves those kids and this meant the world to him. It would mean the world to me. God bless the person that thought this up, organized it, and executed it. If he's anything like me, he will never forget what they did for him here.  


It's not often I connect to a video so completely. This is so relatable to me that I can nearly feel his emotions by proxy. This is a great video. Thanks for sharing it.
$C: I am in my mid 40s. My elementary school custodians name was Dino and he was amazing. I am still friends with several people from that time (Facebook has some redeeming qualities) and every single one of us have good memories of him. 

I remember seeing him on a crowded public transit bus one day in my 20s and saying hello. After telling him my name he asked about the other kids i used to run around with by name. 

He was amazing. 
$C: I thought they made the "custodian day" part up, but apparently [it's a real thing](https://www.daysoftheyear.com/days/custodial-worker-day/). I love it!
>Custodial Worker Day is an annual celebration where people get together to pay tribute to and give their thanks to those men and women who work tirelessly to clean and maintain the many buildings that are used for all kinds of reasons on a daily basis. The purpose is to show these maintenance workers that all they do is recognised and appreciated, and to prevent them from feeling like what they are doing is an otherwise thankless job.
$C: Aww, a little appreciation goes a long way.  Lot of companies should look at this and take some notes.  
$C: Elementary Custodians are always the chillest and cool people. I hope kids are still innocent enough to respect them.
$C: To get him into the gym: “hey, one of the toddlers smeared poop in an electrical outlet”.
$C: He's thinking, "Fuck, I just cleaned this room." 
$C: For some reason elementary school custodians seem to be beloved by all the kids. I remember our custodian was basically the school hero.

It's a bit unfortunate that goes away after elementary school.
$C: As a housekeeper, seeing this video brought me joy. I am glad the kids did this for him. What a great surprise!
$C: My 5th grade class decided throw our teacher a surprise baby shower for his first kid. I created a sheet and had people write their name down if they wanted to do it and we ended up organizing it ourselves. We spent a few weeks preparing in art class a bunch of decorations. Some parents gave us clothes to design with markers and many baked stuff. We set everything up during recess and yelled "Surprise!" as soon as he walked through the door. He jumped backwards through the door. He loved it and it was really fun and cool. 
$C: As someone that used to be a custodian I know just how much that is appreciated. the school I worked at made sure that all the kids was nice to me and for the most part they was with out being told it made that job just that much more bearable
$C: Different angle and on an nbc site, but at least its got sound: https://nbcpalmsprings.com/2018/10/11/i-totally-lost-it-surprise-assembly-to-honor-beloved-school-custodian-leaves-him-in-tears/
$C: You never have any idea how far these acts of kindreds go in a persons life. Sometimes just the recognition is enough to carry you through hard times.
$C: I'm a custodian! Last week was custodian day and i had no idea it existed. My school gave me gifts and all of the kids made cards for me. I felt like a king. I don't mind it being a thankless job. It's good pay and i don't have to do half the work the teachers and principal do. Albeit not physically taxing. This is amazing and everyone should treat their custodians with respect.
$C: I don't have a permission slip for this feels trip
$C: I cried immediately.  I'm so soft
$C: I'm a custodian at a combined elementary and JH school. Honestly my first reaction (fueled mostly by lack of self esteem) to this post was to think of it as a "feel sorry" post. Sometimes I feel like a bit of a loser for being a janitor.  But in the last couple years I've become more confident in my position in life. This post for me reflects how kind student and staff are to me and each other in the district I work. I turn 27 today and I've found being part of a community where I know I'm making a difference, however big or small, means something. 
$C: I thought it was just my janitor from elementary school that everybody loved but apparently it’s a common thing. Which is good because they’re cool ass dudes most of the time. I remember the janitors nickname was Superman and I had no idea why until one day he ran out into the cafeteria in a Superman suit causing 100 kids to simultaneously squeal at the top of their lungs. Dude deserved six figures. 
$C: Damn, MC Ride has a really fulfilling part time job
$C: Back in elementary our custodian was nicer than most teachers and always performed magic tricks for us during lunchtime. He was the highlight of lunch, but everyone was devastated when he passed away of cancer and we didn't even know he had it.

RIP Bob the Custodian
$C: You got me. I didn't even know there was a custodians day. Now I want to do something for all the custodians. 
$C: Every.  Fucking.  Day Reddit.  I just want one day. No feels. Seriously. This made my month.  Really hopin the kids planned it for him. 
$C: Is it just me, or is every elementary school janitor a super chill dude who’s popular with the kids? Like it’s a job requirement or something
$C: I'm 13 years in as a custodian at a county government building, I'm only 32 years old, I like the job because it's mostly me being left alone and I can work at my own pace. The absolute hardest part of the job is the feelings that come along with it, people can be crazy disgusting (if anyone wants to know, women are 1000x messier than men fyi) and the lack of appreciation is the worst. Feeling as though you're the bottom of the barrel on the food chain of people is tough. Most of the time it's fairly normal but being looked past, avoiding eye contact, and not acknowledging we're humans. Its hard to not get discouraged with my position in life. That being said I love computers and if there's anyone who can pay me to build pcs please get me out of here! 
$C: This is so wholesome, those kids are being taught to appreciate those who work in the background to help you do what you do, awesome :)
$C: This man is a saint to those kids just like Reggie (my high school custodian) was a saint to us. I remember having so much respect for this man that my crew and I would pick up peoples trash who would legit just leave it in the hallways after they were done eating. I can recall my homie asking me why I’m picking up another persons mess? And when I told them that Reggie breaks his back to pick these messes up, they started doing the same. Mad respect to the elders who TRULY show love to the kids. Legit Superheroes 
$C: This is Mr Eugene at Moody Elementary School in Moody, Alabama.  Third grade students at the school decided to have an assembly in his honor on National Custodial Workers Recognition Day.  The teachers told him that there had been a "huge accident" during a student assembly in the gym.  


A different perspective and the original video from one of the teachers can be found here:  
[Video with extended reaction...](http://www.facebook.com/100008795740514/videos/1930567987246374)  


You can see how much these kids genuinely love him and how much he connects with them. Great stuff.   


Thanks for sharing OP & all of the other posters in here that shared their own stories.

&#x200B;
$C: This absolutely made our day!!! 
$C: I wish a room full of people would be that happy to see me :(
$C: Jesus that’s the fastest I’ve ever gone from shoveling noodles into my face straight to ugly crying, definitely 
$C: I know this is a small thing, but call people "custodians" not "janitors." As a kid who grew up with everyone in my family (parents, grandparents, aunts and uncles) all working in schools I can't stress this enough. I know it seems insignificant but it makes the job title seem less demeaning and not that the job is demeaning at all. Reading these comments just solidifies that for me. I know most people won't see this post but for the few that do I hope that sticks with you. It might seem like gatekeeping but I'm telling you it makes a difference 
$C: Death Grips shows are getting really weird
$C: For those who din't goto school in US, what's a custodian? Fancy word for janitor?
$C: i used to have a custodian who called all the boys dave and all the girls julie (he knew almost everyone’s name). on the last day of school he walked into the auditorium and all of the kids screamed “BYE DAVE” and he started dying of laughter. 
$C: When I was in elementary school, around 13 years ago, one of my best friends was a custodian. And I mean that in that kid way where everyone is your best friend. I don’t remember her name, I don’t remember a lot of names, but I do remember how we always made each other smile.

I first met her when I approached her one day and told her about a spill in the bathroom. I was very polite and I was just trying to help her do her job because it had been there all day and no one said anything. She thanked me, and then commented on my politeness (like most adults did my entire childhood. My mother drilled manners in me and I still drop mad please’s and thank you’s).

For the rest of the school year, I stopped by the custodial closet everyday and had a pleasant conversation with her about our days and whatever kid shit I was excited about at that moment.

On the last day of school, after our conversation, she thanked me for being such a good friend and told me she had gotten me a thank you gift. She went in the closet and came out with cotton candy and one of those jewelry kits where you bake the shit and make knock off stained glass. It was sick! I was hype! But I never saw her again...
$C: And, for a moment, every bad thing that ever happened to this man left his mind. 

His reaction is so pure. 


I’m emotional. 
$C: Ain’t no party like a puke mop party. 
$C: I love how much the kids were into this. Show kids the way to love and help and they'll keep going. My mom was a first grade teacher. She's also paralyzed. They used to argue over who would have the privilege of pushing my mom up the stairs. They learned how to treat and help someone disabled and it became an honor for them to be picked to help push. Kids are the best. This custodian deserves the love he got and the kids are lucky to have such a cool guy around. 
$C: 😭 Mr. Eugene must be a truly amazing person to make a bunch of kids want to throw him a surprise party on Custodians’ Day. I feel like he probably knows every kid’s name and has separate secret handshakes with each of them. 
$C: I bet he imparts all kind of little nuggets of wisdom to those kids

*Little man...little man.  Let me holla at you*
$C: This is going to get buried.. but in all the years I've worked at my job, our custodians are the only people who have truly made me feel cared about at my work.

I dont know if this matters but we outsource to a wonderful program that gives autistic men and woman jobs. It's a program we use that I love 

I came in one day extra depressed, down, you name it..No one noticed (or cared) because I had my normal peppy demeanor..I still gave my favorite custodian my smile and said "Good morning, ------!" And he replied with his normal good morning but afterwards he asked me if I was ok. "You seem sad today" 

I about burst into tears right there... he also has been the only person who has genuinely complimented me..

Instead of " you should wear your hair down more itd be prettier" he said " I love the way you do your hair up on your head" 

I've had similar amazing interactions with the rest of the staff. 
$C: My dad usually got assigned to pick me up some evenings from school. And he'd forget me a lot sometimes.

The janitor-custodian was the only guy there after hours when I was waiting and I'd gladly help him clean up whilst we talked and moved about. 

That man gave me a pride in ensuring a clean work area and the satisfaction of seeing a freshly mopped classroom and hall. To this day, I credit him partially for how much effort I put into my cleaning routine.

Thanks for being there Jan. You were a great friend to a kid with a slightly whack father figure.
$C: The custodian at my elementary school became a citizen when i was in 4th grade. We threw a party for him. I remember his tears of joy. After the party about 20 of us, teacher and students, stayed behind and cleaned up. While we were cleaning, he walked in with his pushbroom and started to work. My music teacher stopped him and told him " Your party means you dont have to work. We Americans look out for each other. Go home, brother." He cried on his way to the car. 

This mans reaction brings tears to my eyes as I remember a man haven't thought of in 26 years. 
$C: Awesome. Some of the best people I've met in my life have been custodians. It takes a special type of person to be a great and content custodian. You have to be patient, humble, hard working and diligent.
$C: Elementary school custodians are always so well liked. Our custodians name was Ruben. At the end of every year the 6th graders would play the teachers in a softball game. Ruben would hit Bombs on top of the school from the grass field. Students were always rooting for the 6th graders to win, until Ruben came up. Then the chants would start RUBEN RUBEN RUBEN! 

The custodian at my sons school is always lining up giving the kids high fives. His son was in my sons class. He eats lunch with them everyday. My son said everyone wants to eat lunch at that table because of the custodian. 
$C: My first year of teaching, the first bit of advice I was given was “be nice to the cooks, the secretaries, and the custodians.”  This advice was so important. I have had custodians who have gone out of their way to help my students. When I was teaching in a self-contained classroom, I was chatting with a custodian after school and I mentioned that I appreciated that he made sure our trashcans were emptied every night because we gave some of the students extra milk in the afternoon and the milk never spoiled or stunk overnight. Without being asked, he began stalking kids lunch trays before they dumped them in the trash and would take any unopened milks and put them in my classroom fridge. He started doing that with juice, too. Another custodian was amazing with students. Working with him for 20 minutes was a reward for one young boy. He was building a positive relationship with a father-like figure that he was lacking AND he learned great life skills and work ethic along the way. It was such a big help to myself and my students. I couldn’t thank any of them enough. 
$C: Here's a great [video](https://streamable.com/06hz0) of this from a different perspective with sound. It's impossible not to get choked up over this.
$C: Did not expect to tear up. So wholesome - the janitor’s reaction is the greatest thing ever! I work at a school and all the kids love the janitor. I don’t know how, but all the janitors I’ve ever met are the best kinds of people. I still remember the guy who used to clean my elementary school... I miss him. 😌
$C: Link to the news story and video with sound for anyone interested :

[https://www.fox23.com/news/trending-now/janitor-surprised-by-students-on-custodial-workers-recognition-day/851213529?utm\_source=homestream&utm\_medium=site\_navigation&utm\_campaign=homestream\_click](https://www.fox23.com/news/trending-now/janitor-surprised-by-students-on-custodial-workers-recognition-day/851213529?utm_source=homestream&utm_medium=site_navigation&utm_campaign=homestream_click)
$C: 2 rules of working in the office:

(1) Always support the support people, whether by bringing them treats or sending a message to their bosses telling said bosses what a great help and asset they are.

(2) Never piss off Payroll or HR.
$C: Wait, where are his legs? 
$C: Custodian here currently at work.

I'm not crying, its raining..
$C: This is great, reminds me of my elementary school, everyone loved the custodian more than the teachers.  Most kids after lunch would help clean up the lunch area, even sweeping the floors.
$C: We never did this but everyone loved and said hi to our custodian in elementary school
$C: This is awesome. I remember always having great janitors throughout my whole school experience. The majority of them seemed to have a lot of patience.
$C: As a custodian and as a hospital housekeeper. I feel this. So many feels.  My heart smiles so hard for this. Thank you 🙏🏾 <3
$C: [deleted]
$C: Best time of my grade school career was when i got suspended and my "punishment" was working with the janitor after school for two weeks. Loved every second of it and it motivated me to work in construction. 
$C: In England they’re called caretakers and the kids all love them too :)
$C: I didn't know MC Ride worked part time as a custodian.
$C: Fellow elementary school custodian reporting. Funny, weather didn’t call for rain today. 
$C: I really think that all jobs should at least be able to support a lifestyle. I'm upset by the fact that manual labor is treated as a lower form of work, and that it is paid as such. Many who have these jobs can't pay the bills they're given, and they have to work 2 or 3 jobs just to live in general. One job should be enough, and custodians like this deserve to live comfortably.
Respect to everyone that works any job like this. You serve the country just as well as anyone else, if not, better.
$C: I had a custodian in elementary school who would work day and night shifts because his daughter had cancer and needed some money for her chemo and I remember he would always be super happy and always make my day and others even though he was in a super shitty situation. My school had a fundraiser for his daughter which allowed him to spend more time with her. I just remember sitting at breakfast in the morning and he would come sit with me and would ask me about my day and what not. Really great guy and always made the best of things.
$C: I'll never forget one day having gone with my mom to pick up my younger sister from grade school at least 5 years after having moved on from that school myself and the custodian, I never remembered his name but I'd know his face anywhere, recognized me still and it was so heartwarming
$C: The custodian army our school is a REALLY tall guy, and everyone likes him.
$C: That dude *really* just needed a Lil love. This surprise party must've done him in good...
$C: Poor guy, he's gonna have to clean that whole gym since they weren't wearing their gym clothes.
$C: he so upset he didnt get to clean¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
$C: Man, sometimes kids are the best
$C: Our custodian in elementary school was well-loved by all the students also. Unfortunately, we later found out that he had been sexually abusing mentally challenged students.
$C: I, uh, got something in my eye.  hold on a sec.
$C: "Aw, THAT'S why Devin wanted to know my favorite ice cream flavor last week."
$C: No one pays attention to the people cleaning up after people. From my experience that’s the best kind of person usually. 
$C: Cooks and janitors deserve all the thanks!!! Especially the ones serving our kids. 
$C: These guys and gals are some of the best people in the world. I'm just glad these kids and teachers know that.
$C: Man.. this guy will remember this for the rest of his life
$C: I really want sound for this gif...
$C: Wonderful! ❤️
$C: Omg how sweet!! 

Aww he started crying!!

Then I started crying..

That was beautiful.

❤❤❤
$C: I am trying to give up on humanity! Please stop it!!
$C: This is so heartwarming! Funny because I doubt any of the kids felt like they were doing something huge for the custodian but in reality it was.
$C: This reminds me of our sweet custodian in elementary school, Mr. Calvin. He was a celebrity to all of us kids and he truly was the kindest, friendliest man. Always giving high fives, humming and singing, interacting with everyone. Our teachers and PTA always were showering love on him throughout the year and our school was such a happy place because of him. When he passed suddenly of a heart attack, our school named the carpool line “street” after him. 20 years later, its still named after Mr. Calvin. I still remember you, Mr. C.
$C: This melts my heart. You can tell how much it meant to him. Thank you for remembering and thanking him.
$C: I still remember our grade school janitor, Mr. Marks. He was a super grumpy old man to most people, but a true sweetheart when you got to know him. I signed up to help after school cleaning for like 5 bucks a day and learned he was one of the nicest guys. Still have his veteran coin that he gave me when I graduated. Hope he is doing well.
$C: Former teacher here. School Custodians are saints and in my experience some of the hardest working, and kindest folks you will ever meet. 
$C: That’s awesome.   The unsung heroes of the buildings.   Ours is a super kind grandpa who not even the most calloused and hormonal 8th grader could dislike 
$C: He’s crying tears of joy because he realizes he doesn’t have to clean up the shit ton of vomit they told him was in the gym to trick him.
$C: This is lovely. It was even more lovely reading all these stories have about their own memories. Today, Starbucks shared a message from a woman who remarked that the baristas take such care to prepare hundreds of different drinks and what a HIGE part of people’s lives they play. It was something along the lines that the lady asked the barista after she prepared 4 drinks for a man as he picked them up, Do you know you helped that guy ROCK his meeting?! Like these seemingly small jobs we don’t think too much on actually have a HUGE impact on thousands and thousands everyday. These things are beautiful.  
$C: Aww I just cleaned in here.
$C: This is so pure.
$C: And people make fun of all the appreciation weeks we have in schools. These employees need to be appreciated and giving them a week to look forward to is such a simple way to do it.
$C: "How tf am I supposed to quit next week now?"
$C: This is awesome!  He should be proud of those tears of joy.  My son's elementary school had an older custodian who had lost an arm in the army.  When he retired they clapped him out, lining the halls and clapping/cheering for him as he left his last day at work.

These custodians work hard with usually low pay.  True heroes in our communities.
$C: Custodian here.  The teachers and kids at my building made us a banner and signed it thanking us for cleaning the building.  It was national custodian day :0)
$C: When I was in grades 6-8, my mothers boyfriend was the schools custodian. I really liked the guy and he was always really cool to us kids. Well after school I would stay and help him clean classrooms since my mom worked late anyway and I didn’t like riding the bus. Plus once the teachers all left we would go to the gym, crank up the speakers, and play some basketball. I did this all the way to the end of my eighth grade year. Since my family wasn’t too well off, I didn’t expect to go on the Washington D.C. trip. Turns out he had been tracking my hours helping him and put it all into my trip fund. 
Even though him and my mom didn’t work out I still talk to him frequently! Sometimes it’s the janitor who is the best role model. I hope this guy realizes what he means to each of those kids!
$C: I used to clean for a building and I figured I was just an invisible part of things. They left me snacks on housekeepers day. Snacks I actually liked! They left me a note saying thanks and specifically listed things they were glad I did. Everyone signed it. They did a collection and got me a gift card with a ridiculous amount of money on it to a store I actually like. 

People do pay attention. 
$C: I love this. Humanity at its core. THIS is what we need most in the world.m
$C: We loved our custodians and everyone would say hi to them in the halls and hug them.  The lady that cleaned up the lunchroom when I was in elementary would pick two lucky kids to skip noon recess for a week, to spend time with her, and help with picking up the tables and taking in the dirty dishes. Being picked was a privilege! She would pay each of us 25 cents a day for a half hour of work. This was in the mid 80s.  Getting that $1.25 at the end of the week was so rewarding and was enough to buy a small bag of chips and a soda with the pride of our own money.  I learned at least as much from her as I did any teacher.  Sacrificing play for work, working hard, getting that encouragement and truly earning some pay. They deserve respect and admiration.
$C: My son is 6 and hates school. The only adult he likes at school is Mr Jones, the custodian. Love seeing them  say their hellos on the mornings i drop him off.  Mr Jones has tools and buckets and stuff my son thinks is super cool .
$C: When I was in elementary school my custodian raised money to build a school in his home country, Cambodia. We had an assembly to celebrate him, and I believe some of the teachers organized some additional donations for his school. One of my core memories from school, and I always think about him when I see custodians at school/work now.
$C: That dude gets it ....live in the moment my man

Either that or he just mopped that floor
$C: Today was my last day as a custodian at my school, I really didn’t think the kids would notice but they got the news at every lunch period. It was surprising how many of them were distraught with my leaving and I was met with nothing but love from all of them. Needless to say I spent today fighting back tears and coming home to see this broke the levy. Thank you
$C: Haven’t been able to sleep in 4 days. And now I’m crying.
$C: One of my best memories (and one that I can actually remember) from elementary school is helping our custodian with laying mulch and helping plant a tree.
$C: I have two sons in primary school. The entire teaching staff, office staff and all the staff in between are women. The only Male is the custodian. He is so awesome! Every morning and afternoon he is out infront of the school keeping watch over all the kids. I am so glad to have him there. He is a massive man, and I feel safer dropping my kids off that he is there.  Hes kinda the school "Dad" all the kids love him. 
$C: I remember my custodian from elementary, Mr.Schmidt. He was the best. He taught me how to get the nectar out of honeysuckles. 

He retired when I was in 5th grade. But everytime we would go out to the playground for gym, our gym teacher would always take us to the fence and yell as loud as we can, "Hi Mr. Schmidt" as he lived right next to the school. 

And on Halloween if you went to his house, he'd give you full size candy bars.

He was the sweetest grumpy old man. 
$C: Here's the [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C_jbFvBCGd4) from the other side
$C: Totally a good thing to do for these guys. Good on these kids. When I was in high school I remember helping our custodial staff with setting up our gym with an assload of desks early in the morning for the school wide SAT (or maybe it was AP?) Tests. Dude was stoked because I kept bringing in person after person to help along the way. Later when my friend went to go buy a snowcone from him he hooked me up with a freebie. Thank you custodian. I never asked for anything in return but the snowcone was worth it.
$C: I remember in primary school when the headmistress somehow found out that our school caretaker could play the "electric guitar" and invited him to perform during assembly one day. She introduced him and he emerged from his broom cupboard wearing a red jacket and sunglasses. Went up on the stage in front of all us kids and rocked out for 15 minutes. We loved it.
$C: Sweet man. Dude really feeling it. 
$C: Why is this behavious rewarded? What kind of monster posts this as a gif? This categorically deserves sound!
$C: This is awesome!  He should be proud of those tears of joy.  My son's elementary school had an older custodian who had lost an arm in the army.  When he retired they clapped him out, lining the halls and clapping/cheering for him as he left his last day at work.

These custodians work hard with usually low pay.  True heroes in our communities.
$C: I'm not crying. 
$C: This gives me hope in humanity
$C: Janitors and PE teachers are some of the best adults in a school kids life. They give you better advice than teachers are allowed to.
$C: I feel weird for sitting here weeping while watching this.
$C: Why would upload this without sound???? You evil rat

Try that again but with less suck
$C: Damn, I don't think a fifteen second gif has ever made me cry before.

(edit) Just watched the video.  Fuck you.
$C: "Thanks for the party, now how about you pay me more than $9/hour."
$C: I wonder if he is pissed because he JUST cleaned that room... 
$C: Hey he's a master of the custodial arts. Respect.
$C: This is so fuckin cool... Eugene's got me in tears as well.
$C: Ugh my heart
$C: Damn. Our janitors just got accused of stealing things and doing drugstore on campus 
$C: Unfortunately, he was there through a witness protection placement program. He testified against the mob. After seeing this, the mob went after him. Don’t worry he got them first. 
$C: You should always be nice to the custodians no matter what! If you see someone taking out the garbage at a conference, thank them. If someone is cleaning the bathroom you’re using, thank them. It’s possibly the most under appreciated job out there, but boy do we notice it when they’re not there.
$C: We will see this guy at Ellen soon. 
$C: Get this man an ABBA Zabba
$C: I loved the custodians at my elementary school. I usually had to wait a little while for my mom to come pick me up, so they showed me how to het the black scuff marks from shoes off the floor. I would walk around and get rid of the marks while waiting because I wanted to help them.

Strange how different middle and high school custodians are.
$C: We had a custodian in my high school that was mentally challenged, shy but a kind Man. Always lend me a dollar if I was short during lunch. A year or two after I left High School I went with family to eat at a restaurant a couple of blocks the school and on their front window was a flyer with his picture. He was murdered at his apartment near the school while he was taking out his trash. My family didn't know him or Know why I suddenly didn't have an appetite but it made me sick to know a good man was murdered for no reason.
$C: As a custodian, that's such an awesome thing to see. When I first started this job I thought "Oh I'm going be shit on by everyone. The teachers, the admin, the kids." But is been almost the complete opposite. The staff and admin at the school include us in everything. They save food from events for us. They never demand, they always ask politely. It's been a real eye opener. The kids don't always appreciate us, and there's at least one teacher who doesnt like us, but for the most part it hasn't been like I thought it would. I wouldn't say nice, but it wasnt the rough experience I thought it would be. 
$C: We had one custodian who’s jump shot was wack af
$C: Shout out to all the custodians growing up. They were always the coolest in the school.
$C: so, is a custodian just the janitor?
$C: My middle school custodian, Kevin, stood at 7 feet tall and is cousins with Shaquille O’Neil (no joke). He found my retainer I threw away on a lunch tray in the dumpster. He delivered it to me in 7th period history class wrapped in toilet paper, smelling of bleach. My mvp custodian :)
$C: Respectable job, takes a lot of hard work and patience working in schools as a custodian. 
$C: I had a janitor like that. Jerome was super cool, and sometimes he would come outside with us at recess and play basketball or football with us. Then he switched to night shift for better pay. 

I hope he's doing alright now
$C: I love this! Especially the part where he looks shocked then stars to tear up you can tell he is truly touched! 
$C: Meanwhile, I'm a school IT guy and everyone is mad at me.
$C: TIL everyone remembers their elementary school janitor and the kids treat them like rockstars
$C: Two people to always be nice to, people who clean up after you and people who handle your food. Last year I was more upset over one of our custodians leaving than some teachers.

Also, idk why this always resonated with me, but in Max Keeble’s Big Move the custodian tells Max, “It takes a boy to make a mess, but it takes a man to clean it up.” I remind my students of this often. 
$C: I’m in law school right.  It’s harder than anything I’ve ever done.  The one person that makes it better is our custodian.  He gives me a motivational speech every morning. 
$C: I work in the hospital as a cleaner. Most people, especially doctors dont look at us as people. So seeing this makes my heart swell with joy. Good on them kids 
$C: I was expecting some old timer who's close to retirement. Instead got a young dude. My ex wife is a school teacher and when I was switching careers she suggested being a custodian. It's a pretty decent gig. They are the bloodline of the school system. Grade school would prob be a fun job getting to fuck with the kids. 

With the kids Reddit, with.
$C: Wish this was a full video!  So wholesome 😊
$C: I love this.
$C: no man is a failure who has friends
$C: I don’t even like kids, but damn this was sweet
$C: I was *sure* they were cheering for James Harden before I read the title.
$C: I wish all schools did that
$C: Respect the service workers 

$C: I remember one time  the custodian was on a ladder changing a bulb. Someone tossed a raw egg at the back of his head. He didnt react. Just finished his work, came down the ladder, and walked away. He did have a deflated look but never said a word. I felt so bad for him and should have done something about it but I didnt. Still feel bad for the guy just trying to do his job around a bunch of asshole kids. It's a thankless job. This makes me happy. 
$C: first time ive seen something on facebook first before reddit
$C: r/mademesmile
$C: Something similar happened when I was in 5th grade. We had a janitor that was the nicest, most friendly guy I’ve ever met. My school nominated him for an award from one of the local news stations in Houston for outstanding service that they used to give out about once a month, and he won! I remember the morning he got the award, as many kids whose parents let them arrived at the school around 5 am to surprise him when the news station presented the award. He made sure to come around and thank/shake hands with every kid there.
Wherever you are now Mr. Anthony, keep being awesome
$C: Custodians are like the uncles/aunts of the school family.    

Not directly in charge or responsible for child’s development or discipline.  
Can either be beloved by the children or not thought of much based off the input by the adult.  
Most would do anything to help the kids if something was really needed.  




$C: https://youtu.be/C_jbFvBCGd4 here’s the video 
$C: I had to look this video up. I was a custodian at a large factory for 3 years and I will tell you I never felt so invisible in my life. Except when I was being relentlessly cornered and sexually harassed. Hardest job I’ve ever done. This video made me tear up to see people appreciate this man. 

[video with sound](https://www.msn.com/en-gb/news/royalwedding2018/surprise-assembly-to-honor-beloved-school-custodian-leaves-him-in-tears/vi-BBOfBtC) 
$C: Don’t let the news fool you, the world can be a beautiful place!
$C: My schools janitor was a man named Mike (I don't believe he works there anymore because I saw him working the counter at a local gas station.) Mike used to be your average party kid, his senior year at a party he slipped into the nearby creek and drowned. He was legally dead for over a minute. The lack of oxygen did enough damage to his brain to make it so he couldn't really do anything about basic labor. He was always a nice guy, but never talked much.
$C: In my elementary school the custodian played football with us. I always played center and he was QB so whenever he wanted me to snap the ball, he’d slap me on my dick. Hahaha, what a funny guy.
$C: Why is this stuff always in gif. WHY? And the video is always one of the top comments. 
$C: Not enough gold on this one, you shekel pinching fucks. These young people are our future, recognizing such a thankless job. 
$C: When I was little, my big tough mom always tightened my thermos to the point I couldn't open it. Mr. Ollie was always patient and kindly opened it for me.  

I met him years later, and he remembered me!
$C: I’m laughing thinking there is some 1st grader going home to tell his parents that his school “made the janitor cry today”
$C: In first grade in elementary school I used to help the janitor empty out the garbage can in the classroom every day. At the end of the year he gave me a big box of tennis and bouncy balls he had collected from the roof of the school as a thank you. I'll never forget him
$C: When I was in high school, our custodian was the dad of one of my classmates. Small school with only about 120 kids in our graduating class. He always was smiling and joking around with us. As a cheerleader, we had a tradition of toilet papering the seniors' front yard before senior night. Being broke high school kids, we went to him and he gave us more than a handful.of the industrial rolls of TP and wished us luck. He was one of the most genuine men I've ever met, and I had some amazing men in my life growing up. 
$C: This guy just had his cover blown for the third time under witness protection. Look at the disbelief and how he tried to hide his face. 
$C: Later that day, white neighbor thinks he looks suspicious, calls police, he gets shot in the back. 

Probably. 
$C: I like the thought of how they got him there.
Someone took a big shit in the gym you need to clean it up. Grabs mop and spray bottle
$C: When you're good, you'll know.

But when you're great, others will let you know.
$C: That’s a beautiful thing! 
$C: One of the most influential people I ever knew was a custodian at our middle school, he taught me that if you can work hard enough to feel like you've accomplished each day, you'll feel important to everyone else and most importantly yourself.
$C: Plot twist, the custodian worked there for years, told the school he can't live on their wages and now needs a raise or he's leaving, staff organizes the kids in a surprise party to convince him to work 
$C: Our guy was Dan, and he was super popular and handsome af- looked like young Travolta. One time at some event he picked up the mic and sang some Sinatra or Elvis song and everybody went nuts. Some kid was like, "I thought he was only a janitor!" Miss Stamos said, "Nobody is only one thing."
$C: I work in education and this is just really nice to see.  
$C: Hey serious question, what’s the 7 silver things next to the reddit gold on this post?
$C: We had a custodian in elementary school who would do a kermit the frog voice. Of course EVERYONE loved him for that. He was a good dude too.
$C: During elementary our custodian would run to the Dairy Queen across the street and give 3-4 kids ice cream during lunch everyday. He would also run to the pop machine, in the teacher’s-lounge, for kids because it was only 5¢, instead of the $2 for the public machines. 
$C: Video for maximum feels:

&#x200B;

[https://www.msn.com/en-gb/sport/football/surprise-assembly-to-honor-beloved-school-custodian-leaves-him-in-tears/vp-BBOfBtC](https://www.msn.com/en-gb/sport/football/surprise-assembly-to-honor-beloved-school-custodian-leaves-him-in-tears/vp-BBOfBtC)
$C: These guys don’t get enough recognition. It’s a hard job. 
$C: Man this is awesome
$C: What's the story behind this?
$C: Full video?
$C: My elementary school custodian, Spencer, would sing "I Feel Pretty" to make everyone laugh. He also would give kids lunch money (against the rules) if they didn't have any. He had to take time off to get a pacemaker and everyone lost their minds when he came back. Thank you Spencer for always putting a smile on our faces!
$C: To be fair that looks like a pretty awesome custodian. Could be in an 80's movie once he gets some grey in his beard. 
$C: I remember our janitor Mr Kenny would always have a bag of cracklin oat bran and would tell us it was dog food and pass it around to try. 
$C: Everyone can play an important role in our communities.
$C: I hope he wasn't in witness protection...
$C: Always be nice to people. Always. No matter what. If I ever see people who mistreat other they percieve as lesser or beneath them, like when someone is really rude to a waiter, I'm reminded. The smallest kindness lights the darkness more than the largest flame sometimes. You never know when you'll be that flame for someone, so always take the opportunity to be nice because to them, it might matter more than you'll know. This man's reaction is exactly what I mean. 


Be kind. Because when the tables turn, you'll wish for the same.
$C: "Awww, you guys are wonderful.  Do I have to clean up this mess?"
$C: The custodian in my  high school was one of the kindest people I've ever met. I went to a small private school that did not have a lot of money to spare and this man could not have been making anything besides minimum wage. He always had a smile on his face and kept up with the lives of damn near every student in that school. He was never afraid to ask for a helping hand and  I don't think I ever witnessed a student turn him down, or jump to help him before he asked. He would always let students know how smart he though they were and come to every sporting event to support us. 

A few years into my college career I received news that this man had passed away at the school shortly after classes had been dismissed, from prior health issues. A friend sent me an obituary about a week later asking if I had known of what had been printed. If my memory serves me correctly the man had received both a bachelor's and Masters in Biology, served and was shot in Vietnam, and was the last living member of his family while working at our school. He was quoted as being "so proud of his students" at our high school, and had only taken the job to have some extra company in his later years. 

This man taught a lot of preppy high schoolers to be kind and not pass judgement on someone without knowing the full story! Don't forget to thank the people that are quietly taking care of you! 
$C: Do you think they are paying him enough?
$C: When my sister was about six, she puked in her brand new Little Mermaid backpack in the bus on the way to school. Just car sick. She was devastated because we were poor and she figured she'd not only not get to use the brand new bag she was so excited about, but that she'd have to go the year without one. The janitor gave it to her at the end of the day, spotlessly clean. It was a very profound moment in a little girl's tough life. 
$C: When I was in school a custodian told someone he wanted to shoot me in the parking lot. That was fun.
$C: I would love to be shown this kind of appreciation for my work.  This made me so happy for him it brought tears to my eyes because I’m sure he does his job every day without much thanks or even acknowledgement.  This obviously meant a lot to him! So awesome!
$C: This hits hard as an adult who's birthday is always forgotten. Damn that looks like an awesome feeling.
$C: My dad was one of those janitors until he retired. K-12 school, the little kids loved him and the older kids respected him. He read at story time in the elementary end, worked the school carnival and sports events, could fix anything, built anything the teachers wanted and even brought home a very sick class guinea pig to take care of it (saving it's life). It was pretty cool to see him be the guy that taught me so much to a whole school of kids. We heard all the stories. He still goes back to fill in when they need the help.
$C: Some videos just make you wanna cry.. very touching
$C: This is the type of story that news should have.

It's beautiful.
$C: it is so cool they teach kids to appreciate this people's work 
$C: This is what I needed today, thanks for posting!
$C: My heart just exploded 😭😭😭
$C: Damn I'd be pretty happy if MC ride was my custodian too
$C: I got my first job when I was 14. I worked as a janitor in an elementary school over the summer and made $4.25/hour. I loved my job. I was the wealthiest of all my friends, the job was a blast and i felt pretty good about myself for earning my own money. One day a kid came up and threw her arms around me and said thank-you for cleaning our school. I pretty much felt like I was the most important person on earth.
$C: My dad was a teacher for 40 years. When I first started I asked him for advice. “Be nice to the custodian. Get to know them. Be kind to them and help them whenever you can”. Best advice I got. 
$C: My husband had a custodian when he was little he absolutely adored. they had a school project like do a project on someone you look up to who isn’t family or something like that. Anyway he decided to do his on the custodian. For the project they got to dress up & present. So my husband(White) comes to school in black face dressed up as the custodian (black obviously). Oh my The reactions were those you’d expect. they washed his face off immediately and explained why he couldn’t do that. The custodian despite the black face was flattered and my husband still has the paper he wrote about him to this day. But moral of the story even if don’t they custodians aren’t loved you’re wrong. 
$C: Pretty shitty party
$C: But what about poor Groundskeeper Willie?
$C: I am a custodian at a middle school, and the job doesn’t come with too many “thank you’s.” Often times it feels as if I am being looked at as a subordinate. This thread really lifted my spirits today.
$C: my dawg jus want some weed
$C: Everyone is important.
$C: Damn, I love this shit!
$C: We had this one custodian in my high school. He was this really small Cambodian man who ALWAYS had a smile. He loved the students and would stop and laugh with us whenever possible. One of the students developed a friendship with him and discovered that this man had escaped the Khmer Rouge Killing Fields! Eventually the school found out and invited him to speak about his experiences. He saw the worst of humanity, and while his speech touched on his time in Cambodia, he mainly focused on all the joys and wonders of the world; what makes him happy and why life is worth living. Beautiful man - I hope he is doing well.
$C: ChILdrEN SHoCK ScHOoL jaNItoR aND LaUGh at hIS TeARs!!!!one!!1
$C: I remember my elementary custodian. The sweetest Latino lady ever. I even remember in sixth grade she got her u.s citizenship and dressed entirely in American flag clothes and everyone in the school just congratulated and celebrated her and her giant heart. I only wish that I hugged her that day, that would’ve been great.
$C: Custodians are heroes. When our Mr. Kojima got on that roof every spring and started throwing down all the tennis balls, it was like Christmas. 
$C: I hope he knows how to fix plumbing, because it seems like he has a few leaks. 

Dude instantly bust out the water works, thats how you know shit hit him right at home.
$C: r/mademesmile
$C: Never underestimate how bad it feels to be underappreciated. Acts like this can mean all the difference in the world. 
$C: Janitors are fucking awesome. One day during lunch when I was in middle school, this girl started punching the shit out of another girl. Almost instantly, one of the janitors jumped in and subdued the attacker with a perfectly executed wrestling move, using just enough force to restrain the perpetrator without doing any damage to her. What a fucking king
$C: Throughout any school I was in the Janitor was always one of the coolest people. Taught me at a young age that those that have to do labor tend to be more human than those that don't.
$C: In elementary school, which was like 8 years ago, I would help the janitor clean up the cafeteria after I finished eating and he ended up giving me a rubber ducky at the end of the year :) I saw him again in middle school at a seven eleven and it was great!
$C: ...and then he had the clean up after his party 😂😂
$C: In my elementary school if we were good we got to help our custodian clean lol
$C: Janitor Joe.  Was the coolest chap at my elementary school.  Knew every kid by name and always had some treats or sage advice to share if you bumped into him.  
$C: My next door neighbor was my elementary school custodian. He was divorced and had a pool.

He always let me swim in his pool with friends, never had to ask him for permission. And at lunch he would give me all of the change he collected during the day so I could get “extras” (snacks, another chocolate milk, you know..)

He got lung cancer and passed away. Best believe I went and cried at that funeral. I wanted to speak about him but my mom said I shouldn’t. (I was probably 13) I definitely regret not speaking. I think his family and friends would’ve understood the message I wanted to say. Such a great guy.

RIP Larry
$C: The custodian at my elementary school was such a G. 
$C: Find me audio so I can cry. thank you 
$C: And now I’m crying too. Thanks 
$C: The custodian, Mr. Shu, at my elementary school worked so damn hard every day. He was upwards of 70 years old probably and in the best shape I've ever seen a 70 year-old man. I swear the guy was there before anyone got there and after everyone left. I always had mad respect for the man, he was really nice and I *never* saw him complain or talk bad about anything.

Years after I left, I heard he didn't work there anymore. I wasn't too surprised, he was *old*. I figured he retired and I was happy for him.

8 years or so go buy and I'm at my grandparents (where I grew up and went to said elementary school). I see him mowing the lawn in the area behind the backyard. I have to explain something first: the area had a long stream with a walkway to a pond and the walkway wasnt wide but it spread over multiple houses' backyards. Anyway, the law required that those who live in those houses need to care for their little area of this "backyard". My grandpa always did his part, but no one else did theirs. The grass probably got up to 5 feet tall before Mr. Shu got to it. He did everyone else's work for them. Not only did he mow the *ENTIRE* area (from the pond to the last house, minus my grandparents area), but he also trimmed trees and put more dirt in the muddy areas to let the stream flow better. He single-handedly fixed all the shit that everyone else neglected over the years.

I thought to myself: why is he doing this now? Didn't he retire? 

Nope.

He got fired. The school didn't like that he didn't document what he did (he was an old dude and did his own thing, but it got the job done quickly and efficiently). So, they fired him and got a "better" custodian who apparently isn't even close to being as good as Mr. Shu. I know all this because Mr. Shu told me and my grandpa everything when we confronted him while he was mowing the lawn. He told us he's doing all this now because he has all this energy and nothing to do. Since he's not cleaning the school, he goes and cleans up practically an entire backyard neighborhood. 

He was 82 when I talked to him then. What a fucking God.
$C: Faith in humanity restored.
$C: Is that MC Ride
$C: I need the audio version !!
$C: I needed this too. 
$C: This is legitimately the beat thing I have seen on the internet today. Thank you for that and a huge amount of gratitude and thanks to all those who do these jobs and work hard. They are most often a thankless job and I, for one, want to thank all of you who do this. 
$C: The kindergartners would always get a visit from santa at my elementary school. I was feeling nostalgic and looking through a yearbook one time when I noticed "santa" was the rough, tattooed, harley riding janitor.
$C: Custodians were such homies at my middle school.
$C: It's cool that they let him be himself and wear a hat and  camo instead of like a navy jumpsuit like in every movie
$C: Feels good to be human sometimes. 
$C: All these sweet stories about peoples memories with their school custodian and all I remember is mine being a giant dickhead to everyone. Always in a foul mood, tells you to hurry up and leave so she can do her job. 
$C: He's thinking: "These kids are gonna make such a goddamn mess"
$C: FUCK. the only sound i hear is my tears hitting the keyboard
$C: The "good" adult in the Breakfast Club was a janitor for a reason.
$C: My kids had a fantastic custodian in grade school.  It was an honor to be selected to help him out, and he would give the best helpers a tennis ball that he signed, like a celebrity.  My kids treasured them.  This video makes me so happy!  What a great day for someone who works so hard for those kids.
$C: We had a custodian in elementary school named Mr. Thompson, so naturally, everyone referred to him as Mr. T! He was the man! When you went to dump your tray, you were subsequently looking for a high five that made your day from Mr. T! Oh, someone puked and we need sawdust? Mr. T! What a great man! I’d like to think that it also made his day knowing everyone in school thought he was the coolest. Cheers Mr. T!
$C: We did a similar thing for our custodian. He worked at the school for like 30 years. When I was a senior we dedicated our yearbook to him and recently had a huge retirement party for him.
$C: #Praise be to the newest Champion of Reddit, u/TooShiftyForYou!

[Let us not forget the Champions of yore...](https://www.reddit.com/r/ChampionsOfReddit/)
$C: awh man. Reminds me of my old elementary school custodian. Ken. Ken dumpster dove for me to find my  retainer after lunch because my 5th grade dumbass wrapped it up in a napkin and accidentally threw it away.

I skipped class the rest the day and he saved me from being yelled at by my mom after school lol. He found it!
$C: The custodian is probably like “fuck, I bet I have to clean up after these damn kids”

No but seriously, this should be under r/HumansBeingBros 
$C: Am a custodian, wish i felt the love he felt. Work is never ending and the hours are long. Always last one to leave but I was told it's somewhat a thankless job. Props to this guy and all the other custodians out there.
$C: Almost looks like he thinks he got caught smoking weed and he def to high for this shit then all the awws just hit him and he realizes what's happening and trembles back. I find it kinda funny, I find it kinda sad (happy sad) 
$C: This made me cry. 
$C: You know, now that I think about it.. I have a great relationship with the custodians who work for my office buildings, as well as our security guards. What an interesting and innocent thing to carry from my childhood. 
$C: As a teacher, this makes me so happy. I'm going to make sure my custodians know that I appreciate them 
$C: We did this to our custodian. He has severe brain tumors that keep coming back and he keeps losing his memory so on St. Patrick’s Day (he’s Irish, and it’s his favorite holiday) we all had a surprise party for him. 
$C: pretty messed up they have to like you in order to do their job imo but i feel the sentiment
$C: Man. My elementary school custodian was named Roger. Everybody absolutely loved Roger. In my second grade class we had a conspiracy theory that our teacher was secretly married to Roger. Memories
$C: >tries not to cry

>cries a lot
$C: Look up Bemis Elementary School in Troy Mi.
$C: '80's kid here, the only thing I remember about our school's custodian is he married my 3rd grade teacher. Rewards for school custodians seem to have suffered some cutbacks.
$C: How the Grinch stole my heart. 
$C: My eyes flooded immediately. 
$C: Awwww...  


This ends too soon. 
$C: I’m not crying, you are! 
$C: Wholesome
$C: A school which celebrates a custodian in an assembly setting reveals a quality school.  Building a great school is a challenging art.  Great schools are collaborative organisms.  Everyone who interacts with a child is  important to that collaboration.  Look at the children's faces.  They are happy and excited.   The custodian has contributed significantly to their joy.  And the children are learning a powerful lesson--unlike any they'll learn in class.
$C: The custodian at my elementary school became a citizen when i was in 4th grade. We threw a party for him. I remember his tears of joy. After the party about 20 of us, teacher and students, stayed behind and cleaned up. While we were cleaning, he walked in with his pushbroom and started to work. My music teacher stopped him and told him " Your party means you dont have to work. We Americans look out for each other. Go home, brother." He cried on his way to the car. 

This mans reaction brings tears to my eyes as I remember a man haven't thought of in 26 years. 
$C: I work as a school custodian and instead of ever getting a thank you, or you're doing good they just tell my boss every time I miss something it really doesn't help with depression.
$C: I needed this
$C: Hey my mother in law works there! That’s Mr Eugene from moody elementary! (The school is in Alabama) he’s a pretty great guy and this is well deserved! 
$C: !reddit silver
$C: I still remember Mr. Gonzalez from my elementary school. Dude was awesome. So full of life and constantly making kids laugh with ridiculous stunts. 
$C: What is MC Ride doing pretending to be a custodian?
$C: Where's Zach Hill and Andy tho?
$C: RIght in tha feels.
$C: The custodian that worked for our school for 40 years retired just last year. In a very remote community with only ~3500 population, there are only a few here that aren't friendly. 

There was a community potluck at the events park and it was a huge turnout. So heartwarming. 

Also wanted to mention, I am run into by locals and was so glad to see them. Some other times a local is very glad to see me, but I have no idea who they are but we happy. Makes me wonder how many times I was so happy to see someone, and they had no idea who I was...
$C: We need more of this in the world.
$C: In high school, we found out that Ellio The Janitor was going to lose his job and that his last day was in a few weeks. We got the entire school to write a petition to keep his job.
And it worked! ,
Also him and another custodian dressed up as Mario and Luigi and drove mini bikes through our pep rally. Good times 
$C: This is so heartwarming. Custodians access janitors are the undisputed unsung heroes of every school... cleaning up kids puke, pids covered toilet seats, physics defying fecal splatter and stains that pop up everywhere, exterminating bee, wasp, and hornet nests, and taking care of a plethora of other completely unsavory and nasty yet necessary activities that allow schools and offices to function properly. They deserve so much more appreciation and seeing this and his reaction were so satisfying and heartwarming. I hope you how's how much he is appreciated and loved by the people he helps keep safe from the world's plague of nasty. 
$C: My freshmen year of college we had Francisco in the guys wing. He was super cool and friendly with everyone. Always had some delicious pan dulce and would joke around buying us Tequila if we beat him at ping pong. He passed away a few years ago. They wrote about him in the school paper. He will be missed. 
$C: My grandfather was a Vietnam vet, turned custodian for 35 years. Extremely underappreciated job, but every day he was proud to do it. I can't even begin to explain how much humility I've learned from that man.
$C: Always remember to teach your children to love and respect people who do hardworking, thankless service jobs. I see so many newly-rich people who belittle us service workers because we are "lazy and unintelligent", and I ask myself what their parents taught them: it was obviously not what the kids in this video were taught, which is that nothing works without maintenance and service employees.
I can understand what's going through the custodian's head, I've been in similar situations before: I work in the rail, and it makes me tear up a little when I see well-raised children calling me sir and asking polite questions about the trains, with the utmost reverence for the job we do.
$C: The custodians at my middle and high school were actually quite celebrated by a good number of students. there were times that someone would just throw trash down and someone would say "its ok, thats why we have janitors" and someone else would get on thier case with something along the lines of "Dont make Mr/Mrs. X have extra work cuz you are lazy" 

i was suprised the number of kids that were totally cool with the janitors and peer preassured others to do something good on thier behalf. even if they were normally bullies. 

they always smiled and said hello as well, during and after school. it wasnt much, but to as an invisible kid, it was nice. 
$C: I just really joined reddit like 3 weeks ago. I tried twitter for a couple weeks. I did instagram for like 2 days. I have FB for family but I'm not that into it. I know my account is old but I never really looked at it till recently. This 10 second gif has given me such a feel good moment. I am so humbly happy with my choice to hang out in reddit. Thank you guys. Thank you so much.
$C: This is and will remain a Golden act of humanity.
$C: Ok I'm not American here but what is a custodian? 
$C: My elementary school custodian was a mean old lady who’s perfume smelled so bad and strong you could still smell her when she left a room. I haven’t smelled that smell in like 20 years but it’s still engraved in my brain. 
$C: In elementary school my custodian was the man!! Everyone loved that dude, he was such a genuinely nice guy to everyone! He looked like Santa if Santa was a janitor from California😂 When he announced at the assembly that he was leaving to go back to Cali he gave the school a gold spray painted trash can w a tiger painted on it that his artist buddy made. Shit was sweet as a 3rd grader when it was ur classes turn to have the trash can in the room😂 good times.
$C: His reaction tells me all I need to know about him. 
$C: Custodian here. Very heartwarming stories in here.
I work at a high school. This would never happen here. Its a really underpaid and demoralizing job with little to no care for what I do. We're also employed by a branch of the corrupt muncipaly. They make us work more by cutting down on our work time, for the same pay. Things would have been better if the school was my employer probably.
If this made you feel sad then I can atleast tell you that when I did work at the elementary in the same muni. The kids would always talk to me and they were interested. Some even gave me gifts that they made during class. I still have this rainbow fish a sweet kid nade for me. keep it in my car, always.
I hope when those kids grow up they wont turn trash cans up side down, empty the fire extinguishers in the halls. kick closed doors in the bathrooms until the door frame comes off. relieve themselves on the floor... etc etc.
I can't stand my job anymore. Used to love it at the elementary even though the pay was shit.
These stories will maybe atleast keep me going for another 3 weeks. I've decided to quit.
Thank you, and please parents. Stop you're kids from testing the boundries too far.. they are hopelessly wandering around not knowing what to do with themselves.
$C: The kids at my school actively love/fear our Head Custodian. He’s one of those burly tough guys who can fix anything, but also has a heart of gold. He’d do anything for our kiddos and everyone from the top down knows it! (That’s also why they fear him...he stands up to bullies for some kids too!!) 

I work with SpecialEd and the EBD kids who are often labeled as “trouble kids” and he actively seeks them out to say hi, how are you, glad to have you here. I can’t say enough good things about him, he’s the best. 
$C: Beats working a high school. Teens are assholes
$C: I love the mans emotions. I’m glad he’s liked and respected. It makes going to work easy.  
$C: Back in primary we had a custodian that was loved by everyone in the school. Too bad that, us kids, we terrible at English. 3 years went by and at a surprise party for him Everyone Drew Cars on the blackboard, meanwhile his name was Carl.
$C: Going to bed with a touched heart and happy tears, thank you 
$C: In high school, the coolest person on the facility was the janitor. She used to let me bum Cigarettes when I needed them. I always paid her back though by buying her a full pack of smokes as a thank you for helping me in a bind.
$C: We have a custodian who climbs the pillars onto the roof and does some Tarzan shit then roller blades away to a trash can. He has some pretty nice music choices too in his playlists
$C: Everyone is talking about heartfelt moments with their favorite custodian... All I got is a killer skill at rolling blunts because of my high school janitor; Scooter. Mofo was the coolest dude in high school back in his day, and was the coolest kid in my highschool days. 
$C: Damn onions, onions everywhere!
$C: The school I work at has a main custodian who is friendly with some of our most troubled youth. Many a times I have seen kids running out of school because of a tramatic reason, ignoring all of the teachers and administrators in his/her way, only to turn around because our custodian would say "hold up, get back here." She is the absolute best.
$C: You just won reddit 
$C: In the choir community, Weston Noble was the Director of Choral Activities at Luther College in Decorah, Iowa. He held this position for over 40 years and was considered one of finer choral scholars and respectable persons in the American choral world. When he finally retired, at an age older than 80 I believe, he continued to come to Luther College every day to pick up litter, tidy up the campus, and keep in touch with faculty and students. He was a custodian, but essentially the campus' teddy bear and spirit of the school.

As a secondary teacher, I hope I can do this someday.
$C: My high school custodian was beloved by every student /faculty member, and even won an outstanding citizen award from the local news. About six months later he was arrested for molesting his niece and nephew several times.
$C: He’s crying cause he only makes $12/hour
$C: I love me some wholesome ass comment threads on reddit. 
$C: Source Video ?
$C: This is great. In my elementary school, a old guy and his grandson were beloved by everyone because they mattered to us. The street leading to teacher lot on the school side was named after them so people can remember them years after the old one died and his grandson moved away for his family.  I'll always remember the Dorseys.
$C: Those damn ninjas chopping onions
$C: Instant tears, him and me both.
$C: They are invincible to a school and they are ones whom I still respect from my school days. 
$C: Back in primary school, as I was leaving the last year, I decided to get the custodian a mug as a thank you gift and it turned out it was the first gift he had got from a student. Made me feel sad that in 20 years he had never got one but also happy that he now felt appreciated. 
$C: I posted this in another topic, but with everything sharing their stories it turns out I was right. 

Man I feel like Janitors are one of the kids at Elementary schools. I remember ours used to hang out at lunch and talk with us, play with us at recess, and help us with homework. He treated us with respect and never talked down to us. We always tried our best to keep things clean for him. I remember when I threw up at lunch one time and he came to clean it up and I felt so bad, but he was so nice about it and escorted me to the nurse and made sure I was okay. My last year of elementary school he moved away and we held a big party for him and the school and the kids cleaned it up for him( he decided to help out to) that was one of the saddest days ever. I don’t remember much of elementary school, but I remember him.


Jeff the Janitor you were the best. Hope your life went well.
$C: Since this post has turned into a thread for heartwarming stories about elementary school janitors, I'll share mine...

Mr. Carlos was always recognizable by his light blue polo shirt and his big smile that he gave to everyone who walked by. He was never too busy to ask you how you were doing, never too busy to show that he cared about you. Mr. Carlos loved kids, and we all adored Mr. Carlos.  

I left my elementary school with fond memories and beloved teachers, but for some reason I never went back. Never felt like visiting, just sort of put it in the past. Until one day last year, I was a sophomore in college, and I was home for break. I had to pick up my brother from school, and usually I just wait for him to come outside but that day for some reason I had to go inside to find him. 

Who do I see when I walk in, with his light blue polo, but Mr. Carlos, looking not a day older than I remembered him when I was 10 years old. 

As I saw him, he saw me and in that brief moment of contact, his eyes lit up and that bright, warm smile came across his face - he recognized me! And not only that - after nearly a decade of working the halls of thousands of students, he still _remembered my name_. He opened his arms and gave me a great big hug. I'll treasure that pure moment and his unwaveringly kind soul for the rest of my life. 
$C: Wholesome clip to see in the morming! Thanks
$C: I follow the saying, " Treat the janitor with the same respect as the CEO". 
$C: When I went to school for Audio Engineering, my first test was to list the names of the custodial staff in our department.  The point was that success is largely dependent on networking and right place/right time connections.  A bridge, whether it is a suspension bridge or a rope bridge, still gets you across the river.  
$C: When I was in elementary, our custodian was this Spanish speaking guy that had some chickens. He would always bring the chicks at the beginning of the year so we could hold them. That guy was our hero back then.
$C: Wow. Our custodian was a big time cocaine dealer, who used the job as a cover, and slipped up and started spending too much money. He wasn't even drawing any suspicion and was friends with cops and local political figures since he was a school employee.

Sounds fake but here is an article lol

https://triblive.com/x/pittsburghtrib/news/s_720415.html
$C: I'm thinking how great it is when people appreciate the little guy but I'm not sure if this applies here cause I'm pretty sure that custodian is almost seven feet. 

Puns aside I never get why people look down on school custodians. Where I am it's a good paying blue collar union job, the type you can buy a house and put your kids through college on. 
$C: Here's a link with audio from another angles showing more afterwards. So sweet. 
 https://abc7ny.com/society/third-graders-mess-leaves-beloved-custodian-in-tears/4455237/
$C: I cry 😪 this is so sweet 
$C: This warms my heart
$C: Awesome
$C: Where is the sound? (and please don't tell me to press the volume button)
$C: Im a teacher and one of m'y student give me an apple
$C: THIS WAS AT MY ELEMENTARY SCHOOL WHAT THE HELL 
$C: Looks like MC Ride 
$C: Never seen mc ride cry
$C: This makes me really sad.... In middle school we had a custodian everybody loved, he was always joking around and loved borrowing the mascot costume to be goofy during ball games.

One year two girls new to middle school were walking the hallway and our janitor offered them some candy. This is something he was known to do and there was never any ill intent or complaints.

Well these girls stood by the " if a strange man offers you candy dont take it and tell an adult" so they went to the principal. The school then decides that the custodian cant interact with the children anymore and it crushed him. 

He didnt have much going for him and you could tell he wad happiest when interacting with the kids. Couple days later a rumor started going around he had quit. It wasn't till i was older i was told he had killed himself:/

Hope things are better for you wherever you are man.
$C: r/HumansBeingBros 

Fuck yeah people are awesome sometimes. 
$C: I came from Montebello Ca and until 4th grade when I moved down to SD county and at my old school there was this older Mexican guy who always had a smile on his face and he would always listen to the kids. Cool dude
$C: This is awesome! Stay Awesome HUMANS!!! 
$C: This absolutely warms my heart. I respect the cleaners and low level workers because without them -- this world would be far less clean without them.
$C: Pretty wholesome I’d say
$C: I'm re-watching Breaking Bad (again) and just watched the episode where the custodian is helping out Walt in the bathroom while he goes through Chemo.  "I got it Mr. White, don't worry, you've got kids to teach."

:\* (
$C: Stop making shit like this into ducking gifs. We need the sound 
$C: Hes crying because this room is full of a hundred kids under 10. This place is gonna be a disaster when they leave, and guess who's gonna have to clean it up.
$C: This is so fucking sweet it made me cry. God dammit. 
$C: It's muted. I wonder if they all shouted mean things at him, and that's why his is crying..
$C: Crazy, long story ahead; turn back now.

At our school the custodians that worked most days were actually an older married couple; Mr. and Mrs. Defore. Picture the most archetypal sweet, old couple you can. BAM! Mr. & Mrs. Defore.

Around the same time I started 1st grade, my Mom was working as a Home Health Aide and she ended up providing care for Mr. Defore's mother before she passed. The pair of them were almost always at the house whenever my mother would come by to feed her, bathe her, and do routine medical checks/ensure she took her medication.

I met the pair some time later, after Mr. Defore's mother had passed. Mom was picking me up from Aftercare and when they saw her they shuffled over, smiles fully aglow, and gave her a hug and thanked her again for taking such good care of their loved one during that time. I had seen the couple around plenty but never really spoke to them about anything. I remember very clearly our first exchange; Mr. D. looking at me and saying: 

*"Your mother is a very sweet woman, son. She took care of my Mama when she was sick. You don't give her any trouble do you?"* 

*"No sir"*

*"Well, that's good. Keep it that way."*

After that, every time I'd pass either of them in the hallway I'd stop and chat with them. They'd always ask how my mom was doing (they always referred to her as my 'sweet mother'). In time, I developed a familial relationship with them. They'd bring candy to give out to the kids and they always saved me whatever piece I mentioned liking the most. I'd always run tell them when I did well on a test or when anything exciting was happening in my life (sports stuff mostly). Whenever we had fundraisers, they'd buy whatever I was selling in an effort to boost my sales numbers and help me get a better prize whenever it ended. 

The most endearing anecdote I have about them was something I wasn't really aware of until about 10 or so years later. I was in high school at this point and was rummaging through pictures at home when I came across some school portrait print proofs from my elementary school days. I was puzzled because I always had my picture taken for the yearbook, but we never ordered prints to keep (Mom was a single parent and money was tight). When I asked Mom about it she just stared at it and smiled a bit before she finally broke the silence and explained.

"*The company brought the proofs to school to show the parents and after all was said and done, they threw the proofs away. Mr. and Mrs. Defore discovered the pile of photos while they were finishing up cleaning. They searched through the pile and found your proofs and saved them. They hid the pictures in a blank envelope because they didn't know if they could get in trouble for doing something like that, but they gave you the envelope one day telling you it was just a gift they got for me. Those two were a very sweet couple."*

Mr. and Mrs. D had both passed away a few years prior to this exchange. We sat there for a while and talked about how she first met them and many of the conversations I had with them in the hallways. 

Ever since, I've always made it a point to try to make conversation with the cleaning staff at all my various schools and at any place I worked at that had them. Pretty much all of them have been really kind people with really awesome stories. Seeing this gif made my day because I can only imagine that the individuals that do those jobs might feel unnoticed and/or unappreciated. Good on the kids of these kids or staff for organizing something like this. 
$C: Oh gosh. I can't. My heart is full. That's so pure
$C: That's cute of course, but we all know the teachers put them up to that right? 
$C: You should crosspost this t /r/UpliftingNews 
$C: This is so cool!
Made my eyes burn.
$C: Caution: Cheeks Slippery When Wet
$C: Just like him, I did not plan on crying at work today. 
$C: Man, wherever you are Clifford from Settlers Way Elementary happy belated birthday 
$C: My dad was a custodian for my middle school.
He said it was the best job he ever had :)

This man is deffinately crying :3
$C: I'm not crying, I just have something in both my eyes.
$C: Instantly got something in my eye
$C: Crying in the club rn
$C: Man that brought tears to my eyes 
$C: Crying in the club rn
$C: Ugh, my feels
$C: Looks like it's starting to rain.
$C: Crying. 
$C: definitely not crying on my bus to class..
$C: made me cry.
$C: Right in the damn feels
$C: Man, hitting me right in the feels

I was not ready for that right now
$C: Well fuck, this hit me right in the feels. 
$C: You’re crying
$C: Damn ninjas cutting onions. I am not crying.
$C: I'm not crying. You're crying
$C: ....aaaand I'm sobbing in public.
$C: WHOMST THE FUCK PEELING THESE DAMN ONIONS
$C: damn. someone is cutting onions. damn
$C: I'm not crying, you're crying....shut up! 
$C: Argh these onions that I’m cutting keep getting in my eyes!.!.!.!.!
$C: Damn, right in the feels.  
$C: * I'm a grown man, I won't cry. I'm a grown man, I won't cry. *
$C: RIGHT IN THE FEELS 
$C: i'm not crying

&#x200B;
$C: Just onions in my desk draw...thats all team. God damnit reddit.
$C: R/wholesomememes
$C: Damn, not sure why but this made me tear up a bit
$C: Look, I'm not crying.

On a serious note, this makes me so happy, it's a thankless job and he's obviously a joy to those kids.
$C: I need a cleanup on aisle my face.
$C: That’s like 3 seconds long and I’m crying
$C: GET THESE DAMN ONIONS AWAY FROM ME
$C: Nah man I'm not cryin are you cryin?
$C: Made me tear up.
$C: I'm in tears 
$C: Immediately cried after watching this. 
$C: POW Right in the feels!
$C: Who's cutting onions in here?! 
$C: ONIONS
$C: Damn onions

$C: I'M NOT CRYING!
$C: I’m not crying you’re crying 
$C: I’m not crying you’re crying
$C: This keeps making me tear up... 
$C: oh yeah I totally wanted to cry rn

$C: This is some wholesome shit right here
$C: As a person who works in a medical center/hospital, I’ve always made it a point to be friendly with the custodial staff, and everyone else who has a job that can make my job harder if they feel unappreciated. I have never understood the mentality that some people have towards those “beneath” them. They’re just trying to make a living too. There was a pharmacist who I worked with that made sure everyone knew she was better than/you were below her if you were a pharmacy tech (like me) or part of the housekeeping or maintenance crew. She had a hard time getting issues fixed like when a door wasn’t closing fully (big time security issue in a pharmacy). All it took was one call from us “peons” who were friendly to the “help” and they would make sure our issues were corrected as soon as possible. You don’t have to like the people, just treat them with respect. If you want respect in return, make sure to give it. It’s amazing what doors will open or close in this instance if you give someone the respect they deserve. 
$C: I need the whole story of this with a longer recording. 
$C: I'm not crying. You're crying. 
$C: This guy smokes ALL the weed.
$C: Well imma cry!
$C: Right in the feel-goods...
$C: And there goes my daily cry session. Thanks lol
$C: I'm crying with you. Beautiful 😭😭😭
$C: This is so god damn wholesome. Whenever I feel bad and shitty I’ll view this and I’ll feel better guaranteed.
$C: Damn son, right in the feels.
$C: Hold me, I got something in my eye :(((
$C: Damn allergies again 
$C: BRB gonna go cry 😭
$C: Oh no! I  can't cry at work, NSFWWWWW
$C: This is so wholesome :) 
$C: Wow... I'm crying. What a beautiful thing. 
$C: I’m not crying, your crying 
$C: I'm crying too, this is too much.
$C: Aw how wholesome
$C: Warning:  Post equipped with sliced onions.!!
$C: I’m not crying too. 
$C: Move those onions from my face
$C: Now I'm crying. This is so sweet!
$C: I'm not crying..... You are. 
$C: Anyone have any further info on this custodian? I’d love to learn more.
$C: Fuck who ever posted this, it made me cry and I hate crying. 
$C: This makes me cry 
$C: ouch right in the feels 
$C: Getting a little dusty in here...
$C: Fucking onions 
$C: Why is there no sound on this I wanted to cry with him 😫😭
$C: Damn. Someone cutting onions? Wish they did this for Hugo from breaking bad. Lol
$C: Gahhh this hits right in the feels. 
$C: People like him are the really nice people that you need in your everyday life, not arrogant, pretentious assholes who cannot see beyond their nose. I've always been friendly with the cleaning ladies at the university, as well as with the staff of the cafeteria and the guardians. They are such nice people, always smiling and always there to put a smile on your face. I'm looking forward to visiting my old uni in part because I want to see my old professors, but also because I want to catch up with those guys!
$C: I'm not crying, you're crying 
$C: r/noisygifs
$C: That's a gift.
$C: Shoutout to all the janitors who cleaned up after my messy ass, especially in elementary school. You guys are the real MVPs. 
$C: My heart ❤️ 😭 this is so sweet 
$C: I miss my school days  😢
$C: I wish I was a custodian
$C: little dusty in here
$C: R/humansbeingbros 
$C: there needs to be a custodian Day for real
$C: Heartwarming
$C: So heartwarming. 


$C: Good thing it wasn’t hot chili day. 
$C: This makes me tear up. Good post, OP
$C: u/WeDemBoids
$C: This is really nice :)
$C: Kids have the biggest hearts. Adults would never do this. 
$C: So uplifting. Acts of kindness can move mountains! This is heart warming  to see
$C: 💗💗💗
$C: Yay this made my day 😊
$C: Awwwww
$C: He was probably doing the job for many years. Cleaners are nearly invisible and never appreciated all the grime and unpleasant jobs many wont do. 

Now to be appreciated by all the kids in the school will give him a morale boast that will be remembered for long time and will carry on doing his job happy. 
$C: “Today was the wrong day to take acid before work...”
$C: This is amazing!:)
$C: This is really sweet.
$C: I think he’s crying because now he’s going to have to clean up the gym. 
$C: That dude is boss. I don't even know him, but he's cool as fuck I want to be his friend.
$C: R/mademesmile
$C: Backstory?
$C: School lead custodian here. Most of us would have this reaction. Most work very hard and any kind of acknowledgement is very much appreciated.


$C: Oh so awesome
$C: That's awesome
$C: I made friends with big my elementary and highschool janitors, stopped to talk in the hall with them, was genuinely interested in how they got things done. They were awesome people, I got little perks too; when one of the classrooms I was in wasn't holding heat well in the winter, he turned the heat up in that class. When I graduated highschool, being of age, I slipped him a wrapped bottle of rum. 
$C: This is what life is
$C: This is why I come to Reddit, restoring my faith in humankind one upvote at a time!
$C: God bless all of the invisible people that work to make our lives better. 
$C: I imagined him rubbing his eyes like:

"Jesus, I can't get away from these kids."
$C: R/mademesmile
$C: r/mademesmile
$C: PAY CUSTODIANS MORE
$C: Our custodian in junior high, Mr. Green, was universally loved by all. He was a great guy. We even had a day every year for him: Mr. Green Day. He loved it. 
$C: TAK-EEE-YON

TAK-TAK-EEE-YON
$C: That made me cry. We had a  cross walk guy in high school everyone loved. We gave him a cake on his birthday and he was sincerely grateful for it. This was an overwhelming experience for him
$C: Can someone explain what's happening?
$C: Does anyone have a source? This kinda sucks to watch as a gif
$C: That's one tall dude. 
$C: First emotional thing on Reddit that actually got me. Damn 
$C: I remember my middle school janitor, great amazingly nice guy, we called him Big Dave, he had some very slight disabilities but even as evil as middle schoolers are everyone treated him with respect and kindness.  He was even called in on one occasion to help talk to a kid who wouldn’t listen to teachers or the principal, he nailed it.
$C: "Kids torment and laugh at school custodian for his role in recent scandal".
$C: This just made my fucking day! There is kindness in the world yet.
$C: stuff like this is the best.
$C: fecking kids... I say we get rid of _most_ adults, they ruin everything
$C: This is exactly what I needed to see today... always puts a smile on my face seeing faith in humanity restored a little bit
$C: How badass!!! The level of appreciation and gratitude is amazing!! Truly awesome 
$C: I actually remember the name of the custodian at my elementary school, Mr. Billings. That was minimum 20 years ago. He was a real nice guy. Good on the kids and the school for facilitating it. 
$C: r/mademesmile
$C: As a former custodian,  this brings tears of joy to me eyes!
$C: I find it so weird. It seems that elementary kids and janitors always seem to “form a connection” I specifically remember a janitor when I was in grade school. She was the coolest person on the building and everyone loved her. 
$C: This is great
$C: Aww this is so sweet!
$C: I feel bad for people like custodians, they get no respect
$C: Aww this is such a sweet way for the school to show its appreciation without actually paying him more
$C: Aye my elementary school!
$C: Betcha he went home loving his job. 
$C: That is no doubt some of the greatest shit I have ever seen. 
$C: i bet they do this shit everyday and he is just putting his hand to his face saying "not this shit again"
$C: I remember our grade school janitor. He married the mom of one of my classmates when we were in fifth grade.

Poor kid. 
$C: Me to man me to.
$C: So story time. 

When I was in elementary school we had a head janitor who was a mid 40s black guy. Very very nice. Everyone loved him. But he wasn’t the most intelligent person. You could tell. He didn’t have his drivers license. And one day they made an announcement that he had gotten it. Everyone was so excited for him. I remember him vividly. And his name. But have no idea how to spell it. I think about him from time to time. 
$C: I had some teachers that I liked when I was in elementary school, but I remember WORSHIPPING the custodial staff. We had 3 custodians, and they were all adored by the kids.This video brought tears and good memories. 
$C: When I was a kid, the schools janitor was the father of a couple of the kids in the school.  I remember how we all thought he was so lucky and it was so cool that their dad got to work there.  
$C: This is amazing. 
$C: Straight to the top of Reddit please. I only got a few seconds in to the video before getting too emotional. That’s an awesome thing to do with the kids. Everyones going to remember that, and the good in humanity will snowball into bigger deeds. Kids are awesome. I used to be a substitute and now I work full-time in marketing. Hate every second of it, I should totally work at a school again. Now i’m going to watch the video again and cry!
$C: Love when he goes through to give all the kiddos a high five! 
$C: This warms my heart. My uncle, who passed away last year, was a janitor for twenty plus years. Kids loved him! He had to transfer schools once because a kid ran up to him and gave him a hug. He did nothing back. A teacher reported him for “touching” a child. 

The school said they could transfer him or fire him. He took the transfer. The teacher was apparently passed that the kids liked him more than her.

Before his transfer went through, he left the inappropriate photos of herself that were in her desk, ON her desk for staff to find.

While I don’t agree about going into a teachers desk, she had been a bitch. 
$C: Daequan?
$C: Alright, which one of you peed your pants?
$C: I mean, how could you NOT break down in tears when that happens?
$C: I love this. 
$C: I'm a cleaning lady in a huge facility that has daycares and stuff. Today I gently shooed a little boy out of the way while I was passing with my trolley. He just looked up at me with a stone cold face and said "you're fat" and then moved out of the way.

I know I'm fat, but I'm not used to people just saying it to me like that. Kids are brutal :(
$C: Reminds me of how much people loved the custodians in primary and highschool, in primary we had a janitor that would trade hockey cards with any kid that asked since he had a collection, I remember I wanted to trade one of my cards and he offered me an entire deck of his old duplicates because he needed mine to finish his collection for a team.

And in highschool for 7&8th grade we had these 2 female janitors in their late 40's and me and my 2 friends would pester them and they would goof around with us. It wasnt until college when I ran into one of them where she was voluntiering for stemcell donations and got me to sign up.
$C: More of this please!
$C: Mc ride is a custodian? 
$C: Fritz was our school custodian in the early 70s (yep - old fart).  He had a bucket with a special concoction to help clean up the "bad accidents".  It was probably just sawdust or cat litter or something - but it made Fritz a legend to the kids so that I can still remember him decades later.  Decades from now, hopefully some of these kids will reminisce about Mr. Eugene on the future Reddit.
$C: Things are really picking up for this guy!
$C: The custodians at my elementary school were so cool
$C: r/Wholesome
$C: Does anyone have the link to this with sound? 
$C: You ARE the father!!!!!!
$C: My elementary/middle school (both were the same school and I don’t remember what grade) did something similar when our custodian was retiring. He had been there for over 40 years ever since the school opened.
$C: In high school we had a custodian that everyone loved. He would belt out Spanish opera in the hallways after hours and everyone loved him. He would perform at school talent shows while wearing his old mariachi clothes. He was the best!
$C: r/mademesmile 
$C: When I was in elementary school we had a custodian that went by "Mr.Patrick". He was nice and kept to himself. Nothing crazy. 

Now my senior year of high school we all got to go back to our elementary schools and talk to the little kids about middle school or whatever. 

I go off to the side of the school to grab something and I look up and I'm behind Mr.Patrick. Obviously he won't remember me but I just say "Oh my God, Mr. Patrick you still work here?" And Mr. Patrick turns around with a lit joint in his mouth and says "till the day I die!" And laughs and laughs. 
$C: “Ugh....I just buffed this floor....”
$C: THIS is one of the most important lessons that can be taught in elementary school. 

Our love and appreciation for our elementary school custodian was something that was instilled in us when we were in first grade, and continued until we left. It never felt contrived or forced; the school just made a point to include our custodian in everything and the school showed him a lot of respect, and the kids followed. 

The result? We left that school holding custodians in the highest regard, which is something that will affect our interactions with service workers for the rest of our lives. 

Thank you to the schools who treat their custodial staff this way!
$C: "I just finished cleaning this and they gathered all this dirty little bastards here.."
$C: This is the best thing I’ve seen on R so far. Thank u for posting. 
$C: [All aboard...the love train](https://i.imgur.com/HWkXZLN.gif?noredirect)
$C: Dude comes in, mop and 401 in hand ready to clean some shit, but the only thing that needed cleaning was his eyes.
$C: Beautiful! 
$C: I used to work in a school and had the best things to say about custodians.  We worked together a bit and a little empathy went a long way.  Anytime I needed help, they were more reliable than any adminstration official or teacher.  
$C: If you think about it, “custodian” is a pretty wonderful term for the job they do. A person who has the responsibility to look after things. A building, children and a building full of children.
Makes me wish I appreciated mine more growing up.
$C: Kinda new to reddit. Why no upvotes?
$C: As a student who worked as an assistant custodian for two summers, it amazes me how these people work such hours with such compassion and care for the kids. It’s hard work that people spend a lifetime doing. This warms my heart. 
$C: We guard you while you sleep!
$C: Already had a tear jerker day at work, now the water works are fully activated. 
$C: This is beautiful.
$C: When I was in elementary school my grandpa had a friend who was a janitor at my school. They were crossing guards too. I would steal his keys off his belt and pretend I was gonna run away but never did. 

Fuck, now I'm trying to remember his name but can't and my grandpa is dead. He had like fifty friends named George and I think it was George. 
$C: That is awesome! It's good to be appreciated.
$C: r/humansbeingbros
$C: Too damn sweet. Love it.
$C: This is beautiful 
$C: I love everything about this!! What an absolutely beautiful moment. 
$C: Makes me feel worse about how our middle school passed a rumor around that our most notable custodian had sex with a goat.  Kids would *baaaah* at him in the hallways.

I never called it out because I was a kid, but in hindsight, what assholes we were.  Now I avoid kids myself so all the more respect to school custodians for cleaning after children.
$C: As kids get older, generally the less they respect the cleaning staff 

$C: This happened in my hometown. So happy that such awesome things are being shared with the world. 
$C: Hey its my home town 
$C: Reminding people they are important and that they matter makes all the difference in the world. A very sweet gesture. Be excellent to each other.
$C: That is freaking awesome!
$C: I love everything about this.
$C: I'd like to give Mr Eugine a high five too 
$C: Good to show some love in the world 
$C: Kids can't organize much of anything, much less a surprise party...a whole surprise party!
$C: can you please clean up after the party?
$C: Heartwarming and all but I bet the guy still gets paid like shit at the end of the day.
$C: Custodians are always the nicest people 
$C: Sometimes I wonder if these are private or public schools or what.  I can't remember our school ever having such compassion.  
$C: Awwwww
$C: This is my elementary school!!!!!!! (was the middle School gym when I attended)
$C: This gives me hope and warms my heart. 
$C: r/happyjanitorscrying
$C: I miss my janitor 
$C: In my school district, we had a custodian named Mr. Anthony that everyone knew and loved that worked at the intermediate school I went to. He always had the biggest smile on my face and knew tons of people by name, including mine, since my mom was a teacher at the school. He never took a day off of work for I think 7-8 years and saved up to go and see his family across the globe. Any time I go to a football game or social event held by the district now he’s always there and always gives me a hug and asks me how I’m doing and how I’ve grown so much since I was in 5th grade. I’ve since gone on to college but any time I go and visit my mom at her school I know he’s going to be there with a smile on his face waiting to give me a hug :,).
$C: God damn it... All I wanted was some on the crapper content. Now I wiped shit in my eyes while wiping tears...
$C: teaches kids giving is as important as receiving 
$C: Their school custodian is James Harden of the Houston Rockets? I kid, this is very sweet!
$C: This is awesome! 
$C: I want to know more details about this!
$C: Sometimes people just need to know they're appreciated!
$C: Used to have a custodian in my elementary school who would always pull some of us out of class to help him with the trash and then he would give us a free ice cream afterwards! He was a black man and one of the most cool and down to earth people I’ve met to this day, Always wore a massive contagious smile. He passed away a few years ago from heart problems at the age of around 55. Fly High Mr. Kevin. 😞
$C: Wow. This hit me harder than I was prepared for. 👏
$C: Which amazing Teacher is corrupting our innocent kids with this wholesome behavior?
$C: goddamn this would melt even the Grinches heart
$C: Gotta love the happy, “hand in the face” gesture
$C: Well, in Whoville they say - that the Grinch's small heart grew three sizes that day.
$C: I remember the janitor at my school. He was an African American man named Mr. Williams. The nicest guy in the world. 
$C: This is amazing. ❤️❤️
$C: I remember our custodian in school would play sports with us a recess. I specifically remember him teaching us to throw a football properly. 
$C: What a sweet gesture 👍🏼🌟
$C: This reminds me of my elementary school's favorite custodian Mr. Steve. He was so sweet and everytime he needed to get the attention of the children in the cafeteria, he'd go to the mike and sing "Bum-pu-da-bum-bum" and we'd all scream back "BUM BUM !!"
$C: We had a custodian at our school who was absolutely identical to Hank Hill’s father in King of the Hill. I mean, it was uncanny. Barely stood above the trash cans, must have lost his knee caps in ‘Nam as well. 

That dude was AWESOME. 
$C: James Harden sneaks into school disguised as janitor before tonight's game, upset he can't hoop due to kids' surprise party.
$C: Oh my heartttt
$C: Best video on reddit today. Would give gold if I could. Great find! 
$C: So, what’s a custodian?
Genuine question by a non American. 
$C: this made my day less shittier. thanks Reddit
$C: I wonder how many just want cake or no class.
$C: ex janitor/custodian, warms my fucking heart. 
$C: My buddy is custodian. Beloved by teachers and kids. Smart teachers buy him coffee and  duke him at end of year or at Xmas. 
$C: It’s raining on my face
$C: r/aww
$C: Oh my God that is so sweet. And his reaction is priceless. 

I always talk to the custodian. I don't want to clean shit up, do you? Appreciate the people that do the stuff you don't want to. 
$C: I landed on waterworks
$C: A surprise party is one the best things you can do for another person.
$C: MC Ride?
$C: Has this dude been on "Ellen" yet?  Because he's going to be on "Ellen".  And then one of yall is going to post the "Ellen" clip on Reddit and harvest sweet, sweet karma.
$C: Our custodian was so cool. It was the biggest honour to be picked by him to help put away the lunch tables. Everyone who helped got an Oreo. He was probably the coolest guy at school. When he would walk the roof and throw lost tennis balls down, it was madness. Kids went crazy!!
$C: The professor!
$C: My grandpa was a elementary school custodian for many years as a kind of hobby to keep him busy during his “retirement years”; the kids loved him so much, they all called him “Grandpa Mel.” <3
$C: What's the source?
$C: Someone PLEASE post the link. This is beautiful 
$C: My janitor got arrested slanging ice out the bathroom. This melts my heart
$C: Melt my heart
$C: Anyone have a link to the full video? 
$C: Oh man we loved ours, we all though he was some kind of super hero with his super strength and hidden basement lair. 
$C: In my middle school we had a custodian who sailed to Miami from Haiti. His name was Mr. Josh and the whole school loved him. Someone helped him publish a whole book about his journey. It was pretty interesting!
$C: Man of I were in that situation I'd boohoo cry
$C: My elementary school custodian was named Bill. He had one arm. He played the drums during our talent show and he was a badass! Everyone adored him. 
$C: This touches me 
$C: My high school’s custodian is ‘Papa Roach’. He’s leaving this Friday tho :/
$C: I like his double take at the beginning.  You can see the shock in his body movement.
$C: r/mademesmile
$C: When the custodian at my school retired we had a little party and gave him a golden (spray painted) broom as a goodbye gift.  
He was a pretty chill guy, liked by most people.  
My school was also somewhat small.
$C: is that MC Ride?
$C: This made me remember me and my friend used to help clean up the cafeteria after because we were last lunch. The custodian always gave a dollar or 2 for helping.
$C: My heart!! Clearly deserved. Good on the school/teachers. 
$C: r/mademesmile
$C: Our school custodians in the sixties were also held in high regard. At my work place as well, when it was warranted. For every one great one there's two or three that are not.
$C: In my school there was a custodian that was diagnosed   With cancer. 4 years later he was free and then during a pep rally the head of school came to let us know the news. The custodian seemed like he didn’t care but smiled and then got off the stage. I think he hates us...
$C: I remember our custodian was always a goofball. When we were getting initiated into our car patrol, Mr Lewis would be doing donuts on one of those rideable floor cleaners and the teacher had no idea why we couldn't stop laughing. 

Some of the greatest people man.
$C: Shoot, in my elementary school the janitor, J, was literally everyone's favorite person period. The coolest guy we knew.
$C: This is too shifty for me. Right u/tooshiftyforyou?
$C: My schools head custodian was a dude nicknamed “whistling Ronnie” cause he was always whistling. We always knew when he was nearby cause his whistles would echo down the hallway.

He was a total bro and everyone loved him. Haven’t seen him since graduation about 11 years ago and Idk if he’s still alive but I hope he is thriving and enjoying retirement. He was the MVP. 
$C: Thats whats up!
$C: When the custodian (John) at my elementary school retired, they gave him a locker COVERED in gum...because he hated gum in lockers I guess? We had very few and they were for our backpacks, and were rarely used. I guess for some reason they thought that was a good gift. But he did get it “awarded” to him at a huge assembly with everyone there and we all said “goodbye John, we’ll miss you!” In (more or less) unison. It was nice.
$C: I love it
$C: Man, little kids are so mean. They made that poor guy cry.
$C: We had a guy like this when I was in elementary. 
I remember him teaching us tai chi once when some random health person never showed up for a special presentation. 
This was a special health day too. Every class was rotating through different presentations all day long- from how to take care of our teeth to anatomy to first aid. It was the best because we didn't do "real work" all day. 
So I guess someone didn't show and our janitor stepped in. Taught us about mindful breathing and some basic moves.
He was fucking cool. 
$C: What’s up Professor!
$C: damn
$C: In my college, the janitor in my building is easily one of the coolest dudes you'll ever meet. 
$C: This made me happy tear😪☺
$C: My dude here chopping up some tears bruh.
$C: Kids love custodians/support staff more than teachers because those people don’t have to set boundaries with and discipline them. But I know a lot of custodians go underappreciated. I’m a male elementary teacher and I would definitely be crying if this happened to me. 
$C:  Best thing on the internet 
$C: "What do you mean, you want a raise? We got the kids to do a surprise party for you!"
$C: LOVE LOVE 💕 💗 ❤️ LOVE!!!!!
$C: examplery school👏
$C: AAWWW 
$C: He's like "ahh fuck me, I need more bleach n a bigger mop for all these kids throw up"...
Hahah nah that's awesome they did this for that dude....
$C: My heart 😩
$C: Plot twist: all the kids noticed this and they all helped him clean
$C: A memorable custodian for me was Gary. Navy vet. Was in Vietnam. Used to smoke at school and no one said anything really. Drove the bus occasionally. Super cool guy.
$C: I just want everybody to know. You are awesome and you are worth more than what you think...
$C: Where are his legs?
$C: This hurts my heart a little today. Yesterday a beloved crossing guard at a local elementary school was killed in a traffic accident (away from the school).  He would wave to everyone who drove by.  The kids must be so sad. 


$C: r/aww
$C: Beautiful.
$C: There must be ninjas cutting onions near my eyes
$C: Wow this is really heartwarming, but I can't help feel bad for the guy, like he has alot of pressure on him and this just tipped him over the edge. Regardless, great gesture.
$C: Our custodian at my elementary school was named Connie. He always was very nice to all the kids and teachers. At Christmas time, our class presented him with gifts to show our appreciation for all he did for us. This was back in the 1960’s and I think about him from time to time. Never once saw him without a smile on his face.  
$C: Got him right in the feeling.
$C: And on this day my heart grew 3 sizes. 
$C: Our custodian used to pass our licorice if we wore red and black on Fridays to show love to the high school team. He was awesome.
$C: Congratulations 
$C: I like to imagine instead of being so happy to he point of almost tears he's actually saying "Oh jeez, not this shit again"
$C: Well got a lil teary eyed there for a second.
$C: If someone ever un likes this, u r evil
$C: He thought he was gonna have to mop up puke , instead it was tears😭😭
$C: "shit im so fuckin high right now"
$C: User name does not check out :)
$C: the POV from the teacher who got him to come into the gym is just as awesome. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C_jbFvBCGd4
$C: In middle school all of the custodians were hilarious. Just constantly doing cool things and we all loved them. 
$C: This is fantastic 
$C: So damn cool.
$C: My father told me from a young age that staff like custodians, security, general help are really easy to be friends with. Just great them everyday with a smile and a handshake like you would a superior and see the difference it makes. I remember he would make us go and say hello to the guards at fast food shops when we were Young.  It makes me sad how true he was. It sucks but help are looked down upon so often that just treating them as an equal earns so much respect and love. 
$C: maybe he’s crying because he just realized he can never quit his job
$C: “Our custodians get paid with love and care, they don’t need bonuses. Let’s keep them at 30k/year salary and we’ll pocket all the bonuses to ourselves!” -corrupt school board officials. Cough*
$C: “The people you are after are the people you depend on. We cook your meals, we haul your trash, we drive your ambulances. We protect you while you sleep. Do not fuck with us.”
$C: The custodian in my middle school appeared to really love his job. Everyone loved him. He started a vegetable garden in the school, and helped us plant our own vegetables. Mr. Bortnick was rad. 

In summer he helped teach an archeology class and showed us how to make arrow heads.. I haven’t thought about him in a while, but damn was he a cool bloke.
$C: It is wonderful to feel appreciated and vital.  
$C: This is beautiful...I love seeing reactions like this!  This man deserves a hug!
$C: Things like this that probably made that custodians job worth every minute worked. 
$C: He lowkey looks like mc ride
$C: Take my up vote you sweet soul!!
$C: In high school, the head janitor was easily the most beloved faculty member. One summer he was murdered by another janitor. The halls were never quite the same. It was really sweet because there was a GoFundMe created by one of the teachers for his family. It reached its goal in like two days.
$C: It's awesome stuff like this that warms my cold heart!
$C: Being a custodian is a hard job. Looks like he cares about what he does.
$C: My elementary school custodian had a heart attack one morning while shoveling. A tree was planted in his honor and is now the biggest one in the school yard. I wonder if they still tell the kids that it's the Mr Bob tree...
$C: Work in an office and I am dear friends with our custodian crew. Love them to death. They take care of me with food, Cuban coffee and always looking out for me. I don’t do it for any of those reason. They are just good people. 
$C: Ahh okay, so 3 seconds is all it takes me to go from completely normal to crying at work. Good 2 know
$C: Wish this had sound...
$C: Tbh the janitors do more work then my teachers....
$C: Dope
$C: When I was finishing my student teaching I heard a pop outside the door and I told the teacher I was going to go see what it was. She told me not to go outside, that we were on a "secret lockdown."    

Turned out they had a surprise going away party for me, and the pop was a balloon accidentally popping. They got me a chair.     

I still have/love that chair.
$C: A great moment in mankind's history!
$C: damn! these things make you tear up... hopefully a lot of these kids will learn from this and pass it on to their children. EVERYONE, no matter their station in life,  deserves your respect. 
$C: This made my day
$C: Custodian in my school sold mushrooms to kids and was a total space cadet.  Super nice guy otherwise.

But yeah in a professional environment, people who belittle cleaning staff disgust me.  Especially those who say “it’s their *job* to clean up after me” or anything like that. 
$C: All the Awwws
$C: Best thing I’ve seen today. Thanks
$C: Dude, that one kid in the back is actually wearing a helmet. I thought thyroid was a myth!
$C: How about make friends with everyone, no matter what their job is. 
$C: Does anyone have the link to this with sound?

$C: There is a story from one business school class where 50% of your grade was the final exam. The final exam was two questions. Last question was what is the name of the custodian for this floor? Everyone but one person failed. 

I heard this story once, and I'm pretty sure there's zero truth to it but it teaches you to say hi, converse, and interact with everyone. Be on a first name basis with the dozens of people who indirectly influence your life for the better.
$C: Custodians mega underrated. 
$C: kids not being a-holes. nice
$C: This is EASILY the greatest thing on reddit right now
$C: The first time I watch it: Aw this is really cute haha

The second time I watch it: Oh wow that's a lot of tears
$C: Our custodian was a great dude. Mr. Harrison, I will never forget you. He was one of those gruff, intimidating looking guys, but he was always really nice. When we got older and went to high school, a certain group of us would play baseball against our elementary's gymnasium wall (burbee, I think people call it - we called it strikeout). He would come out for smoke breaks, watch us, chat with us, and cheer us on. What an awesome human being.
$C: I remember my Elementary school custodian, dude was super chill and insanely cool. He would love talking to us about basketball, music, videogames, tv shows, etc. I remember when my brother and I were collecting Pepsi bottle caps for their promotion where you type in the codes on their site and bank the codes for different things. Forgot what we wanted to save up for, think it was the original Sims, but the janitor walked past me one day drinking a Pepsi, so I asked him if I could have the cap after he was done. He was like "Sure, are you collecting them or something?", I told him why I wanted it, and he showed up in my classroom with a plastic bag full of caps. Was such a cool thing to do, someone already claimed the game from the site, so we just ended up buying it from Walmart and spending the code points on shitty Pepsi branded accessories; think it was a wallet and dufflebag. 
$C: As a custodian at a retirement home, I approve of this. 
$C: This is awesome.

I used to be a custodian at an elementary school, and the kids loved us (4 total). Teachers showed real appreciation when we cleaned their room, and I definitely felt like it made me want to perform better.

I’m now a custodian at a High school. While it is easier at times, I’d say most of the teachers don’t give a shit about us. The kids, especially have no respect (not really a surprise). One particular teacher in my area couldn’t give one shit about his room. I’m talking one time there was an entire bowl of oatmeal face down in the floor. Makes me not want to care about his room at all.
$C: The department I teach with collects $50 from each of us (completely voluntary) for our custodian. There are nine of us.  It comes out to about $450. She is the greatest. We also have a music department banquet at the end of the year, which we invited her to and she brought her family. They loved it. 

Every year we have a Halloween party for the kids and we give her extra money on the side to come in and help us clean up. 

One time she brought her son up to school so my coworker could have a talk with him about getting off his ass and getting a job and contributing. Her son at the time was college age. My coworker is male and she felt he was lacking a male figure at home. 

She also speaks only Spanish. I wish I could talk to her. Sometimes I have students translate. 
$C: I feel like kids are so pure of heart, when we get older we become complacent and grumpy.
$C: Aw, I want to hug them all.
$C: "God I hate these f\*cking kids"
$C: "God not this shit again"
$C: We had the coolest custodian in elementary school!  He loved to sing and all of us kids thought he as the best (in hindsight he was probably not that good).   When it was someone’s birthday, he would get on the stage (which was in the cafeteria and always had a microphone set up) and sing happy birthday during  the student’s lunch.  He also performed “ A Whole New World” from Aladdin one year at our talent show lol.  I wish I could remember his name!  Edited to add, his name as Mr. Davis!
$C: I can’t wait to see what Ellen gives him
$C: Wow. The school... good school.
$C: [video link.](https://youtu.be/C_jbFvBCGd4) 
$C: I can't remember 90% of my grade school teacher's names...but I do remember Willy and Tony, our custodians. 

They were never without a joke to tell or a smile to share. I hope they are still smiling somewhere now. 
$C: u/flamingred91 
$C: I love this man
Never expecting to be on anyone’s radar on his birthday and BAM!¡ the feelz
$C: Can we start a go fund me for this guy. Idk anything about his situation but he deserves more money for the joy he brings to these kids and you can see behind those tears how much this means to him, he probably hasn’t had a real birthday in a long time 
$C: He's like "Oh shit. Now I have to clean this mess up."
$C: I’m friends with the custodian because he always has the best stories. There’s not even a trash can in my office so he doesn’t do much specifically for me, but he knows if someone ran out of TP and wiped with a deck of Pokémon cards and tried to flush them down the toilet I want to know about it. Although I clean up after myself I’m a regular stop on his cleaning route.
$C: When i was in high school i made it a small mission to talk to the custodians whenever i could. They didnt speak to us students a lot and they seemed a bit ignored. I became friends with two of them and pretty much talked to them every day. I even gave him my football picture and he put it on his fridge at home. One day a couple years ago  i graduated i ran into him while grocery shopping. Him and his wife were so happy to see me. They were thankful i took time to talk to them. They said they hated the job because they got ignored all the time but i helped them like it more. Custodians are just people too!!
$C: I'm currently in highschool and in school my gym is the same room as the lunch room and I have gym after lunch, so every day I help our custodian clean up along with 2 other people 
$C: Mr Bill from my elementary school always showed up magic tricks and that was like back in 00s. I’m 23 now! Cool thing, my sister who is 11 knows who he is too and talks about his tricks. Badass. 
$C: You can't hate this. It's just not possible
$C: My senior class co-dedicated to a member of our maintenance staff.  Gerald you are the man. 'OPC 08
$C: It’s amazing how powerful an expression of love can be. Thanks for sharing this! 
$C: Where can i full the full video or news?
$C: I wish we’d have done that for our campus monitor. Dude was the coolest, and always served as a positive role model for the boys that lived in the surrounding neighborhood that was beyond poor. Mr James kicked ass, I hope he’s retired by now, and enjoying the fruits of his hard work. 
$C: Had a preschool caretaker nicknamed Mr. Fix-It! Never knew his real name but we loved him. 
$C: Boy Scout camp. The ranger. To this day the hardest working (and fast!) guy I’ve ever known. 

We gave him a standing ovation. It’s tough for modest men to take praise. 
$C: Fuck...right in the feels 
$C: Support staff such as custodians, secretaries, school nurses, etc are THE MOST important people within the school. Without them, the school couldn’t function! This gif makes me happy. 
$C: Amazing.  Made my day.
$C: You know I came in expecting to see kids throwing up confetti or something like that and internally the Janitorial custodian would say.

"God damn kids now I gotta clean this up and they fucking threw it everywhere."

I'm also glad they didn't have any party confetti or party poppers.
$C: Dude better get a raise
$C: Was expecting to see a 9ft warrior clad in golden armour 
$C: Wish I could upvote this more ....wow....maybe the kids can save us
$C: I shit you not, my custodian’s name was Jimmy Drain. He was awesome. He had that ring full of keys and one I remember was a knife that looked like a key. I’m still trying to find that. He was so cool. 
$C: My elementary school was shit so this is is relieving to see!
$C: When I was in elementary school, our custodian yelled angrily at everyone
$C: I never see enough of these kinds of things on the news. 
$C: My dad has switched between being a high school and elementary custodian all my life, and I can confirm he's pretty loved! Every single year he always gets extra Christmas gifts from the teachers and students with really nice notes about how hard he works and how dedicated he is (:
$C: Shitttt that's fucking tight
$C: MC Ride? 
$C: Jesus hfxt this sub is giving me ghost limb feels for appendages I thought long gone.  Thanks Reddit.  The world needs more warm blood. 
$C: This is beautiful. 
$C: he looks like Mc. Ride
$C: Elementary school custodians are the best. We threw ours a birthday party when he turned 40 and the whole school turned out to support him. His mom found a cape he used to wear when he was a kid in the attic and gave it to him. 
$C:  Has anyone met an asshole Custodian? I never have. Especially in education or the service industry. 

 I’ve met socially awkward ones, and those that don’t speak the main language. Yet I never met one that was a straight dick, bitch, or asshole. 

 Which makes me angry when people do the worse, degrade, or play pranks on service workers. Or don’t clean after themselves. 

 I remember at one of my first jobs at a Super Market. I came in early and found my manager in the camera room watching tape, trying to figure out who ninja shat in the Canned Vegetable aisle. 

 It was a busy aisle with a lot of people at a bad security angle. We pinpointed someone in a dress literally shit on the floor at a grocery store, with ten people around, and acted like nothing happened. Basically the turd just appeared on the floor, and she continued to push the cart. She dropped two turds later at the end, but again our view was obstructed by people. Basically we scanned the ground and saw who did it.

 Then my boss left to go talk to the GM on the phone, and I continued watching the tape and saw the Head Porter Mr. Ed, come in. He didn’t flinch or hesitate, and just cleaned it up like it was an other day. I saw him go in the back, clean up, and switch clothes. That is when I first realized it WAS an other day for him. The man never complained, once, about anything. He was still the nicest person around, and had more integrity compared to nearly anyone else I met. I always figured most of the stuff was broken glass and garbage - maybe a few people who puked. Never people who literally took a secret dump. 

 Later I learned it happened at least twice a year. The bathrooms were war zones compared to what I just typed. 

 I don’t know if I have a point outside of the fact that it irritates me how disrespectful people are. Just because someone cleans up shit - doesn’t mean you can shit on them. Someone always has to pick up the mess, everywhere. So at least be conscious of the mess you make. 

 

 
 
$C: Hard to see what did they surprise him with?
$C: Anyone have the source video for this?
$C: That dude needed that.
$C: I didn't know MC Ride was a janitor.
$C: this is adorable :’)
$C: I was raised (in Australia) to get your teacher something at the end of the year, usually a box of chocolates to say thank you for teaching me. Also a thank you from the parents for putting up with their child. My last year at the school I (my mum) also got the beloved gardener a box as well, he was so happy it has stayed with me ever since.

Gardeners, custodians, bus drivers, cafeteria, admin, IT workers should always be thanked. 
$C: My dad is a custodian/maitainence guy for the school district here. I showed him this and he's a pretty reserved guy but I saw a smile crack his face today cause of this. 
$C: Dude this needs to be on r/humansbeingbros
$C: At least he had one beautiful day in life...
$C: Janitor here. It sucks. If you’re lucky, you can be baked all the time
$C: I hope they didn't expect him to clean up after the party.
$C: Why isn't he wearing any pants around the kids?! 
$C: This just made my day! Thanks for sharing
$C: "These godamn kinds wont leave me alone"
$C: The elementary school I went to had a open house last year for the school being open for 100 years. I went to check out my old school and for the memories. It was amazing.  Well I walked in the front door and the custodian still worked there. I'm 32 years old and haven't been to that place in about 20 years and she called me by my name. I was so surprised that she remembered me and not only me but my classmates too.
$C: I think that's what I was missing as a supply caretaker. I could not do it for very long simply because the shift was 3:30pm to 11:30pm and a different location every day. Always alone, cleaning shit up. If there was any chance of me getting full time in a year I would have stayed, but even then it was likely to get the night shift. 

&#x200B;

It is such a miserable job when you aren't having any human interaction whatsoever. Nobody enjoys scrubbing floors and shitters without a soul in sight. 
$C: Thank the custodian 
$C: Wow Respect !!
$C: Damn, I still remember my elementary school custodian, Mr. Carlton. We had our own handshake.
$C: My mom is a teacher at the elementary school I went to, and her room's custodian was the nicest man I'd ever met. When he found out how much I liked birds, he surprised me with an old book about birds of the world. I still have that book, and when I look through it I think of him. He was a good man. 
$C: I remember my jr high custodian. Her name was pinky. She lived in a pretty nice trailer directly in front of the school. There was a point I lived outside the district and would have to get dropped off extremely early. Pinky would he the first person there. She would unlock the doors invite me in buy me a soda and snack and I would help her out. I'll always remember how awesome she was and how everyone in the school respected her. 
$C: I'd be down for having Mr Grips as a custodian
$C: This warms my heart. 
$C: Love it!! Wish all news was like this
$C: This is the best! We had one of these amazing guys in elementary school. He did a little more then just the custodial services but he was in charge of lunch time, the crossing guard area where 5th graders crossed the young ones. We started sending him to Disney Land for like a week or so once a year as a thank you when I was there. 
$C: I love his reaction, you can tell it meant a lot to him.
$C: Our custodian’s name was Ken. Everybody loved him and would always ask, “Hey Ken, where’s Barbie?” And he’s always have some cool location to rattle off. But since I never played with dolls as a kid, and neither did my sisters, I only realized why we asked him that several years later...
$C: We had a custodian at my middle school who’s last name was Coffee. Coffee was related to one of the students somehow and he was generally liked and was funny and such. Only memory I have of him is me not being able to open a gogurt in kindergarten and it exploding in his face :)
$C: Why is it that school custodians are always the coolest?
$C: I was told two things when I became a teacher: join a union and take care of the custodian and office staff cause they run the school. Truer words were never spoken. 
$C: Supreme leader?
$C: Man Tony the Custodian at my elementary was such an awesome guy. My dentist and he look very alike so it brings back good memories when I go get my tooth worked on!
$C: New York City you had to get a degree or some certification from a legit trade school to be a custodian. More that just cleaning. Handling the heating, A/Cs, maintenance of everything.
$C: We had an amazing custodian at my elementary school, I don’t recall his actual name but he went by Corky and he was an awesome guy 

He was an amazing jazz drummer and I very fondly remember, on one of his last days before retirement, he brought his drum kit into the gym and proceeded to play an absolutely killer like 10 minute solo for all of us K-6th graders 
One of my favorite moments as a kid
$C: This is Stephen Miller's nightmare.
$C: My school janitor used to eye all the 7th/8th grade girls so we called him Chester the Molester
$C: "How's that g.p.a.? Keep it up up up up up!"
$C: That's awesome
$C: It ain't about the job ... It's about the passion in the grind ...
$C: THIS IS THE SWEETEST SHIT I’VE EVER SEEN 
$C: I went to a small private school and there was one custodian who worked during the day he didnt speak much so i thought that he was silent but i knew he talked id like to make scenarios in my head. id always smile at him and appreciate what he does. 
$C: This is strange to me, where I live the custodians don’t start work until the kids have left. What do the custodians do all day when there are kids in the classrooms they need to clean? 
$C: I used to sit at a lunch table with a kid who always left his food and garbage behind. He said “if I don’t leave garbage behind then the custodian won’t have any job to do.” I just cleaned up his garbage because I’m too much of a pussy to confront him about it
$C: I remember my 6th grade custodian, he could play the guitar and ine time came up in our talent show and starting playing the acoustic guitar.
$C: It is really nice to see a positive video from a small Alabama town. 
$C: This warms my heart
$C: Since everyone is sharing custodian stories I'll add mine. There was a fight at lunch in 7th grade between two of the biggest kids in school. Lineman type body probably already 200. One was kind of buff too not just fat. So anyways the custodian who is probably 5'8, 160 give or take atheltic and muscular but not big by any stretch of the imagination I remember being taller than him, runs over and gets between the two and pushes them apart with such ease, like he was doing a simple bench press. That's what the buzz at school was not if kid 1 or 2 won the fight how Tim beat both their asses without breaking a sweat.
$C: Poor guy, he's gonna have to clean that whole gym since they weren't wearing their gym clothes.
$C: 😭
$C: Source?

$C: Haven’t you guys seen Joe Dirt you probably just blew his witness protection!
$C: I still remember a custodian from my elementary school he was kind and funny- he could mimic Daffy Duck to a T. Perfect. I’m 23 now and that was long ago. 
$C: My mighty heart is breaking 
$C: The janitor at my elementary school was called Mister Billy by all of us kids.  He high-fived every kid who walked by and taught us how to snap our fingers by slinging our hands back and forth.  He was in a bad car accident a few years later and had to quit his job.
$C: When every kid yells; you're my daddy! 
$C: At my school, Mr. James was the beloved older custodian. Three classrooms got to send one kid a day to go raise the flag and say the pledge in the parking lot everyday with him. He ended up having to retire around my third grade year for health reasons, but word would spread so quickly when he came for visits. Kids would be so hyped to even just catch a glimpse of him. He was basically a celebrity in our eyes, right up there with Bus Drivers and the school Librarian. 
$C: Years ago I was a custodian at a very large national chain of Gyms. Most everybody was pretty chill towards me and tried to make my job easier any little way they could.

I would have loved this!
$C: He looks so chill

$C: You’re making me really sad that Mr. Jim died. He was the best. 
$C: I've always been taught to treat the janitor with the same respect as the CEO. 

Janitors see what you throw away.
$C: I remember my elementary custodians. There were 4 of them total. 3 of them all had the same last name of Mr Huntington. They would let us clean tables after lunch and would give us candy for it. On the last day of school, instead of one or two pieces, he let us finish off the container. They were all great in their own ways. 
$C: I’ve moved 8 times in my life so I’ve been to 8 different schools

In all of them no one thanks the custodians or lunch lady’s ( not that I’ve seen at least, i means probably a few other people, but not enough)

They always have told me when I’m about to move that it means so much to them
$C: I had a boss once who set up a fancy Christmas bash one year. Paid for everything out of his own pocket (upwards of $10k-top shelf, open bar) he made sure that everyone, including the custodial staff was invited. He was never an easy person to work for, but damned if he didn't make sure every person who worked there feel valued.

Our janitors and cleaning ladies ADORED him. 
$C: Oh god that is so very cool.  
$C: Custodians are the best, especially in elementary school. We had a custodian named Mike, who had the GREATEST beard you will ever see. Everyone one loved him, he was always hard working. Even when he had a broken arm (I remember seeing his arm in a cast) he stilled showed up and did his job, he was great.
$C: Amazing :)
$C: It seems like everyone likes school custodians? In most of my schools, the janitor was always loved by the students
$C: I know there’s like a shared belief that kids dislike or make fun of custodians.  But, in my experience kids look up to and really like their custodians, sometimes more than most teachers.  
$C: I didn't see the door at first, so I thought he was scared of them, and trying to hide in the corner 😂
$C: Any body got any of that sound? Like the original video would be nice.
$C: Kids being bros.
$C: We had two Janitors at our High School, Bruce and Fast Eddy. Bruce was well loved by everyone. He was charismatic, good looking, and always upbeat. Fast Eddy was overweight, ugly and bald. I always felt bad for Fast Eddy because Bruce got all the praise and attention. Bruce had a day for him at the school, newspaper articles, he was a member of the community. But I swear I don't ever remember seeing him actually clean. He would chat it up with the teachers and high 5 all the students (giving the nicknames). Meanwhile fast eddy was doing most the work and people either ignored him or made jokes about him.
$C: This thread is so awesome. Thanks to all the custodians/School staff in general out there who play important roles in students lives that they may sometimes not even be aware of. 
$C: my middle school had a janitor/maintenance guy that we all loved. it was a very small charter school and they added the grades as we went, making us the first graduating class of that school. he would always talk to us and he’d always be impressed with how tall i was getting. he taught karate after school and volunteered to help in plenty of school events. he had a big emotional speech on our last day and it truly felt like we were losing a friend.

anyways, turned out he was molesting, raping, and sodomizing multiple students all the while. so fuck him and may he rot in hell for taking advantage of a youth that saw him as a friend
$C: Dude I was not ready for these feels this gave me. There needs to be a label like NSFW for stuff like this. Teared up a little...


OK I teared up a lot :(
$C: I remember having a insanely talented custodian in high school- he would occasionally sing and wow, it would make you feel so blessed. His voice carriers so well and he hit so many amazing notes (operatic almost) He was a gentleman and had the perfect timing as far as needed fixes too!
$C: We called our high school custodian smoke a bowl joel lol was a good guy
$C: Tearing up man... tearing up... love this ❤️
$C: Omg, that guy, choked me up.
$C: Shit I thought i was the only one in elementary school who was friends with the janitor.  I think his name was Chuck.  Really nice guy and didn't yell at me when I puked.
$C: We had a great custodian, too! He got sick once and we were so scared. This had me choked up. 
$C: My elementary school custodian was a mean sumgun.
$C: This is fucking adorable 
$C: ITT: how great everyone’s custodians were.

Where the fuck were my cool custodians?
$C: Amazing!!
$C: I've cried that easily many times. He must be worn thin. 
$C: My school custodian played basketball with us, and he would constantly dunk on all of the kids
$C: Username doesn’t check out 
$C: The world needs more if this...
$C: Omg its hot janitor!!
$C: Who remembers "Hot Janitor"?
$C: I wish we could all have and hear about more beautiful moments like this. This is what and who we are. We are pretty rad most of the time. Well done!!!!
$C: Nice. NICE. Would love to hear with audio. 
$C: Link with sound, please?
$C: The grinch shirt tops it all off.
$C: I saw my school custodian walk in, piss, and leave w/o washing his hands :/
$C: I love it when grown men cry happy tears. 
$C: I'm so happy its a thing across the world that elementary students all loved their custodians.

We had 2 custodians named Mr. Bob. They were both wonderful people. I remember we mostly loved the tall one though.

One day during lunch my principal came on the microphone and we were thanking our favorite teachers and we ended up thanking Mr. Bob, and he was cleaning the kitchen of the lunch room, he looked at us like "wut" and we all cheered for him. It made me so happy even as a little kid.
$C: Absolutely beautiful
$C: I can’t stop watching this. Makes me so happy.
$C: That gave me goosebumps.  
$C: The custodians and lunch workers at my school were some of the coolest people there. They remembered faces and were always talkative. I wish my introverted ass spoke to them more. 
$C: In my elementary school, our custodian was Mr. Ule.  From what I recall he was a big strong dude, and doubled as a bouncer and fight break-up-er.  Everyone loved him so when he had to escort the problem children (frequent offenders) to the principal’s office, they really didn’t put up a stink about it, it was a chance to hang out with a legend 1-on-1 for a few minutes.  
$C: Seems like everyone should take 10 minutes out of their day to bite the bullet & just CALL those old schools to say thank you!!! 

I was just talking about this with a friend-- think of all the enormous and remembered and beloved adults in your primary education: How many have you thanked? 

It's so easy to just go through life accidentally forgetting all these great sideline figures who have made our lives nice. And it takes so little time to make them feel honored! It's so worth it. HUGE return for the small amount of effort invested.
$C: Adding on to the My Custodian Was Super Cool Too thread:

My elementary school custodians were Oliver and Judy. Judy I think was more night shift, or at least I didn't see her nearly as often. She was really nice to us kids and love to say hi. If she was brave enough you'd get to chat with her a little bit, too. 

And then there's Oliver. He was famous among us students, he even got whiteboard graffiti fanart. If he was walking through the school and was spotted, the kids knew his greeting: to lean back, point, and say "WHAZZUUUUPP!!" It didnt matter if we were to be silent while walking through the halls; Oliver was reason enough to break that silence to say Whazzup. 

On another note: I love the smiles the kids have after the camera zooms in
$C: Or janitor if you want to be a dick about it 
$C:  Look at me! I'm Milhouse, I tuck my shirt into me underpants. I've got no friends, so I confide in Willie! 
$C: And someone just realized that their existence matters.
$C: Thia reminds me of my elementary school custodian. He was an awesome dude but died of a heart problem while i was still there. The school bought a jungle gym thing and named it in his honour so he could continue to make everyone happy. 
$C: Thanks for the reminder of how much I adored Ms. Darlene. She had the best smile. 
$C: Can we get the video?
$C: worthless with out audio. gah!
$C: When I was in elementary school my mom was super into the PTA thing.  At the end of the year of my final year, they had a couple hundred bucks left over in the budget.  Instead of doing something cliche with it like a pizza party they scheduled an assembly, called the janitor up to the podium and presented him with a gift card that easily had to be more than one of his paychecks and a plaque and everything else.  Dude would always, without question, go the extra mile, stay late, clean early...anything.

Come to to find out, it was his first anniversary with his wife in a couple of days and he had no idea how he was going to afford to be able to do anything.  Prayer answered.
$C: Bring on the tears!
$C: His reaction though 😃
$C: Sheeeiiiit
$C: School Custodians were always the nicest people in the school. The custodian for my old elementary school died recently, but when he was alive, he was literally the kindest and most caring person who was employed at that school.   Those guys are the real heroes. 
$C: Love
$C: This is the stuff I want to see. Very sweet. 
$C: Wow I can't believe MC Ride works at that school
$C: What really would have been the cherry on top is if ballons fell, streamers were thrown..... .and Confetti was used. I'd like to see his reaction then xD
$C: Feeelllss
$C: We had Mr. Rushton. Once he retired he became a crossing guard right outside one of the other elementary schools in the area; just couldn’t leave the kids. Was super dedicated and just a pleasant pleasant man. All I can really remember though is the stunt he pulled that won over each new class. One recess near the end the school year, he’d get on top of the roof with a push broom and all the lost balls from that year would come tumbling down. Good on ya, Mr. Rushton 
$C: Noodles from the The Offspring was a custodian back in the heyday of the band
$C: Thank you! I needed to see this and have my cold heart warmed a bit!

Cheers! 
$C: Sweet. 
$C: I teach game design and development in after school programs and summer camps. 

Especially for the summer camps (only 1 week long) that are held at puplic school locations, custodians are such a huge help for me and the kids.

The last day of camps are a "pizza day."

I always budget at least 1 pizza too many so the custodians have a free lunch.

They still work hard (perhaps harder) during the summer breaks

$C: Tugging at my feels here. 
$C: I have that shirt !

$C: Yooooo!!! We did that in like 2nd grade for a janitor that was retiring. We got him an eagles jersey with his last name on the back and cheered for him. I love this a lot janitors are dope cleaning up after people’s shit
$C: Coolstodians
$C: Our custodian was an older black guy with a while beard who we called Soul Man. He would always wear cool old Jesus tee shirts, was super nice to everyone, and hummed while he walked up and down the lunch room with his broom getting high fives from all the kids. He was so awesome and I found out after graduating that he had been volunteering all the years he was there. He passed away some ago and I still think about Soul Man from time to time. 
$C: my grandmother was the janitor at an elementary school. She was so popular they had "Martha Day" every year.
$C: Must be so amazing to have confirmed that you're appreciated. I say "you're" and not "your work" because we all know these younglings like him for him. 
$C: I like this a lot. Just because he's the custodian does not mean he's any less or any more than all of us. He is somebody to all these kids, and this reaction is terrific. Definitely a special moment for him.
$C: My grandpa was the head custodian at one of the elementary schools in my town. He was the best man. All the kids loved him. I went to a different elementary but  I met some of the former students from his elementary once we integrated into junior high and high school. When people found out he was my grandpa I was always told how lucky I was. And I truly felt lucky. It was awesome to meet people who loved him like I did.  When he passed away former students and teachers came to his funeral even though he’d been retired for almost 20 years. Watching this made me so happy. 
$C: In my school a custodian shook a kid violently, and was fired and arrested for heroin use.
$C: Does anyone have a link to this full video?

&#x200B;
$C: Like many in this thread our custodian was one of the kindest, funniest, hard working people in our school, just an all around genuine human. He'd always be talking to kids in the halls, just having fun and being a bro, even years later he still remembered me when he came to a Best Buy I worked at to buy a printer. 

The only time you'd see him in a classroom is when a kid would vomit during class and he'd always walk in Kramer style and say, "Do I need a fork or a straw."

Mr. Pat was a great guy.
$C: It’s cause it’s James Harden.
$C: My mom was a teacher at my high school and the custodian would always bring me Gatorades and popcorn from their break room while I was waiting on my mom to get done grading papers. She'd sneak me some candy too like a grandma.  
$C: i miss these days. now that i'm in high school, everyone seems to love doing things that make their jobs harder and can be disrespectful.
$C: First, I cried when I saw this earlier. For so many reasons. I love that they thought enough of him to recognize the hard work he puts in. That these kids are being taught to value *every* member of a community no matter their job. That students are being taught the importance of those around them. 

Second, we have a custodian that has been at our school for years and years. Everyone knows him and loves him. Last year a couple of boys clogged a sink and overflowed it and we're given the option of 2 days OSS or one day helping the custodian clean the building. All three agreed to help clean. One was brought in after an hour and the custodian said he couldn't keep up. All 3 kids still talk about how hard the custodians work. 
$C: So heartwarming. :3
$C: I clean carpets and people look down on you and society tells you to be somewhat ashamed, but when someone shows you they care it feels great,being in housekeeping is an important job, don't look down on them
$C: Our custodian was this awesome guy everyone loved. He was always playing small pranks on kids and teachers and making people laugh. The kindest, happiest guy. 

When I graduated high school I got a job that happened to be working with him as a salesman - it destroying all I knew as a child. The guy was a borderline alchoholic, swore, cursed, told rude jokes and smoked like anything. A perfect gentleman when he was with a customer, and still hell of a lot of fun to be around but for different reasons. 

He also told me of all the school / teacher / parental affairs, parties they had etc. 
$C: Thanks. I needed that.
$C: I drew a comic book for my custodian staff, the one with the mullet had to be the villain but I think he understood the optics of it all haha.
$C: My elementary custodian was Big Mike. You always knew when Big Mike had gone to the bathroom because he would leave a dookie in the toilets that was the size of skinny watermelon. 
$C: This is one of those moments that shows off humanity's best qualities in spite of it's worst. Like no doubt this dude has been the butt of jokes, but when push comes to shove, not a person in there doesn't appreciate what he does and acknowledges the essential service he provides. It's cool someone took to time to organize a moment to show the latter in a career where I'm sure he feels a lot more of the former. 
$C: “I’m waaay too high for this shit”
$C: That's so dope. I mean sweet and kind. 
$C: Hello, Australia here. We don’t have these people named custodians.
From what I can tell he/she is the caretaker of the grounds? Great vid btw.
$C: noo i cant pay that much child support
$C: Cried. 
$C: This made my day!
$C: Well this is the cutest fucking thing I’ve seen all day. 
$C: He’s really putting his head in his hands thinking how much dirtier the gym was gonna be now that there are 500 kids in it. 
$C: This was my elementary school! 
$C: He’s crying because he knows he has to clean up afterwards.....jk I usually resort to stupid jokes to hide my true emotions, this made me cry happy tears 😭
$C: My middle school was kind of rough. Our class was always in trouble for fights and stuff and most of the kids hated most of the teachers but the custodian everyone respected. Everyone liked the custodian thought that was something everyone agreed on. 
$C: I've learned so much from my elementary school custodian. She would often pull the fire alarm and steal things while people were outside.....
They caught her only five years after she had been consistantly doing this
$C: Man. What is with elementary school custodians and being awesome?

My elementary school custodian started an after school band for kids to join. He was an awesome bass player and wanted to teach kids how to jam. Two other kids and I joined the band, so we had two trumpet players, a pianist, and a bass player. We actually wrote a song or two and performed at a school assembly. One of my coolest experiences as a kid. 

I wish we could have done something like this for him. S/O to Mr. Paul, you helped set me down a path of playing music that I'm still on to this day. 
$C: Our custodian was named Julio.

To us elementary school students, Julio was the **coolest** dude ever! Always smiling, always making jokes, always always always had a second to say hi and give you a high five. 

We had these frozen fruit desserts called “Shape-Ups”, pyramid shaped bricks of grape or lemon juice. Julio would stand at the head of the cafeteria to open up your shape up and of course all the kids lined up have the honor. Julio would always take the time to take your Shape Up, throw it up in the air, spin it and rip off the tab on the container with the flair of a expert juggler.

That’s damn near 25 years ago; I don’t remember half of my teachers let alone most of my fellow students but I’ll never forget Julio.

Wherever you are, Julio - you were the man and you were loved. Thank you.
$C: I still remember my custodian from 22 years ago. Mr. Washington. 
$C: In grade school, one of our custodians Mr. Bobby, was the kindest, most easy-going elderly men I've ever met. He would always smoke a pipe up at the church but never on the school grounds (went to a Catholic school) and you could always smell that sweet Virginia tobacco pipe from the playground. When i smell that scent now, it always reminds me of him.
$C: I can’t. I just can’t. It’s too sweet! 
$C: I've been working as a school janitor for almost 4 years and I can say without a doubt there's not better feeling than the kids being kind to me.

This is so nice to see!
$C: I’m not crying in this tea place right now fuck and my eyeliner is very water soluble 
$C: Our custodian in elementary school had these long sideburns and used to dress up like Elvis and perform on special occasions. He was a great guy. He also talked to the boys around 5-6th to talk about hygiene and stuff, and would say “If I missed a shave in the morning I will go home on my lunch break and shave because I hate to look sloppy at work.
$C: In elementary school (1990-1995), we had an older gentleman who was our janitor.  He was very friendly, but also very stern.  He made sure you ate your veggies, and if you didn't, he would give you a hard time.

He also would ask if you were doing your homework, treating your parents well, treating your teachers well, and making sure you were being a good person.

Joe was not very wealthy in monetary amounts, but he was wealthy in his spirit, his heart, and his commitment to the school and the children he was around.  He meant a lot to all the students and I am sure we all meant a lot to him.  Joe has since passed (old age) but he will always be remembered in our hearts.

People who clean (custodians, janitors, what have you) are people like the rest of us and deserve just as much respect and admiration for working hard to provide for themselves and if they have them, their family/loved ones.

It's a dirty job but someone's got to do it.  They deserve much more than they get.
$C: That some genuine astonishment 
$C: When I was in elementary school, we had an awesome, Harley riding,  janitor named Robert. He'd always get the kids to help him clean up the yard and take out the trash, awarding them with school raffle tickets. One year, I drew a picture of him for his birthday. You can tell it choked him up a bit, and he kept it hung in his janitors closet from then on.
$C: damn what happened to mc ride
$C: I don't know how I could have survived Elementary School without our janitor Mr. Coulter. I accidentally brought pocket knives to school on more than one occasion, and he was the hero willing to hold on to it for me until the end of the day. I miss you Mr. Coulter. 
$C: You're the man, Professor!!!!!
$C: Our school custodian was swept away by a tornado while still in his mobile home and killed.  I didn't know him very well and he was usually suspected to have been drinking.
$C: I still remember my elementary school custodian, Mr. Harry. Imagine a younger, happier version of Scruffy from futurama. I used to wear a removable retainer back then and i would take it out to eat. One time I accidentally left it on my plate and threw it away. He spent at least 30 mins digging through garbage until he found it. He saved my folks hundreds of dollars to replace it. Thanks Mr. Harry.
$C: [deleted]
$C: When I grow up one day, I want to be an elementary school custodian. 
$C: I used to teach music and the schools custodian, Mr. Frank, would come in every now and then and sing with the students, especially the younger grades. The students loooooved when he came in and he had a stunning voice, which was so wonderful because he was such a shy person. At the end of the year pep rally,  I invited Mr. Frank to sing with the students and the auditorium erupted in cheers and applause. He was very emotional while he sang and it was such a special moment for everyone. 
$C: This is one of the greatest things to have ever seen.
$C: There was a custodian at my university that was so spunky and nice. We would talk about classes and life. She called me Frank....my names not Frank. I didnt have the heart to correct her, so for four years i lived under a false identity. 
$C: I saw my high school custodian in jail. Was always a chill guy
$C: Everyone loved the custodian at my school. He was known for riding around on a Segway to clean the school, so much so that he was known as “Segway Sam”! He won a citizenship award for serving my school faithfully for so many years. 

Then exactly one year after that it was uncovered that he’d been molesting his very small nephews for many years.
$C: I feel weird. What's a custodian? Is it... like.. a caretaker?
$C: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=C_jbFvBCGd4
$C: Mr Fred if you are still out there... I appreciated your kind heart. Always had a secret candy stash for those who asked. Always had a smile and was very friendly. 
$C: Custodians have to put up with so much; bless their hearts.
$C: Well, in Whoville they say - that the Grinch's small heart grew three sizes that day. 
$C: I have had jobs that included cleaning toilets.  I would like to say nobody gave a shit, but...
$C: We had a custodian named Donny in my elementary school. He was always really sweet. He had a speech impediment from a cleft palate, and he was shy. I remember him as being one of the kindest, gentlest people I've ever known. I was a really anxious kid and something about him was comforting. I took a card to the school one year, thanking him, and left it in the mailbox. I doubt he remembered me. I was a really quiet little girl, but I watched everything. He always hummed while he swept/mopped. 
$C: I just got offered to apply as a custodian type person at a school. this makes me more motivated to get through all the certification to apply.
$C: The custodians at the school i work at are awesome. We have 2 and they are maybe in their 30s and they will occasionally be like "hey we were cleaning the staff room and saw cookies so we swiped a few for you!"

They are kick ass. They also know all the juicy details of what's going on in the building. Also of you help them and do stuff like offer food/snacks you have, they will rush any projects you might have like hanging a bulletin board or fixing a light. Our building only runs because of those two and I do my best to make sure they are appreciated.
$C: I’m in my 50’s and still remember my elementary school custodians. Essie and Mavis. Essie taught me how to double dutch jump rope.
$C: This is so heartwarming to see, especially from kids as young as they are. 

I always make it a habit to speak to the custodian staff at my workplace. However, because I do speak to them every morning, I'm looked at as 'weird'. Okay, if me being respectful and speaking to them as the human beings that they are, then so be it. It baffles me that more folks I work with don't already speak to them. And just because they're custodians, doesn't mean you have to leave your trash all over the place. Ahh, I'm just ranting now. 
$C: That’s beautiful.
$C: Everybody had a school custodian like that.
$C: Mr. Roberts
$C: What did they do after this lol. I would feel so awkward if I were him as time passes
$C: [Video / Mirror that works for all countries, and on mobile](https://streamable.com/2v0dq)
$C: This is so heart melting. Made my day ❤️
$C: Man, I know what that guys feels like most days. People care man, even if they don’t/won’t show it. Keep your chin up brother. ❤️
$C: School janitor story time. 

In elementary school our janitor Jarel was the absolute best. Every day Jarel would do something that just reaffirmed to us that he was a living legend. 

One day they had all us kids go to the assembly room. The lights went black.  Spotlight turns on revealing a disco ball on the stage, and Jarel moonwalks onto stage in full Michael Jackson diamond jacket garb. 

Sometimes at recess, he would take a dollar bill in his hand and run around the grounds with hundreds of kids chasing him, first to catch him got the dollar. 

One year I broke my foot and was in a cast. That didn’t stop me from trying to chase Jarel for the dollar, but I was obviously left behind. Jarel swooped around and picked me up, handed me the dollar, and ran me around with the entire school chasing us. 

My mom dropped me off for school one morning, but as it turned out it was a teacher conference day or something. I wondered around the school for a few mins and discovered Jarel and two other kids!  Their parents didn’t know it was an off day and sent them to school also.  

Jarel being the awesome dude that he was had us hang with him all day, helping him do stuff, and just hanging out at the school talking. He brought us to the cafeteria and made us sandwiches for lunch. We were honorary school janitors for the day, and it was one of the best days of my young life. 

For a long time I was determined to be a school janitor, just because of Jarel. I decided against it because I honestly could never be as great as him in that role, and I thought that would ruin the whole thing for me, every day measuring myself up to him. 

This was all ~20 years ago.  I’m sure he knows, but I wish I could talk to him for five minutes and just let him know how much better our school days were because of him, and how his awesomeness has affected me all these years. 


$C: In elementary school, there was one custodian dude who was just so friendly and chill and he was great. We all knew him by his first name, he knew most of our names (being a smaller school helped I’m sure, lmao) and tbh, I can’t remember why we all thought he was just the coolest dude ever.

But yeah, kids showing respect/gratitude towards people with jobs seen as “lesser” - like custodians, and p much any minimum wage jobs - at an early age is always good.
$C: cute
$C: Easily the most wholesome post I’ve ever seen on Reddit

$C: We had a custodian from Poland and when he got his citizenship the school surprised him. Good guy. 


$C: is that James Harden?
$C: Was it like his birthday or something? Or did they just all get in the gym and throw him some love for the hell of it?
$C: So my grade school custodian was “Mr. Bui” and he would always say “good afternoon” in the morning and “good morning” in the afternoon. 3rd grade me thought it was hilarious. 
$C: You never forget your elementary custodian , 

Mr. T , still thinking of you 

Middle school and highschool, Fuck if i know their names never formally met them 
$C: Any vid with sound? 
$C: Shout out to my old gradeschool custodian, Mr. Fox.

He left when I was maybe in 3rd grade, but the day he retired there was a line as long as possible to get his autograph on a yo-yo (that's right, he left during The Year of the Yo-yo) at recess, which looked like a fox, while still spelling out his name. 
$C: We had Nalorn. Nalorn was a great guy!
$C: In my elementary school the custodian used to pitch for us in games on kickball at recess bc kids suck at pitching. It was awesome, we loved it and he did too. He got way too into it one time when the ball came to him, he picked it up and threw a kid out as the kid rounded third base. But he threw it like a full grown man would throw at a full grown man, not like he was about to nail a nine year old. That ball hit the kid, the kid hit the ground, and the tears started. From both of them. The kid had actually suffered a broken arm from the fall and recess was never the same. We all (broken arm kid included) felt SOOOOOO bad for our adult buddy, I know it must have been super hard on him. 
$C: God bless ya, Mr. Matter, my elementary school janitor. He seemed a little hardcore, but damned if we didn't all know him and get bags of hot Cheetos from him for helping.
$C: Our head custodian in elementary school was a fantastic artist, so the school would put sheets of that colored butcher paper over a big bulletin board in the halls/lunchroom, gave him some chalk pastels and let him have at it. Our town had a gorgeous view of the Organ Mountains so he often drew landscapes with them. Everyone loved him, we would just watch him draw when he was in the cafeteria, and I am kicking myself for forgetting his name.

90% of the custodians/“invisible” workers I’ve known personally have been great people and I’m glad this guy got a full on appreciation party.
$C: Custodians are the unsung heros of education. All of mine were some of the best people in every school I went to. If you wrote them off as a "janitor" you really missed out. This is awesome to see! 
$C: That man, and many other people like him are absolute heroes. My building management crew are 100% responsible for a smooth day. 
$C: man this is beautiful 
$C: We had an amazing custodian when I was in elementary school. He was hilarious and did the best noise impressions. It's was an incredibly traumatizing day when they announced he was hit while on his bike and wouldn't be working at the school anymore because he broke his neck. The replacement just didn't live up to our expectations. I was pretty pumped in my mid twenties when I started working at the hospital and I found out that one of our department's utility workers was that same great custodian! Thanks for being awesome Russell!! 
$C: The custodian at my old elementary school was the best! I remember every Friday after school he would pick a couple grade 7 students, take them onto the roof of the school and they would throw candy to all the kids waiting to be picked up. I have no idea how this was allowed but it made for a good Friday!
$C: Our custodians name was Jerry. Mind you this was the 90s, and the gym would always erupt with Jerry Jerry chants. :) good times.
$C: In elementary school there was a man who I would see every day after school working as a janitor-but in a button down and slacks. I always said hello to him which not many other kids did. We would small talk here and there, seemed like a nice fellow. 

Fast forward to freshman year of high school. First day I am walking through the halls looking at each room number as I pass, as one would expect. As I walk into my Latin 1 class, who do you think was sitting at the teachers desk just smiling at me? Mr. Boris, my elementary school janitor. Guy had 4 different jobs to support his family. Being nice goes a long way sometimes. Love you RayBo!! 
$C: is there a video for this? 
$C: My elementary school custodian got arrested for assaulting a kid. Later found out the kid pulled a knife.

Elementary school.
$C: Oh god my heart
$C: God bless you Jose from Sharp School circa 1994, wherever you are. 
$C: Oh This is awesome
$C: Such a sweet gesture by the kids.
$C: Bro john my old janitor middle school we were smoking and shit and he would warn us about the drug dogs xD he was a g he had cancer poor man hes still okay I believe but he toked up aswell sweet man! 
$C: And what happened then? Well, in Whoville they say, that the custodian’s heart grew three sizes that day. 
$C: I love this
$C: Hahahaha I love how everyone remembers their elementary custodian's names. Mine was Mr. Jim.
I barley remember my 9th grade teachers!


$C: Not getting long story from me but yesssssss
$C: Super Awesome 
$C: /u/stabbot
$C: I love this so much. 


I still remember in elementary school we had a custodian who was the absolute sweetest man. His name was Leon Cross. 


He was so beloved that the school teamed up with him to create the Leon Cross Student of the Month Award. 


Somewhere, I still have a picture of me and my giant haired mother as I received the award. I was beyond proud. That award stuck with me so much that when I started teaching I created my own award for my classes, to go along with the regular awards passed out at the assemblies. It was the Shooting Star award, for the kids who, while maybe not yet academically successful,  were finally starting to recognize and work towards their potential. 


I can't express how much joy it gave me to find out that, the year I left teaching,  another teacher adopted the Shooting Star award to carry on what I started. It felt as though I had accomplished something I never knew I had set out to accomplish.
 

And it's all because of a seed planted by my elementary school custodian.
$C: I’m an elementary school custodian. My school is French ( Canada) and I have lots of fun teasing kids and they like talking to me in English. It’s a fun job. 
$C: Coach George?
$C: Herman was our beloved middle school custodian. He usually rode to school on a bike and my mom and I picked him up several times during bad weather. He was so cool and we all loved him, had him sign out yearbooks. Found out he died some years ago of cancer. Such a sweet man.
$C: As somebody who was a "student of the custodial arts" for a couple years, this is awesome. Most people just look us over and don't respect that the work we do us essential to them.
$C: As a custodian myself this video made me feel good about what I do.  Not the most glamorous job and I wasn’t sure about it when I first started but I can honestly say that I really do love my job and enjoy going to work almost everyday. I say almost because some days can be a real pain in the ass but the same can be said for any job 
$C: We don’t have a cleaning crew in my office. End of the day all garbage is out, place is vacuumed, bathroom cleaned and coffee is ready for the next day.  Didn’t understand until I was older how important these things are!!!!!!
$C: The custodian at my elementary school, Mr. Thomas, was a national treasure. He could whistle any song on demand. He knew every student’s name. Once, when we were working in groups in the hall, Mr. Thomas poked his head out of his office holding a platter of finger sandwiches. He offered everyone in the group a sandwich and sat with us while we ate and worked. It’s one of my only distinct. memories from elementary school. 

Yearssss after leaving, I went back to visit with one of my old teachers. Walking to her class, Mr. Thomas turned the corner and without missing a beat said, “Helloooo, Ms. Morgan. It’s good to see you.”

God I hope he’s not dead. 
$C: this just warms my heart. made me shed a we lil tear
$C: I need more of this :) Heartwarming.  
$C: This is one of the most touching things I have ever seen. Kudos to the kids, but seriously big ups to the custodian. Hes clearly killing it as it job!
$C: I wonder who does all the cleaning up in UK schools. When I went to school, of all 4 of them I went to I never saw a "janitor" at all... Is it just an American thing? I swear we just have a council officer come over to empty the bins, or perhaps he/she was so well hidden nobody ever noticed. 
$C: ".. And his heart grew 3x larger on that day."
$C: r/mademesmile
$C: How sweet is that? This did my heart good. I’ve had a shitty night and this was a little bright spot. 
$C: This makes me feel so good:)
$C: My elementary school custodian worked at my school for roughly 4 years. I talked with him every day while he was doing his thing. Unfortunately he died from cancer the year I was going into high school.
No other kids weren't really sad, but I was sad because I talked with him everyday.
$C: After reading a lot of the comments, am I the asshole for not remembering the custodian's name?
$C: In my highschool we loved our custodian
$C: The custodian army our school is a REALLY tall guy, and everyone likes him.
$C: We loved our custodian at my elementary too. Mr. Tivs. Except his first name was Tivs. Little Indonesian guy. He was hands down the friendliest adult I'd ever met and always smiling and happy to see the kids. Not one person would ever walk past him without yelling "hi Mr. Tivs!!" 
$C: 
Man they missed an opportunity to yell, “SUPPLIES!!!”
$C: I needed this so bad today! 
$C: I think everyone remembers a cool custodian from their childhood.

I wonder how Mr. Mike is doing... 
$C: I'll never forget one day having gone with my mom to pick up my younger sister from grade school at least 5 years after having moved on from that school myself and the custodian, I never remembered his name but I'd know his face anywhere, recognized me still and it was so heartwarming
$C: In my elementary school we had a custodian guy that always smiled and said, bye bye kids have a beautiful day! In some accent I didn't know. If we helped him wipe the tables we got to pick out a nutter butter wafer thingy from the cafeteria, I forget what we called them but damn they were worth wiping tables for and hanging out with Carmen.
$C: There’s always that MVP Janitor
$C: I remember my elementary school custodian, and how amazing it was when he spoke to you. Knew everyone, and he always had a kind word to say. Ten years later, and he popped up on Facebook. Now getting to be his friend on Facebook and seeing how he will still wish all his former students happy birthdays and celebrate their accomplishments, and I'm very happy I got to get to know him in school. 
$C: r/gifsthatstarttoolate?
$C: We had a beloved custodian at my school as well. He would always tell jokes and was super personable, everybody really liked him. I went to a K-8 so I got to know him over several years. He was really into animating and cartoons, even had a gig with possibly working on a Nickelodeon show at one point.

Eventually he was replaced. I wasn't sure why at first. Later a teacher of mine (really a mentor and dear friend) told me that the beloved custodian had been let go. He had been caught in the locker room of the nearby high school jacking off with two fourteen-year-old boys. The school had not publicized this information for several reasons, not least of which because it would have broken everyone's collective heart.
$C: What a fucking beautiful moment 
$C: Somehow this is all the sweeter because the custodian is wearing a grinch shirt!
$C: This is very cool, good on those kids.
$C: I didnt realize everyone was seated and thought he was a giant 
$C: I remember my elementary custodian, he passed away when I was in 5th grade. The school brought in grief counselors and put up a huge plaque with his face. It was the first time I remember being truly sad. 
$C: Our caretaker (similar job) was loved by the whole school. He was a kind generous and giving guy who'd drive round the school giving lifts to injured students in his golf cart. He always has a smile on his face - he worked at the school for years when he finally retired to look after his kids the various cohorts surprised him with flowers and a huge thank you. He cried he was so touched he was that loved. 

I wonder how he's doing now - I hope well
$C: i didnt know stefan burnett was a janitor tf
$C: Awwwwww, his reaction.
$C: This is beautiful 
$C: Our custodian in high school was basically James Brown but playing the bongos instead of singing and playing the organ. I was the percussionist in the school band. We smoked weed and had jam sessions in the band room once a week for about a year. A truly great man.
$C: I’d like to be able to go back to my elementary and middle school custodians to thank them for everything they did.
$C: My dad came along with me to visit a college I was considering during my senior year of high school.

We did the whole campus tour thing and all of the typical stuff you're supposed to do when you visit schools, and I remember him making a very distinct point of talking to all of the grounds and janitorial crew during the entire few hours we spent on campus.

After we finished the tour, he looked at me in the car as we left and said, "I think this is a good school for you to consider.  All of the maintenance and janitorial staff said that the school and faculty treat them very well and respectfully.  You can often tell where an institutions values lie based on how they treat those that are the lowest paid."

My father spent his childhood, from age 4 - 11 or so, in a year-round boarding school that his parents left him at.  He spent several of his christmases with the janitor there because he would always be around for the holidays while all the faculty and other kids went home, so it makes sense that he has always been fond of janitorial staff.

Even so, this has always proved true for me as well, and I think that trying to get honest opinions from custodial level employees of the company they work can tell you a lot that you would not otherwise know.
$C: Best thing I’ve seen in...well..forever. 
$C: My school custodian was beloved until he was found out to be a kid diddler with cameras in the bathrooms
$C: r/happycrowds
$C: “I’m too high for this shit”.
$C: Is that James Harden?
$C: This is awesome! I remember in Elementary school there was one custodian who was super nice and went out of his way to help teachers and students. He knew I was a Bills fan and would give me recordings of the games because I couldn’t watch them at home due to financial issues and silly NFL regional restrictions 
$C: Ahhh there go my freaking allergies acting up again!
$C: r/mademesmile
$C: in my elemetary school we had a janitor that nobody knew the name of but one of his bins had elvis written on it so whenever we passed by we’d shout his name and he’d reply “king of rock and roll baby!” he signed my field day shirt and gave me the keys to the teacher lounge after i won a bet with him
$C: I found the video of this and just bawled- so touching!!!
$C: My custodian in elementary school was this badass army soldier, and when he was sent on his deployment, we had a suprise school assembly. Even though I was little, I can still remember being suprised by this soldier blushing when he walked on stage. He also could do push ups with like 4 kids on his back. Hope he is doing well.
$C: Mrs. Mary was the school custodian at my elementary school. She was always smiling, so kind, and loved greeting the kids in the mornings. Before long breaks like Christmas or thanksgiving she would go and hug the kids going to the exit. She had a food closet she would stock with things like cereal mini packs, crackers, etc. for children who came to school hungry. She is amazing. The world is better because she is here
$C: When I was in Navy bootcamp, there was this really nice older lady in the mess hall who would come around to the tables and serve cookies and such. She learned and memorized everyone's name on her short interactions with us, which had to be close to 150 new recruits every two weeks. At the end of boot, my division came together and bought her one of our divisional tshirts, and then signed it for her as a way to thank her for making our days better. She teared up, and so did some of us. I'm unsure whether she was allowed to keep the shirt. I hope so.
$C: Now this is what Humanity looks like.
$C: More like teachers organize this shit
$C: Shout out to my old school custodian! Miss ya Ed!
$C: Our school custodian was named Tammy she was funny and really short and everyone loved her. Theres something about custodians...
$C: This needs to be the most upvoted thing in reddit
$C: My custodians name was Buddy, but he was nothing of the sort.
$C: This thread is exactly what all of us needed today! 

You get Reddit Gold! You get Reddit Gold! 
You get Reddit Gold! 

Everyone is getting Reddit Gold!!! 

$C: He’s like fuck,

I love yall
$C: Do any of us want more than this? I can't imagine wanting more than this. 
$C: Reminds me of Mr. Vanderkamp, a true fuckin G.  He's putting plastic spiders in his great big beard to give the cancer kids in heaven a Halloween laugh.
$C: Damn. Hats off to their teachers who taught these kids a powerful life lasting lesson of empathy and compassion making them better human beings. 
$C: Oh Man, this is Awesome :')
$C: Why can't I see more shit like this on the news?

I love you reddit.
$C: Awww, I loved our elementary custodian named affectionately "Happy". If we stayed behind to clean tables after lunch, he would give us ice cream sandwiches. He was the most beloved figure on campus. 
$C: awesome
$C: Excuse me but the term is master of the custodial arts
$C: At the school I teach at one of our custodians passed out during a lunch period and had to be taken to the hospital. One of my students (6th grade) cried when they found out what happened. When the custodian came back they literally had students lined up to hug them and explain how worried they were. I don’t remember being that affectionate myself, but it’s really cool to see that now. 
$C: Our elementary school custodian was amazing and we all loved him. He’d hold us upside down over the trash cans if we left trash (which we’d often do to get lifted over the trash can). Even something as dumb as him making a raspberry if anyone said ‘Fiddlesticks,’ it always made all of us laugh. 

Wish I appreciated him more in that time and no idea where he is or what he’s doing now but the fact I remember him from over 20 years ago, just wish he knew that. 
$C: Source???
$C: What a great lesson to kids in treating everyone with respect. Weather you're sweeping floors or running a fortune 500 company. Just be kind to people. 
$C: This is the best thing ever
$C: Our catholic grade school custodian was banging one of the nuns. True story.

We loved him as well.
$C: Idk how reddit does it exactly but I hope one of those reddit things happens where in two weeks we see a, “the surprise bday janitor gifted new car. Taxes paid,” type post 
$C: I still remember my middle school custodian. His name was Snake and he would sell bait as a side gig. He was the coolest.
$C: What is a custodian?
$C: Haha. Those moments.

"No, dammit. I will not cry... g.."
$C: I’m a horrible person and I still think this is wonderful! 
$C: Wow. The custodian at my elementary school got locked up for child molestation. 
$C: Best thing I’ve seen since I’ve been on Reddit. Brings back so many memories and flashbacks. God I love this post. 
$C: When I was in middle school we had this awesome custodian named Phil, he was just so sweet to everyone, one time we were going outside for an activity in Boy Scouts and my brother didn’t have his coat, and Phil let him have his. He had this board you could write on to let him know about broken stuff in the school, and every day we would use it to write him sweet notes to make his day better. Loved that guy.
$C: First clip to bring a tear to my eye in legit forever. Beautiful stuff. 
$C: Our high school custodian looked exactly
Like Elvis. 

He’d flip you the bird if you mentioned it though..
$C: Jim was our custodian. He had the most glorious "Bob Ross" Fro with matching chops. Disco Stu without the creep factor. That guy was aces. 
$C: When I was in high school, we had two custodians, both named Bob. One was fast Bob, the younger, faster one and the other was slow Bob. The older, slower one. 
They really were the backbone of the school and they didn't get thanked enough. 
$C: Shout out to Mr. Wigand at Riverview Elementary. I just found out he passed away four years ago. Such a sweet guy. We had Girl Scout meetings after school and he would always stop in do a quick wave and a smile and go on his way. 
$C: This is the sweetest
$C: There is good in this world.
$C: Ours was Mr. Lee, he was a really old Asian man who didn’t speak much English but he always had these tiny erasers shaped like unicorns and tigers and he would give them out while he was cleaning. Always kind and smiling.
$C: My middle school custodian name was Marv and he was a very strange man. He drove around with a doll in his car with the seatbelt on. He also wore women’s lingerie. Nice person I suppose but I kept my distance
$C: Omg this is so great!!
$C: At my old elementary school the janitor was also the pe teacher and he was the coolest guy ever. We all called him Mr. J
$C: Ken was the best custodian. Jesse loved him. He introduced us to vincent black lightning 1952. The man had class
$C: Beautiful
$C: Jessie poe, he would sing country songs for us when we had assemblies. Everyone loved that guy
$C: Must be a nice break from mopping up puke and wrestling turds out of the John. 
$C: Nice to see my old elementary school in something wholesome rather than a scandal about racism. 
$C: That's awesome. Great to see our kids are still being taught good values and respect.
$C: His reaction: "I'm too high for this shit."
$C: I just ran into my elementary school custodian about three weeks ago! Mr. Perez was just the best and he is still just the kindest man. After I told him my name and who I had for 5th grade her remembered me immediately which just blew me away considering I’m in my mid 20s now. Custodians are the BEST part of elementary school, hands down. 
$C: Shoutout to Mr. p for Doyle 
$C: Scenes like this makes kids all the more precious...before the outside world ruins then.
$C: I'm the facilities director for a school.  It brings great joy when the kids greet me and my co-workers every day.
$C: Feels good man's and women's


$C: I'll never forget my elementary school custodians, a father and son team. They just exuded warmth. It was a Montessori school in Chicago and I think it was probably a great gig, they had a big shop to themselves and always seemed happy. I went to the school for 12 years and they were always the two custodians. Thank you Jose and Andres!
$C: I've worked in custodial positions and can confirm, it can feel like the most thankless and underappreciated job in the world. I've seen a coworker who was thirty years my senior scrub a trail of period blood off of the floor because someone forgot to wear their hygiene product to work. As a hotel housekeeper, I personally cleaned up after what I expect was a pretty interesting orgy scenario involving no less than four people, two beds, at least one fresh-from-the-box personal massager, a trash bin full of adult diapers, and an unknown purple sticky liquid that was literally EVERYWHERE. Kinky bastards didn't even leave a tip. 

Even small acts of kindness (smiles, a thank you, a card on holidays, or tips for housekeepers) can make someone's day and remind them that you acknowledge and appreciate their existence. The people who clean up after us are just that, people. We tend to overlook them but guys like this make our waste ridden lives possible and deserve some love.
$C: We had a lady named Ms. Cynthia. She was one of the kindest and most genuine people I've ever met. I seen her recently and told her how beloved she was. She knew, everyone considered her a friend and would do anything to help because she would do the same. Still, she was humbled by this and told me to take care. This line of work is often thankless, but I'd like to think I'm not the only one who's told her how great she was and how she is remembered. She enjoys retirement now, which is very much deserved, but I feel like a lot of kids missed out on having her as a friendly, smiling face in the hallways. She knew everyone by name and always greeted you like you've been long time friends. Simply put, she was salt of the earth 
$C: Shit yeah! this is awesome.

&#x200B;
$C: R/humansbeingbros
$C: Man the custodian in my elementary school was awesome all the kids and teachers loved him and they even named the auditorium after him when he retired 
$C: He's probably crying because of the mess these little snot nosed kids make when they have an assembly. 

And then he will have to clean their cracker crumbs and juice cup foils up after his own party 
$C: You got me all fucked up over here.  Dam the full video includes him going around giving high fives.  
$C: I can't help but feel that no one has ever done something like that for him, at least not in a very long time; just from his reaction. This makes me so proud of just being a human and gives me more hope for the future. 
$C: This is just awesome. I’ve worked these kinds of jobs my whole life and I can’t believe how many people look down on you. The funny part is it’s always the kinda made or people. Of all my clients, my super rich ones are always super nice and understanding. It’s the ones that think they’ve made it that are assholes. 
$C: Some say the Grinch’s heart grew 6 times that day...
$C: Link to video with sound anyone?
$C: Nice 
$C: I just cleaned those caugh damn floors! 12 hours CINDY! 12 HOURS! 
$C: Back in 5th grade we had a lovely custodian married to my teacher. She was the sweetest and most caring person ever I met. We would bring her a flower and gifts because everyone knew her and loved her. We didn’t see her to often at school for weeks and soon found out she got cancer. Even more devastating is that our teacher was cheating on her with the teacher two doors down the hall. It broke my heart to see her come work and to see her cry in the rooms where they stored all the janitorial supplies. Near the end of our school year we didn’t see her anymore. Our teacher remarried and I went on to 6th wondering what happen to her since. I wish the best for her and happiness to find her way. 
$C: I remember the custodian from the school I went to in kindergarten and first grade - Mr. Odell. He had long gray and white hair with matching beard. He drove a Harley. I remember handing him my lunch tray and seeing all the tattoos of naked women on his arms. I imagine he would get in trouble for that these days!!
$C: He looks like he needed exactly that exactly then
$C: Coolest thing ever 👍🏼
$C: I've had some good custodians, but man the one who took good ol' Mr. Randy's place in 5th grade sure was a dickhead. 
$C: No one really had a relationship with the custodians at my high school, but this sort of reminded me of a sort of “happy for someone” moment. 
After an after school event, the teachers had left over pizza that they were trying to get rid of without throwing it away. And I remember sitting in that hallway waiting for a ride, and the teacher comes up to the custodian who is, of course, helping to clean up, and she asks if the custodian wanted to take home a box of pizza. It actually brought a smile to my face seeing that custodian look so happy to be getting all that food to take home. 
You often never realize that some of the people working behind those jobs aren’t as fortunate to have a good home or perhaps even a full day of meals all the time. I know the situation of every custodian isn’t the same, but I wish you all good fortune and hope that you will all lead good lives. Thanks for keeping the world cleaner and happier. :)
$C: Our high school custodian was definitely the most loved person in that school. She had already been at the school many years before I attended. I haven’t been in that school in 14 years but I remember seeing on the news about 3 years ago that her house had burned down, and several students got it rebuilt for her and surprised her. She just loved kids and seemed to know almost everyone’s names. I believe she’s still working there today. Thank you Brenda for making high school bearable 
$C: I still remember custodian Ken. He was the nicest helper at school.
$C: in my school,custodian work hard
everyday.But we always do not
thank for them ,so my heart aches from  my rudeness.Now I am feeling sorry for them.
$C: That dude *really* just needed a Lil love. This surprise party must've done him in good...
$C: r/humansbeingbros
$C: He was probably told that someone vomited on the gym just to get this surprise.
$C: Weeping with relief that the emergency puke cleanup call he’d received had been false 
$C: AAAAAAAAWW
$C: I wanna say it's fake ( I mean come on, the dude is still holding a mop?) but far to precious of a reaction. 

Good on him for earning such love.
$C: And his heart grew three sizes that day..
$C: God. 
I could t imagine how much that might mean to him
$C: Is that Khalid?
$C: Great teachers >.<
$C: As a new teacher in the same school system as my husband (he’s hs band, I’m elementary music) I’ve been really nervous about making a good impression and I haven’t been able to meet other teachers and start to find friends or anything. 

One day while I was working on my room, putting it together the week before school started (it was a big disaster before I got to it) and a custodian came into my room. He was very cheerful, which I needed that day, and offered to help/take out piles of garbage I was going to take out. 

We chatted for a bit and it turns out that his wife teaches with my husband and I know his kids (one is my husband’s student, was in a musical with the older one as I graduated from this school system). I knew he looked familiar! He’s been at football games and band performances before. Since then, he has been the only person that says hi every time he sees me, asks how I’m doing, and is always in good spirits. Every day after school he asks if I need my carpet vacuumed, and I usually have to say “yes, please, the kinder kids dumped their shoe sand out during the lesson.”

We got hurt by Florence and haven’t been in school since the beginning of September, but the last workday before evac, he helped me move some things to protect them from water damage and didn’t act like I was crazy for trying to use a bunch of trash bags to cover up the gap underneath my outside door so water wouldn’t come right in. (But that doesn’t matter when the water comes in through your roof, which it did). 

I’m dreading my return so much less knowing there will be a smiling face, not another that’s complaining and dreading trying to make up for lost time and compensate for damages in room—and for a helping hand. 
$C: I thought he was wearing a ninja mask
$C: Funny how everybody remembers their janitor in elementary/middle school. I still remember my first janitor carl. One of the coolest guys at school also got me out of about an hours class work each day, had to help clean but anything beats the classroom.
$C: Leave it to children to restore faith in humanity. 
$C: This is awesome, I worked as a custodian for my local school district for about 3 years. the work sucked, cleaning up puke and picking up trash was by no means what I wanted to do with my life but those kids, they made it all worth it. I was very blessed to work for an Intermediate School (5th and 6th grades) besides the one or two teachers who thought you were their servant, the teachers were so good to me, they always gave me gifts on holidays and tons of candy. I got notes from the kids all the time thanking me for keeping the school clean. I really enjoyed working there, but I had a new manager come along and made a lot of changes and not for the better, so I decided to go to work as an Electrician. The money is a lot better lol.
$C: I remember my schools custodians, Mr. Green, Gabo,  and another guy I forgot his name because we met him a when we were a but older. 

My old charter school is closed now,  and that sucks
$C: I have never seen so many upvotes before, that is awesome!!
$C: This made my day! 
$C: Awesome sauce.
$C: We had a custodian that was super well loved during my time in elementary school. His name was Mr. Bell and he was one of the coolest people I've ever met. 12 years later and I still think about him
$C: my university named the campus pub after a custodian. I think thats a really sweet story!
$C: Our senior prank involved leaving piles of fish heads and guts on the window sill of every class room of our 3-story main building. Neglected to think that our beloved janitor, who attended every school sporting event with his family in support of our teams, would have to clean it up.

Our class felt like scumbags as we watched him clean it from a ladder during class. We all chipped in and bought he and his wife gift certificates to several nice restaurants in town. We still all felt like human filth for it, and I learned a lesson about unintended consequences.

TL;DR: If you like your janitor, don't vandalize your school.
$C: I cant wait for robots to replace janitors so i dont have to converse woth tjem when they are cleaning up at work.
$C: My heart
$C: Mr Barney, you were awesome, thank you. 
$C: Imagine if you were the other custodian who worked in the building. 

Johnny worked the halls solo for years, but when he started to get close to retirement, they brought on a new guy to help out. At least that’s what they told Johnny. He knew there was only one reason he was there - to replace him. 

When the principal first told Johnny about Charlie coming on, the principal said, “he’s here to be your assistant. You just tell him what he can do to help you.” 

From the moment Charlie started, Johnny abused this power as much as he could. Nothing was ever good enough. People around him started to notice, and he started getting fewer and fewer smiles in the hallways. A few weeks later a group of kids ran away screaming, “run! Old man Johnny is coming!” when he was walking down the street. 

Eventually, Johnny relented with his treatment of Charlie, but only after he had a meeting with the principal about his behaviour. And, though he really turned things around with Charlie, the damage was done with relationships at the school. Some days he felt like a ghost. 

One day, a couple weeks before retirement, he overheard some teachers talking about an assembly that was going to happen the next day to give the staff member of the month award out; something that was usually only happened in monthly staff meetings. 

Johnny hardly slept that night, and could barely contain his excitement. When he got to school the principal was waiting at the door to meet him and asked if could talk to him in his office for a moment. Gleefully, he agreed, but as she began talking, Johnny’s glee changed to confusion, shock, and disbelief. “I hope this won’t cause you to treat Charlie like you did before” she said. “You’re only a few weeks left before retirement. Please try to be civil.”
$C: This seems in the past tense. He's still the man yeah? Like alive and shit? 
$C: I REMEMBER OUR CUSTODIAN HE WAS SUPER RIPPED AND ALWAYS WAVED AT THE CHILDREN 
$C: Back in school, there was a groundskeeper who was a crusty old man, but clearly loved his job.  He took exemplary care of the trees and foliage on the campus, and if he caught you carving your name or damaging his flowers there was hell to pay.  He was good with the cadets though, and personally got me through my exams by just taking time to talk to me.  I never would have graduated from the academy if not for him.

Boothby, you are well remembered.
$C: EVERY elementary school has a cool janitor, and I love it so much. It teaches kids to respect people no matter what job they have.

My school has Cheecho, and I still think about him all the time 
$C: I still remember the name of the "cool" janitor in my Jr. High from the early70's, Bernie.
$C: "we don't have enough saw dust"
$C: Doesn't even need to be school.   The custodian at my job is among my coworkers someone I consider a friend.  Us being the same nationality was a common thread for very opposite people, but nonetheless a great friendship.
$C: Soo wholesome 🤗🤗🤗
$C: I read all these comments about beloved custodians, how people were taught to thank you custodians and that people made it a point to befriend the custodian.

I am a custodian. I could only wish for any single good treatment you all seem to give custodians. Because lemme tell you, for every good, there are six that treat us like nothing. You all who thank and befriend and ACTUALLY be kind to a custodian, you're making that persons day. It makes this annoyingly thankless job not as bad. I envious your custodian because where I am and similar districts close by, we do not have this.
$C: *Teachers organize students for a surprise party for beloved custodian
$C: I was just thinking about my grade school custodian this morning. Great guy. Still don't know if he knew English. I wonder what Mr. Victor is up to these days.
$C: My elementary school custodian was Mrs. Jenkins. All the teachers beat into our heads to always be polite and thankful to custodial staff. We were, we loved her, and I still remember times during lunch in the cafeteria when she would walk by and tables would erupt in yelling and applause and waving.
$C: r/wholesomememes 
$C: This shit juat made my day
$C: My school's custodian was named Verle.  I'm fairly certain he didn't like children.  He also drove a school bus sometimes.
$C: My high school custodian is currently in jail for attempted abduction and human trafficking. Would have much rather had this fella!
$C: Oddly enough, the father of my aunt who married into my family was a custodian at my elementary school and basically watched me grow up. The first time I met him I thought there was something familiar but couldn’t place it since I hadn’t seen him since I was a kid. The first thing he asked was if I remembered him. I think it’s pretty funny he’s basically family now.
$C: So awesome 
$C: Boothby is that you?
$C: I remember my elementary school custodian stabbed a nutria rat to death with a garbage poker...
$C: And that's why you work where you work- to be around kids! Life is good!!!
$C: This is heartwarming.  It makes me think of a recent news article where some schools are getting rid of school custodians in favor of a company that managers shift workers.  Anyone know what I'm talking about?
$C: reminded me of my favorite janitor https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iPTX39sRYFw
$C: Seeing this over 100k makes me feel so good. There’s so much wrong in this world today and inside myself but everything feels better when you see someone cares. And seeing this many people care about the happiness of this individual who most likely questions his own choices daily, well, my heart just grows over it. All of you special people who see this and upvote, go out and do something similar. We can all make a difference. Beautiful.
$C: I wish we threw our guy a party....Charles... he even filled up our ramen noodles.
$C: We had a custodian named Moe in my school growing up. He was a former boxer and looked like it. Tough, sweet guy with plenty of boxing injuries to show. Man, everyone loved him. Always friendly, hard-working, and a general great role model.
$C: What if all the kids started pelting him with trash and shouting, “we love trash man!!” Let’s raise our kids right. /s
$C: When I was in elementary, our custodian was wearing a boot on a foot he had injurred. When a kid asked him what happened, he said that he broke his foot in somebody's ass. Said that they had to mail him the shoe cause it was stuck in said ass. In my eyes the guy was a legend, but some bitch of a kid narced on him and he was fired shortly after.
$C: Well shit. That brought a painful tear to my dry dusty eye 
$C: As a custodian I love this.

It's nice to see so many comments from people who had a good expirience with their custodial staff at the schools they attended. 

All my friends share the same thought  

"they didn't know or don't remember their custodians".

Which is too bad, I really try to make a fun, safe, memorable expirience for these youngins that they may just remember like these comments.

Have a great day/night everyone! 
$C: This is awesome! Makes my heart super happy!
$C: My schools custodian was incredible to the kids. Everyone knew him by name and he was constantly giving them all high fives and fist bumps and asking us how we were. He was well loved. Recently he passed away due to an illness he couldn’t afford to fix (yes, I’m pretty sure the school donated but it wasn’t enough) and there was a plaque put on the wall for him in the building with all the students he used to see when we were all younger. We all miss Robert. 
$C: I remember seeing the high school custodian Willy at a metal show.. Chill dude offered me a referral to work as a custodian in the same district 
$C: MC Ride looking good in them camos
$C: He walked in with a mop...
They got him in there by telling him a kid vomited or something
$C: A few crappy things happened at my school that made me and my grade very cynical. There was a custodian, Ernie, who was wicked nice to all of us, but he quit. Senior year however, he came back and for some reason, THAT was what cheered a lot of people up. 
$C: I remember my custodian in elementary school was also a magician and would do magic tricks if you asked nicely. He was so loved by the students that they would want to clean tables after lunch with him. 
$C: I never realized everyone had a cool custodian back in elementary school. But that doesn’t take away from Mr.Steve being the best one with all of his funny singing and jokes
$C: God bless 
$C: Must be nice, turns out the nice chubby custodian at my elementary ended up going to jail for distributing child pornography to one of my friends. We still cracks jokes about it to this day.
$C: Looks,like deathgrips
$C: Too many awesome people like this don’t get enough recognition. 
$C: This melted my heart
$C: 122k redditors like that custodian
$C: I guess the Guerrilla failed

$C: Now I love their school custodian too 
$C: One of my high school's custodians caught my girlfriend at the time and I fucking in her car after school. The dude saw my dick, and then regaled us with tales of the times he got caught doing the same with his current wife back when they were kids, and he said we should find a safer place to do it and that he had always wished somebody had been there to keep him out of trouble, brought the dude coffee for the rest of senior year in the mornings, good guy. Never showed me his dick though which is a bit disappointing, missed out on Scout's code.
$C: My father is a custodian. This makes me really happy. :')
$C: Mr. Phil, wherever you are, thank you. You dressing up as Santa every December was awesome because you’d always deny it being you, even though you knew that we knew. Forever a soaring hawk because of you Mr. Phil.
$C: Shout out to my elementary school janitor Mr. Rooney. Guy was wicked nice to me and I always volunteered to help him out. Was saddened when I later found out he passed. 
$C: Link with sound? 
$C: It's good to see people acknowledging sanitary work done by these people. They are hard workers and being clean is important. 
$C: :)
$C: r/MadeMeSmile
$C: I went to a loooot of different schools for various reasons over my childhood. In every single one, the custodians were always my favorites of the adults there. They were all always nice and friendly and easy to talk to and they always worked hard to keep things working and clean for all of us.
They are not appreciated enough for what they do. I wish every school was like the one in this post. 
$C: I just started as a full-time night custodian after doing substitute work for a couple years. I'm fortunate enough to work at a school that really values what we do and the kids can be really helpful. It's awesome to see how many of you guys have fond memories of custodians!
$C: r/mademesmile
$C: This is great ! 

In my school, we were not allowed to talk to him, but he always find a way to show us he was happy to see us. A smile, a kind world, just little things that made us love him even if we didn't reaaly know him.
$C: Excuse me I have something in my eye 
$C: In grade school we had a custodian who had a very noticeable disability. He had an extremely hard time with a lot of things even so much as talking. He was so beyond loved & it was and still is amazing to see how the kids interact with him. He always brings treats for the young ones & they also bring him gifts and surprises all the time. He has a hard time going out in public and doing things as simple as grocery shopping, but when he’s around everyone in the school he lights up and makes everyone’s day better. 
$C: I know I'm late to the party but it was great to hear more stories like this. We had a custodian at my high school named Bo. Everyone loved Bo. I think some kids invited him to hang out after we graduated and he was smart enough to decline hahahaha. 
He was nominated for an award for being a life-changing custodian and it was awesome to see kids from my year and every year share stories of what he had done or meant to them. No way he knows my name but I'll never forget Bo. 
He got married recently. That was awesome too. 

Edit: spelling
$C: WHO THE FUCK IS CUTTING ONIONS AT 11:30 AT NIGHT
$C: Honestly the custoidian (especially in elementary schools) is like the backbone of the school. Good custodian = happy teachers = successful students 
$C: FUCK YEAH SCHOOL CUSTODIANS - WE APPRECIATE YOU
$C: I wish this had sound
$C: I have no idea how old you are, but I used to go to elementary school in Chickasha. As a matter of fact, I was in OKC on a field trip the day the federal building was bombed.. 
$C: I know this will get buried and no one will ever see this, but what I wouldn't give to be a fly on the wall when he got home from work that day and told his family!
$C: I remember our custodian. His name was Franky and had two daughters. Told us he worked for them, and for us. He taught us a lot of values and helped us out with the teachers in elementary. One time I was held back after school because I wasn't finished with my class work. I was so ready to pee my pants that I ran and told my teacher that I was about to run to the restroom. Her thinking I was gonna ditch and not finish my work she said no. She refused to let me leave until I was done. So I told her I was gonna pee myself in her class. She didn't seem to care, so I did.  Franky came and I was so embarrassed. Told him what happened, he chuckled and said "I would've done the same thing" 
$C: In our school the janitors name was eddie, and has was a huge man who could reach his fingers from his mouth out of his nose. He def had some sort of mental impairment but was funny as hell. Tag line " hey eddie what's the joke of the day!? " " YOU ARE!!!!"
Theres more i am afraid i cant do him justice
$C: This is the sweetest thing ever!!! I’m so happy for him. He seems like a cool dude :) so much love in the room. 
$C: If only there was sound so I could cry ever harder over this 
$C: Not crowdfunded pity money. 

Real people doing something real in meatspace -showing they care. 

Real emotions here; this is where the good stuff is. 
$C: In High school I was super friendly with the custodians. They have all the keys. Literally. Pro tip. 
$C: Gotta upvote you brother 
$C: Better than doing Fortnite dances.
$C: The custodians in our high school were hated by everyone. They were overweight, lazy assholes who never did anything. The only time they ever cleaned anything was when someone asked them to, and even then they complained constantly. I remember once during lunch a girl dropped her tray and the custodian was called in to help clean it up. As he walked by my table on his way out of the cafeteria, I heard him say something about "running the little bitch over with my truck." I was not the only one who heard him say it, and he was fired over it. Apparently he thought she had dropped the tray on purpose just so he would have to clean it up.
$C: Shoutout to my elementary school janitor, Mr. Steve, you were the realest. 
$C: Oh man. We LOVED ours. Mr. Mike was hands down one of our favorite people. And Mr. Richard before him was so well loved I made sure my whole family knew him and three generations of our families became friends. These are very, very special people. They deserve the best things. ❤️
$C: This is for all those many unsung heroes of our childhood, sometimes behind the scenes but making our lives better nonetheless. 

;)
$C: Huh, i can't remember any of the schools i attended here in norway ever having custodians. We ever only had janitors fixing stuff, but not custodians.
$C: I am PMSing & this made me burst into tears. What a super sweet gesture & lesson by the kids to appreciate the custodians. 
$C: heart warming!
$C: My best friend's dad has been a custodian at the local school for a long time now. Last year he was given the person of the year award. It was a total surprise and he was so happy he cried.
$C: I remember my elementary school custodian his name was Art and he would teach strength training during an activity week and he was the strongest guy I can remember. He always thought us that it only takes 2.5 lbs of pressure to knock someone out so don't bother fight just aim for the chin. He was the most kind hearted person from my youth but let us all know that bad kids/ people are out there and if someone picksa fight with you this is how you deal with it.   Never used it but still remember it to this day. 
$C: Some party! No cake or place to eat it—I would’ve cried too!
$C: This is the first video I've teared up for other than every Thai commercial I have ever seen. 
$C: my custodian was a bitch 
$C: I remember in 1st grade we were talking about the different school positions. The teacher went around and asked what everyone wanted to be. Kids would choose principal or teacher, but when it was my turn I said janitor because I thought it would be fun to clean up. A few friends followed my lead, too! 
$C: I used to work at target and I had an “emergency” one day so I had to leave early and when I was directly notifying my manager, he said “when you get a real job, you won’t be able to pull stuff like this” in front of several year round team members, kinda felt bad
$C: Showing someone you appreciate and care about them can be the simplest and most enduring act imaginable.
$C: This was awesome 
$C: I love the custodians at our hospital. We leave these rooms pretty horrific sometimes and they come right in, get it looking new and can joke around the whole time with you while cleaning up liters of blood. Awesome awesome folks doing the thankless things others scoff at. Kudos to all them. 
$C: “I am the eyes and ears of this institution”
$C: Beautiful
$C: Okay, thanks for making me cry. 
$C: I wish the students at my school treated the custodians this way. Instead, they falsely accused the nicest, most sincere person I've ever met of rape. After the trial, he was no longer allowed to see his grandson. He committed suicide a month later.

The same girls tried to play the same card on two occasions after that. One was against the principal, who then resigned. The second was against my favorite teacher, whose wife promptly left him.
$C: Custodians are absolutely the best people at any school. They are usually great people and super friendly, at least in my experience. Oh, and of course, they clean up after all of our shit, so you should never take them for granted.
$C: The only time we got close to doing this in school was when the custodian was called into gym class because someone found a used tampon behind the curtain on stage. This is going to sound straight out of r/thathappened but he cleaned up the tampon and everyone cheered for him. 
$C: What are all these different versions of gold?
$C: /r/mademecry
$C: I don't see any cake and to my knowledge, you can't have a party without cake.
$C: I’m not crying STOP STARING AT ME
$C: Why can't people and life be like this more often I just don't understand
$C: I’m not, sniffle sniffle, cry crying at all. How dang sweet. Just what I needed to make me sleep well tonight! 
$C: Great video. 
$C: Anyone with a beard that awesome had to be cool
$C: We did that for our cross walkers  birthday 
$C: I want to hear it!
$C: I love this.
$C: Custidian gets depressed seeing all the children he has to clean from the gymnasium.
$C: Love this. Love how he is so out of his element. It's not often a custodian gets the respect he/she deserves. 
$C: I’m not crying, you’re crying. 
$C: right on the feels
$C: Mr Graben. Third grade. The magical year when we all went on an overnight to his diseased parents farm. It had a piano that played by itself. He had ponies. We played games and had so much fun. This was 1971 and could never happen in this time. There was a boys weekend,and a girls. It was magical and I will never forget. We loved you Mr Gravins.
$C: Man this is fucking awesome. 
$C: r/wholesomegifs
$C: I’m not crying. You’re crying. 
$C: I grew up and went to school in Canada. Right after I graduated I got a job helping the janitors at my highschool get the school cleaned up and ready for the coming school year. I had figured that since it was summer time, there wouldn't be much to do. I was wrong. 

There was lots of sweeping, mopping, scrapping gum off of desks, repainting desks and black boards, patching holes in walls, repainting classrooms and the list went on. 

The janitors themselves were actually really cool and a lot of fun to hangout with. 

I currently live in Taiwan and my wife is a teacher here at a junior high-school. At her school, they have a handyman. He fixed stuff, cuts the grass and waters the flowers. However, when it comes to cleaning the school, that is up to the students. Each class is responsible for cleaning their room and the hallways outside their room. They also take turns cleaning the bathrooms. 

It teaches them responsibility and also cuts down on them making a mess, since they will have to clean it up later. 

I think it's something that would be good for schools in North America to at least try. 

As others have said, always make friends with the secretary. They typically do massive amounts of work but rarely get the respect they deserve. 

As for the IT department, at least at my highschool, when I attended, was made up entirely of students. 
$C: This is so beautiful. My gf would love this. I’m sending it to her now. 
$C: Even now I still say hello happily to the random contracted cleaners around the building. Their making a living, and to be honest if done very menial jobs in the past too so I know what it’s like. Some has to do it, and by and large they seem happy enough 
$C: I’m just tryin to chill and watch Brooklyn Ninenine and now I’m crying and watching Brooklyn Ninenine
$C: This hit me deeper than I expected... I'm not even able to be a fucking janitor and I feel like a fucking burden but something like this might give someone the drive to keep living because your effort will not be wasted of the person deserves it 
$C: Origin story of Michael Myers be like...
$C: I'm a custodian in an elementary school, and this shit made me ball my eyes out
$C: We had a custodian named Eddie in our Elementary School. EVERYBODY loved him and he was as important to us as any other person at school. When he left, everybody cried.
$C: I teared up 😭
$C: This is awesome. When I was in elementary school there was this awesome custodian who I became friends with. He knew how to make sweet, super detailed paper airplanes and taught me how. Some kids made fun of him behind his back because he was kind of nerdy and awkward but he was a really nice guy. 
$C: I have melted. That was so wholesome. 🙂🙂🙂
$C: my janitor was a [legend](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ulbx88752Ig&t=72s)
$C: Goddamn this is so wholesome, made my icy heart warm. 
$C: This makes my heart feel full 
$C: We had a great janny at our school, but he had a skill that no-one knew he had.

In the US you have prom in high school - we had a prom but for some fucking reason it was called a Bean-feast. Ours is a bit off - we do comedy sketches taking the piss out of teachers. I was in charge of setting up and playing in the band that would do interlude music between the skits.

The janny was an awesome harmonica player. Our band all had sunglasses and trillbys and we started playing an interlude song and, as we'd arranged to the surprise of the audience, the janitor popped out from around the curtain - people thought he was there to fix something until we handed him a hat and glasses. 

Place erupted when he started playing. He reached God-tier status that night 
$C: Reminds me of Mr. Greg, he was at my elementary school for years and was still there when I went back to coach soccer and ref basketball. He still remembered me too which was the coolest part, I hope he’s doing well
$C: My kids go to this school. I went to this school. We loved our custodian when I was their age (shout out to Miss Jane) and they love him! Very weird to see this on Reddit lol
$C: kinda depressing too - feel bad for him
$C: 145K UPVOTES?! ALL OF THIS KARMA!
$C: The custodians at my high school were super awesome guys. One of them, Harry, was beloved across the town. And another, Darren, would actually open up the gym for us Friday nights and we would all play hockey together, and Darren would invite local bands he was friends with to play with us and sign albums and posters. It was the highlight of my entire school experience. 
$C: My elementary school custodian was the BEST. His name was Bill and would call us “Gomers”, climb onto the school roof and toss everything that was thrown up there, off during recess and laugh at us all scrambling. Always had a smile and a joke. 
$C: What is a custodian?
$C: Where is the video to this? :(

Edit: Oh, OP posted it - but I couldn't find it due to no [SOURCE](https://streamable.com/06hz0) tag
$C: All he's thinking is "Fuck, I just cleaned this floor!"
$C: This can’t be shared enough! 
$C: I need this video!!!!! My heart is full 
$C: I miss my school’s janitor, Mr. Morris 
$C: Beauty personified through a jirafrican internet video humanspaceship connector
$C: Wow!! 
$C: Okay sorry for being off topic, but what exactly are the icons at the top of the page on old Reddit? It looks like a silver s in a circle, the gilded icon, and then some kinda white star on a green background surrounded by a silver border? Sorry I'm just super curious. 
$C: My elementary school custodian, Bob, never said a word to us. He also was always chewing, but didn't have anything in his mouth. 
$C: Fantastic. I really needed this right now.
$C: What is a custodian?
$C: Showing up at the school restroom to take a dump and find it sparkling clean, I always thank the custodian gods
$C: We had a big black guy named teddy, who EVERYONE loved. I was in after school day care because my single parent mother worked til 6 pm. Teddy was your standard jolly, happy go lucky guy who was always super nice to all the kids. 

Although he had a gold tooth with a T engrained on it, so now that I’m older I bet he did some hood rat shit(I lived close to Baltimore). You would’ve never guessed otherwise 
$C: I wish this had sound!
$C: I’m a custodian at a high school, but since I’m still young in the face they think I go there sometimes. 
$C: 15'000'000 karma????
$C: So sweet 
$C: I will never forget my elementary school custodian. He used to bet us we couldn't make a half-court basketball shot, and if we did, he promised he would buy us Burger King for lunch. He bought me Burger King Whopper Jr combo meal twice. Dude was so nice, you could go to his office during snack and lunch and talk to him about anything. Love you, Lalo!
$C: Ouchhh, right in the wholesome bone




This is super cute. 





My janitor back in the day was a little messed up from agent orange in Vietnam, but he was delightful to talk to and always had time for me. He and my grandfather used to be great friends. 
$C: Wow I've never seen a Platinum award before. And I've never seen these many Silvers or Golds before to a post ever.
$C: Makes my heart smile.  This man was instantly moved.
$C: What a beautiful gesture from these kids. A precious moment indeed. 
$C: Is this some kind of ubiquitous kid thing? In my primary (elementary) school we worshiped Bernie as a god. Sometimes he would have to walk on the roof and it would blow our little minds, whenever he was spotted up there a crowd would follow him chanting his name.
$C: Thanks Reddit love you 
$C: Mc. Ride?
$C: He's like their version of Chef from South Park!
$C: Weird how they call them custodians now
$C: Man I wish so much i could listen to this...
$C: This is such a nice video to watch 
$C: Wasn't prepared to find such a wholesome post this early :)
$C: Where's Malvert when you need him?
$C: Why is this video so short  :',(
$C: The Professor.
$C: This is one of the best things I have ever seen.
$C: What a lovely moment. 
$C: i need the video

$C: Shit like this wells me up yo. I’m wiping. 
$C: Hey I started working as a custodian a month ago, good pay for not bad work 👍🏼
$C: Aww
$C: beautiful
$C: r/wholesome
$C: Always respect the dude or gal with the keys! 
$C: As a non-american, what does a school custodian actually do?
$C: You know... some people have to put up with "ish" everyday. It hurts my heart how just a little support goes a long ways.  It's too easy to just be kind to everyone. Keep it like this as much as much as possible and love on each other as much as possible. He'll keep that in his heart forever!
$C: Show some LOVE people …

LUV this...
$C: Man in my school after I left half of the year 11 apparently jumped the janitor and beat him up.
$C: r/wholesomememes
$C:  is this the new thank the bus driver meme?
$C: First thing that came to my mind upon seeing this other than this is awesome...
https://imgur.com/a/RoxodSJ
$C: What is a custodian
$C: What are the two symbols on this post, other than reddit gold?
$C: I really did wish we did that in elementary school... everyone truly loved the custodians there, they were nice, and a party needed to be thrown for them. 
(Sorry if my English is crappy I just woke up)
$C: This made me tear up. Thank you. 
$C:  Love this sooooo much 💕💕
$C: My husband and I are teachers in the same school and we give our janitor $150 cash each year for Christmas. Students and faculty all love that man. 

A couple years ago he was changing a lightbulb in a closet in my lab and he enlisted a student to help him and suddenly we hear these two belting out “This little light of mine, I’m gonna let it shine!” in like they were in a gospel choir. It was hilarious and sweet. 
$C: My middle school custodian was this old man who shuffled around the school cleaning messes and we'd always mock his deep unintelligible country accent. One day I was eating nachos and began choking. All my other 6th grade friends panicked. He immediately sprang into action and did the Heimlich maneuver on me, patted me on the back and went about his merry way. Never sought recognition or anything. Literally just saved my life and went back to work. We later found out during a Veterans Day event that he was a Korean War veteran.
$C: Hey look kids who aren't assholes
$C: I WANT SOUND!! Where is the original for this. I'm tearing up over a gif here people. Lemme hear it!
$C: /r/InstantFeels 

/r/InstantTears
$C: Aren’t they supposed to stay within the imperial palace ?
$C: Yo quick question, how tf did you get 15 million karma 
$C: My father was an elementary school principal. He always told me that his custodians were his most valued employees.
$C: 1
7
3
K
Upvotes.

Never have i ever: Imagined i would see something with higher than 50k likes
$C: Ok.
$C: My elementary custodian was with us from 1st grade until 7th. Mr. Steve was the man! Once we left it was a sad day until the next Monday morning. I went out to get the mail and by my surprise it was Mr. Steve!! He’s still our mail man to things day. I have now graduated from college but whenever I’m home.  And happen to see Steve we always talk for 5-10 minutes. 
$C: One of the CSMs at my local Wal-Mart is apparently a part time custodian at my son's school. He just started kinder this year and although she's known him since before he was born, he never paid much attention to her. Then last week we went in to return something & she was at the return desk & He lit up and was so excited to see her & point her out. He chatted with her for a few minutes & it was just so cute. She got a kick out of it & it made her smile. 
$C: I remember the school custodian I had growing up, he used to play dodge ball with us when we had gym and one time he saw a group of kids picking a fight with me after school when I was walking home and the next day he came and found me and let me know how good of a person I was and to never let people pick on me, and he would help me if I ever needed it 
$C: Concidering his reaction, I think this would also qualify for r/awww!
$C: Only in America 🇺🇸
$C: This made me bawl like a damn idiot. Thanks. 
$C: This rose quickly huh
$C: Is there a video source?
$C: Video link? 
$C: It's funny how the elementary school custodian was always the one adult at school that you actually thought was cool. 
$C: Kaepernick?
$C: is he wearing a mask?
$C: First thing I noticed is the diversity of the children. There's hope for this country yet.
$C: I'm not crying you are
$C: Everyone loved my elementary school custodian. You were the best Calvin! WoopWoop! 
$C: I LOVED our custodians when I was little! One didn’t speak English very well but was the sweetest tiny Vietnamese gentleman that was always around to help. The other guy was also amazing and he would have “janitor parties” for the kids that offered to help him with tasks like cleaning after an assembly, collecting trashes after school and other things. He would through the parties in the teachers lounge so we all thought it was amazing to go in and drink hot coco and have a donut with him. 

One day I fell in the hall and hurt my foot/ankle. It was really sore and I was maybe in the first grade so I cried. The gentleman that didn’t speak much English came over with his dolly that had boxes on it and tried to console me and looked at my foot. He took off my shoe and I saw how swollen and bruised it was and started crying all over again because it looked bad. He moved the box off of his little dolly, stood me on it and said “ okay we go. Hold tight. Hold tight “ and he pushed me on his dolly thing all the way to the office so I could call my gram and get ice on it while I waited. It was pretty fun so I didn’t continue crying for as long and he hung out and gave me a bit of candy he had in his pocket. He was the nicest guy ever! 
$C: We always looked up to the janitors more than the teachers, coaches, principals. They just seemed like realer people. Maybe that’s because my dad was a blue collar, and I felt more comfortable with those kind of people. 
$C: My fave janitor was great too. He told me crazy stories while we smoked bud in a empty shop class. (autoshop)  He even lied a couple times to save me from detention. What a guy :)  Hope he's ok.
btw- the bud was always mine.. so its cool.
$C: My damn heart...
$C: I cry. This is what raising a community is. 
$C: In this guy's unscripted, raw reaction you can see why he is beloved. It's a two-way street. Always. When you think about it, you really can't fake sincerity with kids. They see right through you. It is clear that the custodian (Billy is his name?) truly loves these kids, it comes out in his actions, the kids feel the love and they give it right back. Awesome.
$C: To
$C: Very humbling. What a nice thing to do. If only everyone got this level of appreciation daily. The world would be a better place. Say “Thank you” more often. Better yet, say “I love you” more often. We are all family. 
$C: We need more of this!
$C: Im an artist and i remember my first painting I ever sold was to one of my high school janitors (':
$C: Funny, I was just thinking of my elementary school janitor the other day. He retired and moved away long before I was out of school but I'll always remember him. He passed away quite a few years ago. He was probably the first immigrant I interacted with, which in turn showed me (a small town kid) that different  ≠  bad,  and just an all around good person. I always remember him saying "You crazy kids go home" in his broken Italian/English accent -- usually when we were getting in his way but it was never in anger or even annoyance. 

His son owns a local pizzeria and does a lot of great things for the community. Next time I'm in there during a slow time I'll let him known his pops left an impression on me all these years later. 

My junior high and high school janitors were all good people too. Whenever I see the stereotype on TV or in a movie of the 'creepy janitor' it always pisses me off. That wasn't my experience and it looks like a lot of people have great things to say about their experiences too.   


They say "it takes a village" and it truly does. Things like this make you appreciate the people who for the most part are treated as dispensable and invisible. 
$C: 👍
$C: Wow this post is 3rd in top posts for r/gif this year
$C: This is awesome! 
$C: In no way does this party end well for the custodian. Juice everywhere....
$C: So wholesome : )
$C: awesome kids and school
$C: https://i.imgur.com/bSZhCtJ.gif
$C: wrong, no such thing as lovx or belx or not, relation, can any relation any nmw and any can be perfx
$C: It's nice that least one school likes their janitor.
$C: I'm lovin' these wholesome school custodian gifs.
$C: I would be upset if I just cleaned the floor.  Lol but this is the cuties gesture. Kids are the purest. 
$C: There's no purer gesture than one from a child. Today this man was reminded that his hard work makes a difference.
$C: aw i love this. made me cry. custodians are the best
$C: Funny thing about life... 

The cleaning lady always is so happy and grateful. 

Yet my director is always stressed out.

Maybe you need less in your life to be able to appreciate what really matters.


$C: ah
$C: Why is he dressed as a fortnite character?
$C: Can he come and clean up my tears?
$C: I'm late to the party, but this touched me so much. My grandfather was an elementary school custodian for 20 years, and the fittest 80 year old around. In May, he was diagnosed with glioblastoma, and he passed in August.

Across from the funeral home is the elementary school, and on the days of the wake and procession, you could see a big red paper heart with the words "We love you Mr. Bill" written across. It was such a kind gesture.

I miss you grandpa ❤️
$C: Right in the feels. I’m so happy for the guy!!
$C: Cutting onions over here
$C: Who's chopping onions here?!
$C: I teared up do gay watching this. Is there one with sound?
$C: This is wholesome as heck. I love it. 

My grandma was a school janitor for her career. 
$C: This, literally, made me cry.
$C: I am seriously ugly crying right now. 
$C: So wholesome, hit him right in the feels! 
$C: I went to a service academy and on my first day there one of the custodians, for some reason, took me under his wing and gave a tour of the grounds.  Along the way telling me stories about all the cadets that had come and gone before me.

Once, my hubris got the better of me and I would have been thrown out of school if not for the advice that this man had given me.  (Even after he caught me red-handed carving the initials 'A. F.' on one of his prize trees.)  It was tough love advice and I thought then that it was mean and callous, but i did follow it and went on to graduate.

He was tough but knew I had to be left to get my bearings.  That was one of the moments that turned me into the man that I am today.

I am still in the service, a Captain now with my own ship and crew.  I never got to tell Boothby how much I appreciated him and his faith in me.  Hopefully one day I will be able to.




$C: God damn. Today was the first time my kids seen me cry. Was not expecting to scroll to this. 
$C: I've got some cleaning product in my eye..
$C:  I almost cried right along with him!!! How heartwarming!!!
$C: Yup. I'm crying on the treadmill. 
$C: Oh hell no I need to clean everything again.. 
$C: Bitch, I might be crying right now. 
$C: .... Got me in the feels.
$C: Fucking onions. All over the place.
$C: I... have never....   Cried from a Reddit post!!!!!!!!!
$C: Holy shit, im in tears.  
$C: whos cutting onions in here!
$C: Critical hit, right in the feels.
$C: Man, who's cutting onions? Not me or this wholesome ass post, for sure
$C: Heartwarming 
$C: Any sauce for these salty tears?
$C: Oh so sweet, that teared me up. 
$C: I'm not crying, you're the one crying...
$C: Those are tears of..."I have to clean the whole gym myself".
$C: I don't think I've ever cried so instantly before.
$C: Good for him. I’m not getting a little teary - not me!
$C: I’m not crying you are 
$C: That is, literally, the most wholesome response I've ever seen. This must be an amazing man.
$C: 2wholesome4me
$C: You know who I love?  Janitors.  

You know what I love? Clean places, clean toilets, clean bathrooms, clean floors, clean air.  Full dispensers, empty garbage cans.  They do a really important job.  

I think about them alot actually.  Especially when I'm at my gym.  The guys who sell memberships are over there flexing for each other in their polos and I know the janitor is probably the worst paid person there, yet he's the only one not just sucking up space and actually doing something I really appreciate.  I think about tipping him sometimes, but I don't want to be weird or insulting.  I'm not starving any more, but I used to be a janitor in fact, just for summers.  It's not easy, it's real work.  
$C: Right in the feels
$C: Where’s the original video. I feel like crying. 
$C:  "What is this salty discharge?"
$C: Wholesome
$C: Made me cry too
$C: That guys probably makes 35k a year
$C: I bet they forced those kids to be in the surprise party. Nice and all but it would be cool if the kids thought of it 
$C: Finally a generation of kids who won't be scared of a black man when they grow up.
$C: Could you stop cutting onions in the fucking subway, man?
$C: "Fuck, I fucking hate these kids"
$C: This makes me happy and like my job a little bit more. I'm a Custodian at an elementary school, I work nights so don't talk to the kids a whole lot but the few times I do see them and some of them saying hey what's up Janitor dude puts a smile on my face for the day.
$C: Gifs that ended on point.
$C: More like like it was some teachers idea, not kids themselves.
$C: u/noodlekush
$C: The custodian at my elementary school turned out to be a pedophile.
$C: Only to then make him clean up afterwards. 
$C: They made him feel like a person! 
$C: I went to a total of 6 school buildings in 3 different town's & only 1 bad custodian in the bunch. He started a fire in the woodworking room of my junior high on purpose in the wee hrs of the morning. It mostly caused smoke damage but I was panicky cuz I had accidentally left my flute in my locker & if it had been damaged I knew my parents would kill me for being so careless & forgetful, even tho it doesn't occur to u that someone might commit arson. To make matters worse (to my jr high self), although it was on the radio beginning abt 6am & it said the school was closed for the day, instead of letting me catch some more zzz's, my parents made me get up & get all the way around for school "just in case" (of what?) & when the bus didn't show up it was, "Well, ok then.". I was an only child & my parents were kinda weird about a lot of stuff. 
$C: This is beautiful. Made me tear. We should always show appreciation to everyone 
$C: These men and women are the Guardian Angels of the schools they work in, always have the teachers and students backs, and KNOW the importance of sharing UNCONDITIONAL LOVE, which makes a difference in everyone’s life. Hey USA GOVERNMENT, if you want to make AMERICA GREAT AGAIN IN THE EYES OF THE WORLD, start hiring School Custodians to Congress, and really LISTEN to them!!!’
$C: Does he have a ski mask on?
$C: Right in my feels
$C: "I'm not crying, you're crying." 
$C: that brought a tear to my eye too
$C: Right in the feels
$C: Delete this. 
$C: Awww I’m crying 😭  
$C: like if anybody thought it was daequan
$C: One of my High School custodians was arrested for pimping out one of the students. When the police went to his house he answered the door smoking a joint. Since our yearbook already went to print they had to place stickers over his picture in all the yearbooks. 


$C: I can only do this once.....


🎵"Mop, mop, mop. All day long".🎶
$C: He had to remove that dookie...mmm k, from the boys urinal because some one..mmm k, thought It’d be funny, to leave a big fudge dragon for all to see!
$C: Gosh, I cried 
$C: Faith in humanity restored. 
$C: Is "custodian" the new PC name for "janitor"?
$C: I want to upvote but its this karma whore
$C: If he was white this wouldn't have made the front page
$C: I'm not crying. You're crying. 
$C: Why isn’t this upvoted like crazy?
$C: this is what i know as Merica! 

Wheres all the racis' the left keeps bitching about? 

50k upvotes...yeup hella kkk in the USA huh? 
$C: [removed]
$C: [deleted]
$C: [deleted]
$C: I see a bunch of pantspissers about to make more of a mess for this guy
$C: I feel ripped off. Our custodian was shady as fuck. Him and his girlfriend killed our vice principal in a home invasion robbery of his home. The vice principal was the real hero; kind, friendly, and helpful. Mr Blackwell in Downey California. 
$C: I ❤️ this!
$C: I'm not crying, you're. 
$C: Typing this at work as a school "custodian"  please save your pity we don't need it. 
$C: Oh man I’m gonna cry
$C: I’m not crying, you’re crying. 
$C: Who’s chopping onions?
$C: I'm not crying...  You're crying!
$C: My school custodian was an asshole. 

$C: token black custodian
$C: This is beautiful.
$C: What a waste of time. Would have skipped. 
$C: Why is he wearing a skimask
$C: ~~I’m not crying, you’re crying!~~

I’m actually crying.
$C: Damn you're a grown man in public, sack up and get it together.
$C: .
$C: [removed]
$C: [removed]
$C: Holy shit this made me remember my favorite janitor growing up. Always made everyone smile! Dude would help with homework in the cafeteria, came out to basketball games, interacted with parents. Dude was a star. 

Hope your having a great time wherever you are Billy.
$C: Probably because they don’t have insane parents calling to yell at them for disciplining their deplorable child. 
$C: I look through your lockers. I listen to your conversations. You don't know that, but I do. I am the eyes and ears of this institution my friends. 
$C: Everybody knew the custodians, too. I went to some big schools and you really only knew the teachers you had. Everyone else was a stranger. But everybody knew the custodians because they were everywhere and were always showing up to save the day. They were like celebrities. Billy puked in gym class and all the girls are screaming, here comes Mr. Wilson to save the day. Jimmy found a dead opossum on the playground and everyone had fun poking it with sticks, but now it’s really starting to smell. Here comes Mr. Wilson out of nowhere with a trash can and a shovel to make it all better. You gotta take a mad deuce, but the toilet is clogged. Mr. Wilson was there lickety split and got the job done in just the nick of time. A true hero. 
$C: Is it a lower level grade school? I remember in elementary the janitor was the hero but in high school they were not so cool.  
$C: There's always this myth around custodians. My school's custodian was nicknamed "Strut Master", because his strut was some out of control, badass muthafucker, straight outta Stayin' Alive, strut. He was the coolest. 
$C: My custodian participated in a play, and it was awesome. Much love to all of the guys/gals out there.
$C: In high school the custodian always got sad towards the end up the year. All the seniors were graduating and he would have to make new friends. Been out for 3 years now and still talk to him regularly and hangout with him.
$C: Interacting with kids is way better than interacting with you lot.
$C: Same, I go to schools for my job and every kid wants to help the janitor at lunch and every kid gives him a high-five. Really awesome guy
$C: They have no real responsibility when it comes to the kids, so they can just be super chill and not worry. 
$C: We had a janitor at my Jr. High that we would fuck with. He was mentally handicapped too. He had one of those zip string whatever that you keep all the keys on and we would pull it it and let it zip back and he would get mad. Back then it was us boys trying to prove to the other boys that we were cool cuz we could fuck around with the guy. Looking back, that sucks. 
$C: I'm just confused why is everyone calling groundskeepers "custodians" in this threat.
$C: i use to smoke a blunt with one of the janitors after lunch everyday junior and senior year 
$C: For real. My grandpa worked for an elementary school as a custodian for 35 years. The kids loved him. They would bring him stuff every day. Painting. Drawings for him to hang on his wall at work.  Damn my grandpa was so proud to go to work early and put the flag up every day. 

Miss you grandpa. Rip. 
$C: My dad is 72. He and his high school friends have a golf tournament every year named in honor of their high school’s custodian. They loved the guy.
$C: Everyone loves The Professor! You gonna eat that orange?
$C: Well duh, they don't have to manage/discipline/assess students all year long.  Just hallway high fives and lunch time, I'd love kids too.
$C: This reminds me of [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VxyxywShewI) video, which is an absolutely must watch for anyone who works in a school. I am an elementary school teacher and watch it from time to time to remind myself as well.
$C: I'm a high school freshman and I miss our high school custodian Josh. He was the only one that i could talk metal with.
$C: That's one of my favorite sketch shows.
$C: >kids in the hall.

Bassline triggered.

Bum, bumbum, bumbum, bumbum...
$C: kids are great when you don't have to teach them
$C: Custodians don't assign homework. 
$C: Our janitor in high school was so nice and loved everyone. When he finally retired we all found out that he was secretly a millionaire who just did it because he loved working and being around people. He was such a good guy. 
$C: False. I saw the high school documentary where the 5 kids have to sit in detention library all day on a Saturday. And the custodian was a total jerk. 
$C: Every single kid at my kids' elementary school knows the head custodian by name. He helps them open containers and put straws in Capri Suns at lunch, he drives the bus to away games for the middle school when no other drivers are available, and he's always got a smile. I can't imagine the literal shit he's got to deal with on a daily basis, but you'd never know.
$C: Probably because there are no crazy helicopter moms yelling at the custodians or accusing them of being pervs if they're friendly with the kids.  A lot of teachers stay distant because they have to deal with crazy parents.
$C: at my elementary there was a janitor named tim allen who had more clout and respect from the kids than the actor who played santa claus
$C: My kids loved our school custodian...he had a wonderful personality.  They remember him but are sketchy on their teachers.
$C: I remember this some twenty years when i was in elementary school. 
$C: These men and women are the Guardian Angels of the schools they work in, always have the teachers and students backs, and KNOW the importance of sharing UNCONDITIONAL LOVE, which makes a difference in everyone’s life. 
Hey USA GOVERNMENT, if you want to make AMERICA GREAT AGAIN IN THE EYES OF THE WORLD, start hiring School Custodians to Congress, and really LISTEN to them!!!’
$C: A middle school custodian who I miss the most always talked to me, told me jokes, and told me stories. I love the janitors the most. Every school has that one legendary janitor.
$C: Haha man that is soooo inspiring! Wish it had the song. It's akward with no sound
$C: In 1st grade, we got a new custodian and we were told to be nice to him so every time he walked through the cafeteria, we would all say "HI Dave!" and clap.  I don't know why.
$C: Are we saying to give them guns to protect kids yet?

#inB4givinggunstosecuritycustodians

Seriously loved my high school custodians. Always so kind and polite. Fuck the kids really that weren't kind to them. Hopefully they learn someday.

That's a great quote on here somewhere btw:

Be nice to the people that:

Sign your checks
Make your food
Clean up after you
$C: no such thing as hapx or not, hapx nmw
$C: Theres a joke here to be made...but I'm not gonna make it.

Someone should though. 


$C: It's because pedophiles are drawn to schools specifically for this reason
$C: First rules of being a teacher: become friends with the custodians, the administrative assistant (secretary), and the IT.  They run the school and can make your life SO much easier if they like you.
$C: What absolutely wonderful teachers to not only recognise him but to get the children involved in saying thank you. These are the lessons these munchkins will take with them. ❤
$C: > ~~schools~~ everything

FTFY


$C: I'm an RN. Always thought House Cleaning saved more lives than doctors; they are potentially huge in infection control & preventing Hospital Acquired Infections and I don't think it ever saw administration ever point that out.
$C: wait, who teaches in teacher school???
$C: They can also ruin your life and career.
Source: Election with Matthew Broderwick.
$C: Japanese schools don't have custodians, the kids are responsible for cleaning.

Since we don't do that in North America, your way works well. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: America Runs on ~~Dunkin’~~ Custodians™️
$C: My dad was a custodian in my town for almost 40 years. It was great getting to see him every day in middle school, always someone there if I needed anything. when I got assigned lockers he would go in and build little shelves and cabinets in them so I'd have better storage. He was close with the teachers too so I got all the good ones. They don't get enough respect and the stigma behind them is atrocious. Myself and my brother had a nice house with a big yard to grow up in, went on all the vacations and got help with college. All on a janitors salary. He did well for him and us.

EDIT: this unintentionally sounded like he's dead, he's not ...he's just retired. Wanted to clarify lol.
$C: Tell that to Japan! XD
$C: But do they teach you to thank the bus driver?

Without them to get to school you'll have to run
$C: At my work the janitor is literally the only person everyone notices is gone when he's on vacation. 
$C: I've always taught my kids to respect and thank custodians, janitors and garbage workers at every opportunity.  They are the backbone of our society and nobody thanks them enough for the hard work they do every day.

Just like my dad taught me
$C: My Bio and Chem teachers LOVED the custodians in my highschool and had a really good relationship with them, seriously keeping labs clean and safe in highschool can be super hard. They also helped with experiments since they had easy access to the rooms and could keep an eye on stuff during the day.
$C: Also it's a good thing to do
$C: You better appreciate them, they get paid shit compared to teachers
$C: Backbone
$C: My parents are from a trade union background, and I was always taught to be nice to the janitors. This definitely had unexpected perqs. My favourite was being gifted dozens of tennis balls that had been retrieved from the school roof, to the envy of all the other kids in the schoolyard.
$C: Without them our research facilities would not run either
$C: Do you have to go to teacher teacher school to learn how to teach teachers?
$C: I'm a condo super and I feel like I have a thankless job a lot of the time. People don't realize how much work goes into making an entire building run, and how much stuff there is to look after.
$C: In Japan, the kids are the custodians. 
$C: They should teach this in regular school.
$C: I remember during elementary school, there was a custodian strike, and it basically shut down the entire school because the teachers union also chose not to cross the picket line in solidarity. 

At the time I didn't realize how significant that was, I was just excited that we didn't have school! 
$C: My dad said thank you school custodian!
$C: Our custodians went on strike when I was in high school. The school was a disaster after a week. 
$C: True story. I remember in elementary school how amazing the custodians were. I would forget stuff sometimes because I would be in a rush, and they would always be working until late into the night, so I would run in and get it. Amazing people.
$C: My wife and I used to do a lot with the Music Boosters and they we're always grateful when we did things like offer the extra leftovers from concessions and whatnot.
$C: Teacher school?
$C: I had a teacher once who used to throw garbage on the ground in front of him. When confronted by students he always responded with "It's not my job to clean it up".
$C: Unless you're [this](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/post-politics/wp/2017/02/15/stephen-millers-cringeworthy-campaign-speech-for-student-government/?utm_term=.c5ed880da242) guy: "Am I the only one who is sick and tired of being told to pick up my trash when we have plenty of janitors who are paid to do it for us?!"
$C: My wife volunteers at our kids school during lunchtime. She's been doing it for about 3 weeks now, and tells me the custodian staff are the unsung heros of the school.

When I was a kid, we'd sell raffle tickets for the hockey team one of the custodians played on, and in return he'd throw down all the tennis balls that were on the roof.
$C: We used to have a custodian in my elementary school that we loved like this. We had a little retirement party and got pizzas and stuff. He cried so hard. It was so awesome. 
$C: I was taught to always treat the people who made your life better well. Doesn't matter if it's your parents or the custodian.
$C: I really wish all schools would make a large effort to instill respect for custodian staff in elementary school. There are always going to be shitty teenagers, but if the majority have been taught to respect them from a young age ideally they will look out for the custodians.

I just have horrid memories of all the shit some of my classmates would purposefully do to make the custodian's job 100% harder. The average student wouldn't poop in urinals of course, but the average student at my HS was still completely apathetic regarding custodians. "I'm giving them job security by leaving this wrapper on a desk" was the common thought process.

We had one custodian who worked during the school day but eventually switched to working like 4pm-midnight because so many shitheads would harass him. He had some physical deformities which made him walk a bit different and he also had a stutter. He had balance issues and shitheads would purposely try to get him to slip and then laugh like banshees when he did. I'm getting heated just thinking back to this.


$C: My dad is a custodian. He loves his job man.
$C: My school went on strike a couple years after I graduated (elementary). My siblings were still there. Janitors were part of that strike. All it took was 2 days. 

2 days and there were piles of garbage in the hallways, bathroom garbage was overflowing, and toilets and sinks weren't being cleaned. 

The strike went on for a week and a half. That school was just terrible. Teachers did the bare minimum they were required to do in the meantime. 

There was no realization bigger, of what teachers and staff do for you, than when they stop doing it. 
$C: To this day, I still remember our custodian in highschool, and our librarian in elementary. (We never saw our custodian in elementary for some reason. ) they were both awesome people. 
$C: By far my favorite coworker is our janitor, nice older guy, with hilarious stories to tell everytime he comes through the office.

He got fired for getting into a fight, that he didnt even start, and we all went to corporate and demanded he get his job back. They denied it at first, but after 4 days of unclean floors, bathrooms, etc, even the management complained to them to rehire him.

Got him back,  got him 5 extra hours per week, and a 5% pay raise. 

People don't know what they got til its gone.
$C: Except in Japan where the kids clean the school themselves 
$C: "they teach you in teacher school"

Hello 14 year old who doesn't have a clue 
$C: Every employee in a school needs to be ready to be a role model to any student who needs help. 
$C: I always had awesome custodians. Mr. Wilson in elementary school loved it when kids would yell, "Mr. Wiiiiiiiiiiilson!" like Dennis the Menace and would get a huge smile. The custodian in high school supported all of the students. He had a shirt T-shirt for every single club, sports team, band and drama group. On Thursday before football games he wore his marching band shirt, on Friday it was football or basketball, if the softball team was playing he wore that shirt, if the chorale group had a competition he wore that shirt. Opening night for a play he was there dressed up and in the middle section with his wife. I graduated 15 years ago but I drove by the school the week before school started this year and he was out cutting the grass on the mower in his 2018 women's tennis shirt.
$C: My high school wasn't like that. One of my custodians had gotten terminal cancer and wasn't given long to live. The school tried to get people to donate to her family and support her a week after she left the school. She had passed two weeks later and I was the only student in the whole district that went to her funeral. It was quick and really sad.
$C: Tell that to Japan
$C: Ours died for us, this means a lot more to me. Love it
$C: Yes! At the end of my summer camp I had my kids make thank you cards for our custodians 
$C: As someone who works for a school board as well , I assure you that teachers quickly forget the need to show respect to others, including their fellow teachers. 

Custodians and support workers in general are are viewed by teachers  much like the general public looks at families that rely on government assistance.

The amount of entitlement teachers have is incredible.

It's very unfortunate. 

(I don't mean to offend all teachers, I'm sure some are great. I'm in a relationship with a wonderful teacher and my little sister is a principal. My father is a caretaker in a school, and he definately doesn't get the respect he deserves from other staff members)

$C: Its how I feel as a server in a restaurant.  Kitchen staff are revered, in my eyes anyhow...  Many other servers don't see it that way.
$C: As a parent who's been involved in helping with various things at the high school my kids have attended, we *always* make sure to take care of the custodians. If we're feeding the kids, we send leftovers to the custodians and make sure to clean up after ourselves.

A little courtesy goes a *long* way when you need a favor for them. You quickly learn about groups that don't treat them well.
$C: As a teacher I’ve learned to completely respect what they do for us so much
$C: I have always had a great rapport with the custodians at work and it often becomes a sort of friendship. It's amazing what a daily hello and a little small talk can do.

I talked to iris every day for FIFTEEN YEARS before we moved offices. I got to hear about her son growing up and she got to hear about mine. When she went to the Dominican republic to visit family, she brought me back a little souvenir. I mean, c'mon.

Walter...I spoke to Walter everyday for 2 years before he was let go last week. He spoke English about as well as I speak Spanish, so we helped each other out and met somewhere in the middle. Great guy. Always tranquilo, no matter what was going on in his life. In conversation it came out that he's a Jim beam fan, so when I heard he was getting let go, I walked to the liquor store and got him a nice bottle of Buffalo Trace. The look of appreciation really got me. If I took even the slightest bit of sting out of his getting fired, then mission accomplished. Enjoy it Walter! You earned it bud.
$C: Same with electricity but you ain't see no one thanking the workers at your local powerplant.  It's just another job, who gives a shit.
$C: I wish the government were the same way... government custodians are basically a bunch of frustrated office worker's punching bags for anything bad that happened to them that day. Then on top of that you have any of the potential angered members of the public, be it court cases that go the wrong way or people on probation that also take their frustrations out on the building you have to clean.
$C: That's why he's crying.
$C: Guys let's throw a party.

But who's gonna clean up the mess?

Guy's let's throw a party for a custodian. 
$C: He actually just got done waxing that floor a half hour before the kids showed up.
$C: I hope they were aware enough to have the kids/ staff pitch in...
$C: How do you guys keep coming up with these 😂😂
$C: Savage comment I'm dying over here well done
$C: Dude they had a luncheon for our custodians last week and they had them set it up and tear it down. I jumped in to help because the admin setting it up couldn't break a nail... I was furious. 
$C: That'd be so ironic lmao
$C: Stay late? On my birthday? Damn you!
$C: I'm not sure if I'd be the kid vomiting in excitement for doing something nice for the janitor or vomiting out of fear of somehow screwing it up.
$C: We’ll get somebody to clean that up.

We’re the ones who gotta clean it up!

...

DAMN IT, MICHAEL!!!
$C: I was having tears of joy in my eyey, opened the comments, saw yours and they immideatly changed in tears of laughter
$C: While your here, little Ralph threw up on the basketball court so go ahead and grab some sawdust 
$C: My grade school custodian was Mr. Ray. A generally nice guy, everyone liked. One day he was changing the garbage bag in a garbage can and I was standing near him. He called me over to teach me how to tie a garbage bag closed and make a handle. (The simple make four corners and tie two knots) At that moment, it was really cool, so simple. Life long lesson that I still use to this day, sometimes when I am trying a bag close, that moment with Mr. Ray pops in my head.
$C: I still remember our elementary school custodian, Raul, who would make us laugh at lunch and we thought he was there for us but really he was just doing his job and also talking to kids. Little kids love custodians, as a rule.
$C: Same! We had two custodians at my elementary school and everyone loved them. 

One time when I was a junior in high school, me and a friend were skateboarding in that same elementary school around 8pm. We were filming for a short video we were working on. We ended up running into one of those custodians who remembered both of us, including my friends name. We shot the shit and talked about what we were up to and asked him about the school. He let us finish skating and then around 9:30pm when he was locking up, he found us and warned us that there were police outside the front gates who were waiting for him to lock up so they could catch us for trespassing. He told us which fence to jump over near the back of the school and got us off the hook. He was such a homie. 

EDIT: Full story about our escape from the cops because it seems like people are interested. 

So he pointed us to this specific area of the back fence which led out into a culdesac. We went back there, but we quickly noticed that we were silhouetted against streetlights, and that the 2-3 squad cars in front of the school would easily spot us climbing the fence from across the field. They were also scanning the field with their spotlights. 

At that point we were freaking out and started trying to think about anyone we know who lived in one of the houses bordering the school field. We remembered a friend who lived in one of those houses and called him to see if we could jump into his backyard. As we were crouched near the edge of the field while on the phone with our friend, we started to see the cops walking through the school towards us with their flashlights. At this point we didn't stop to think why 2-3 squad cars would be there for some kids skating, but we were so hopped up on adrenaline it didn't matter.

Just as our friend picked up we basically told him "hey, we're jumping into your backyard right now to get away from these cops in [school name]." He said it was okay, so we threw our skateboards over the fence into his back yard and scaled the wall just as the cops reached the area of the field we were in. We were in a pretty dark area at the back of the field so they probably couldn't see us from that distance. I couldn't see shit when I jumped down the other side of the wall so I ended up twisting my ankle on the landing pretty bad, but I couldn't really feel it because adrenaline. 

We ran out the side gate of his house into his front yard and just started hauling ass on our skateboards down the street. As we got to the first intersection which led to the street where we saw the cop cars parked out front, we got off our skateboards to peek around. Just then, we saw another two squad cars round the corner near the school coming straight towards us. We turned around a laid prone in some bushes in someone's front yard. We saw their spotlights shine over the top of the bushes as they drove by. After they passed, we checked to make sure there were no more cops, crossed the intersection, and skated like our lives depended on it back to my friends house. 

After relaxing in his living room for a bit, his step-dad got back home from wherever he was. He jokingly says, "Jesus what the fuck did you guys do? There's cops all over the neighborhood." We looked at each other and explained everything that just happened. He was just like "Goddamn you boys are lucky you got away." He asked why so many cops would be looking for two kids just for skating and we had no fucking clue. But his step-dad was involved in some shady shit too so he was definitely not eager to get the cops involved in anything. He told us to just stay inside. 

In the morning we found out that a bank had been robbed down the street from the school that night, around the same time we were skating in the school. So we think that the cops thought we were the robbers trying to escape/lay low in the school until things cooled down or something. Either way, we're lucky things turned out the way they did. We were stupid for running like we did, but we were just your average 16-year-old punk skater kids. Makes for a good story to tell nowadays though. 

$C: Our elementary school custodian, Mr. Bill, died a couple years into me being in middle school. When I went to his funeral it was almost entirely attended by students. That man was absolutely beloved. I even did some work for his widow a year later, just little things around their property, she was so happy when she found out I went to that school and we'd sit and tell stories about him. Absolutely lovely woman, they were a good match.
$C: Al sounds awesome. 
$C: This is a fantastic idea. I imagine these kids left “Al’s Pals” with a little more respect for others and themselves.
$C: Al was an institution. 
$C: Our guy Skip would give out minty lifesavers all day long. But if you showed him an a on a report card, he'd give you a dollar! I can't imagine how much of his custodian salary he spent on it, but I know I always think about him when I have a lifesaver. Hope he's still at the school, spreading smiles 
$C: Same situation for me. His name was Chuck and the kind of guy who commanded authority by his shear presence, but really was just a big ol' Teddy Bear. We got to be his Stock Boys by basically wheeling the trash can around during lunch, emptying it, and wiping down lunch tables. When we weren't doing that we got to hang out on the loading dock overlooking the playground and hang out. Kids weren't allowed near the loading dock during recess, so that made us seem extra cool. On Fridays, Chuck would bring us milkshakes. It was all little things, but made me appreciate that kind of work and those who do it. 
$C: In high school we had a custodian named Chris who was assigned to the music/art section of the school. She was the sweetest, happiest, most kind woman. She came to all the choir/band concerts, art galleries, musicals, plays.... just to support her "babies." Its been a while since I've seen her. I wonder how shes doing.
$C: My elementary school was in the middle of a neighborhood and had a huge grass field (actually retention pond) in front next to a trailer.  A Janitor named "Mr. Mike" lived in the trailer by himself and worked at the school.  Everyone loved that guy at school, and after school we used to play football in that field until the police kicked us out for being on private property.


Mike found out about this and talked to the school board into letting anyone come to that field as long as we promised not to go in the school other than to get water to drink from the fountains and he took some responsibility for it, claiming it wouldn't cause vandalism and whatnot.  There were no fences, long before schools became the tiny prisons they are today.  He was always out there playing football with us and stuff like that.  Really awesome guy with a cool 80's mullet.


If you knocked on his door there was basically a guarantee that be had a football (or baseball equipment) and was ready to play, or just sit out the game and act as ref.  There was no football team, he wasn't paid for it or anything.


Everyone knew everyone in that neighborhood and nobody would dare vandalize the school or do anything like that which might get him in trouble.


I visited home a few years ago and the school was rebuilt with 2 layers of fence and now there is no open area anywhere around for any kids to play on, but I guess they are inside their homes these days playing fortnite anyway while telling me how they banged my mom so it isn't a big deal.
$C: We had a custodian who was a refugee from Romania. He would sing opera to us several times a week during lunch and the cafeteria was always dead silent while he sang. We loved it.
$C: Our custodian was Keith. He had a cool beard and would balance a broom on his chin in the cafeteria. What a legend. 
$C: >helping tear down the gymnasium after an assembly. 

I know what you meant, but I can’t help but picture a bunch of kids wearing hard hats and operating heavy machinery to help demolish the gymnasium after they partied too hard during the assembly—and it’s routine. Lmao 
$C: What a clever way to teach children work ethic!
$C: I remember my grade school custodians as well there was Aaron who was a behemoth of a man and his partner Daryl they'd always high five the students when they walked past us in the hallway Aaron died of a heart attack when I was in 6 or 7 grade and the whole school had a vigil for him everyone showed up all students k-8 and teachers and parents was a very nice thing to see now that I look back on it
$C: Ours used to be a complete dick and terrifying. His name was Mr. Bauer and I'll never forget how much hate he got from all the students. 

Then one day me and my friend did some really dumb shit and vandalized something in the school for no reason. Our punishment was to help Mr. Bauer clean one day after school for a couple of hours. I was absolutely terrified thinking about the horrid things he was gonna make us do as punishment.

Turns out Mr. Bauer was cool as fuck. He didn't make us clean at all and just talked to us the whole time about school and different things. Told us he didn't appreciate what we did but that he did similar things when he was young and just knew we were being young and dumb.

Was a crazy life lesson in humility for me at the time.
$C: I remember one time as a kid I accidentally threw out my glasses with my lunch, and didn't notice they were missing until much later.
 
My family was much less well off than the kids I went to school with, so I knew there was no way my family could afford another pair.

My school custodian went threw all the garbages to help me find them. One of the kindest things ever. And even though I was probably only 10 years old and that was 20 years ago, I'll never forget it.
$C: Same - my elementary custodian’s name was Felix. He always called his students “my darlings”, in his thick polish accent. He had a mustache the size of a push broom and barked like a dog as a joke. He was a longshoreman in Poland before he came to the US and whistled tunes when he walked the hallways. 

I looked him up to see if he’s still working, and it seems like he’s still at the school, and he’s let his mustache grow into a bushy beard, but other than that looks the same as how I remember him from nearly 20 years ago. Super cool guy.
$C: My elementary school custodian was easily the single most beloved member of staff as well. He was the adult who was there and watched out for us, but unlike the teachers and admin it wasn’t his job to try and teach us or mold our behavior. 

I was crying in the bathroom in third grade because some other kids had said some shitty things to me because I couldn’t afford new clothes and was wearing hand me downs from the charity bin, and one of the kids recognized them as his brother’s old clothes. 

The custodian coaxed me out, and then spent the next hour in the courtyard teaching me to play chess. At the time, I had no idea why, but was just grateful because nobody was going to start the teasing back up in front of him. 

A couple of years later, it came up in conversation that he picked chess because he knew there were a few other kids on the chess team in my (hole ridden) shoes, and who he thought were nice people, and he wanted to give us a chance to meet and maybe become friends. Which is exactly what happened. I met two of my best friends playing chess in the schoolyard, we still keep in touch.

The world is full of terrible things, but as Mr. Rogers put it, “Look for the helpers. You will always find people who are helping.” 
$C: My elementary custodian was never seen but this reminded me of helping my P.E. teacher in 4th and 5th grade.  I was the tallest kid in school(around 5'6")  and our P.E. teacher was barely 5' if she was even that tall so I got to get out of class right before 2nd and 3rd grade recess to hang up all the tether balls.  I went to lunch after that then got to take them all down when 4th and 5th grade recess ended.  I got a piece of candy every once in a while for helping but  I would have done it even without the candy because I got to skip about 10 minutes of class time total. 
$C: Lol my middle school is SoCal had an Al's Pals too
$C: [deleted]
$C: Maybe its in the name, at my middle school we had a janitor named Al who was loved by everyone
$C: When I went to school, the custodian was the only person I remembered. You could talk to him and he would be cool with you even though you were only 6 or whatever. I still walk by the school and still see him working there....no joke.
$C: In kindergarten, I couldn't learn how to tie my shoes. My parents tried, my teacher tried, they had books and little rhymes and shit. Couldn't get it for the life of me. I don't remember how, but one day my shoes were untied and the custodian stopped and helped me and taught me how to do it on the spot. That guy kicked ass.
$C: Similair at my elementary school i forget her name but our custodian was the highlight of recess and lunch for most of us. We were goven an incentive system in the form of tickets but in the end you would see kids helping just because they realized it was the right thing to do. 
$C: Dude same I remember our would always do that thing where it looks like you disconnect your thumb and it blew my mind for years.
$C: Al’s pals sounds awesome!  Although there was no hip club with a catchy name, we had also had a really cool custodian in elementary school!  His name was Mr. Davis and he loved to sing and all of us kids thought he as the best (in hindsight he was probably not that good).   When it was someone’s birthday, he would get on the stage (which was in the cafeteria and always had a microphone set up) and sing happy birthday during  the student’s lunch.  He also performed “ A Whole New World” from Aladdin one year at our talent show lol.  
$C: Trust me, go ahead and call it work. Kids can use a good example like Al to learn work ethic no matter the task.
$C: I owe my custodian $4 for the drinks that he bought me after basketball practice when I had no money.
$C: Shout out to my grade school custodian, Mr. Sprinkle. Genuinely kind and patient, and he had keys to EVERYTHING. 
$C: Ours was named Ms. Lisa! She was always really loving and good with mean kids and she had this way of winking at you when you did something sneaky or funny that just told you she remembered well what it was like to be 8. 
$C: My Custodian had the Vincy Volunteers!
$C: Same here, Fred.

He would also do crossing guard before and after school and thats where kids got to know him.  He'd dress up as Santa for Christmas.  Never had another custodian like thay
$C: I read half of this before I checked your user name, sure I was about to read about mankind and hell in a cell. It just felt like shittymorph
$C: Oh fuck my favorite custodian was also named Al in elementary. Did he get sick as well? I don’t remember much besides me bawling at the lunch table because I found out he was sick for a week
$C: Ours was named Doug. He was SOOO chilled out and occasionally came and sang to us. He also well like in my town as well.
$C: Ours was Kerry, Kerry always had lifesaver mints. No matter where he was, what he was doing, anytime he’d see someone and they said hello to him, you got a mint and a hello back, also Kerry loved to come hang in the music room and listen to the kids play 
$C: On our last day in 8th grade the head of the custodial services told us to go ahead and have a huge food fight during lunch. We never did because we didn't want him to have to clean up the massive mess but just the fact that he was OK with having to clean up a huge mess just so some kids could have fun was one of the best memories I have of being young and in school.
$C: The custodian was the fucking coolest guy in my elementary school. He was nice or everybody, and everybody loved him. We’d give him money for him to get soda from the vending machine because we wasn’t allowed to go into the Teacher’s lounge to get it. I’m wondering what he’s doing now.
$C: This seems like a general trend with school custodians; always the happiest, friendliest people in the building. Super helpful and kind, and seemed to love their jobs. 
$C: We had a school janitor in elementary school who’s name was Vicki. This hippie lady who always had a smile on her face. 

One day I noticed my cheap gift store ring’s gem fell off when we came back from lunch and into our seats in the classroom. It was special to me because I got it when my class went on a field trip where my mom was the chaperone and she got it for me. Anyway, I was panicked and asked the teacher if I could go to the bathroom but really go to the cafeteria to see if I could find it. Vicki was there cleaning up from lunchtime and asked me why I was there. I told her what happened-and I’ll never forget it-she helped me look for the teeny tiny gem. The assumingely plastic, worth next to nothing, teeny tiny gem. We looked with no avail of course. She told me to go back to class and she will let me know if she found it. I remember walking back to class feeling so validated that she helped me look. And so grateful she helped me look in a bunch of trash. I’ll never forget that kindness.
$C: My elementary school did something similar. In 4th grade you could apply to get a job on the "service squad", and one of those jobs was helping the custodian Mr. Tony clean up the lunchrooms. It was easily the most wanted job, because you got to A, miss class, B, go to exclusive dodgeball/basketball games every Thursday instead of regular recess, and C, there was an end of year pizza party (at which I had the experience of trying Mountain Dew for the first time). Those were the good old days.
$C: Our custodian was a hero. Nearly every day there was a wasp or fly in the cafeteria and he would be called out like a wwf superstar. He would bust into the cafe with a swatter much like a gladiator holding a sword. Sometimes dual wielding. He would then chase the opponent wasp around the cafe while we all cheered him on. 50+ kids just cheering for a custodian to kill a bug. Finally he would corner it and land the killing blow and he crowed went wild and chanted his name. 

Was easily the highlight of the day and probably his too. 
$C: >I know it sounds like a ploy to get kids to work, but let me tell you, it was considered an HONOUR to be part of Al's team.

Modern Tom Sawyer right there, folks.
$C: The head of my school's maintenance team was called Big Mark. He drove everywhere in a tricked out golf buggy, gave out custard creams when he passed kids and his kid was treated like royalty. All the school cars and stuff still have "Big Mark [number]" as their plates, a decade after he's retired. Absolute legend.
$C: Mine was Mr Johnson. He stood about 6’6, long grey hair. I was convinced he was randy Johnson (Mariners pitcher) and told everyone he was. Everyone wanted his autograph
$C: Same thing.  His name was Dory and the whole school had a "Dory Day".  He spent his day in the library with a crown one of the kids made and throughout the day each class would go visit him and give him a gift per class.  He was great guy.  I think I still have pictures of it from my elementary year book at the time.  
$C: Back in middle school we had a custodian named Frank. He wasn’t quite as well-loved as your Al seems to have been, but I remember Frank fondly. Back in eighth grade I played the clarinet in the school band and when I was leaving practice I would sometimes see him in the hall and we’d talk for a bit. He would tell me all about jazz clarinetists like Artie Shaw and Barney Bigard and their music, and he’s give me songs to listen to. The guy absolutely loved jazz (he was in a jazz band that even played in the talent shows), and I really appreciated the conversations we had about the genre. He retired that same year, but as a parting gift I got him an Artie Shaw record. Honestly I don’t even know if he had a record player, but I think he liked it. 

Honestly, custodians are the best
$C: Mr. White was the best. He always had a ton of those icebreaker circle mints that to us elementary and middle schoolers were the best. Such a nice guy to talk to when you were older too, he always seemed invested in everyone. Cancer took human year after I had moved on to highschool and that was a sad day for everyone. o7 you glorious caring janitor. You were a man among men.
$C: I forget my elementary school custodian's name, but once a month a class would rotate into his shop and he would help us build something out of wood, or some other stuff. It was awesome. We would count down the days.
$C: We had the same thing! Helped clean up the cafeteria after lunch and helped in the hallways! It got us out of class for a little bit and some special tasks to help with. It was kind of fun if you didn’t mind helping out! I know there was some reward in there as well, but I can’t for the life of me remember. This old brain has a hard time with details back then.. 
$C: My high school custodian was named Scott. He is one of the wisest men I have ever known and he could give good advice on any topic. He also used to teach jiu jitsu and he taught my friends and me a few moves and maneuvers.
$C: I remember kids at our school invented some mysterious backstory for our main custodian. His name was Russell and he was built like a brick shithouse with a huge mullet.

We collectively decided that he must’ve been a pro wrestler in another life. Probably because he seemed superhuman strong. I remember one time a ball got stuck on the roof at recess. This dude just ran (mullet flowing gracefully), jumped a bit, grabbed the edge of the roof, and pulled himself up to get the ball. No ladder. Just his biceps and mullet powers.

Blew our damn minds! We loved Russell. 
$C: Why is it always Al
$C: At my elementary school we had Mr. Mike day every year, everyone loved him. 
$C: That idea bleeds over into adulthood. The best bosses are the ones who make you want to do your best not only for yourself, but for them as well.
$C: Hell yes, in 5th, 6th grade, I helped out in the kitchen, Cutting carrots and celery and the like, (that was sixth grade)

5th grade i helped pass out food and did the easy dishwasher thing, it was such an honor to be working back there, and other kids were jealous, but we did get free lunch helping out in the back, and not knowing it, help out a lot for my mom in those years. 
$C: In intermediate school (4th - 6th grade) our custodian was an older Mexican man named Fernando. He was the shit. Always had a smile on his face and joking with the kids. And if he caught you doing something you weren’t supposed to (as long as it wasn’t to bad lol) he’d just pretend he never saw. Fernando ain’t no snitch. Oh, and he had a bitchen mustache. Even 15 years later, I’ve never forgotten that guy. 
$C: This warms my heart that so many people have had meaningful experiences with their school custodian as well, it really shows no matter what the job that you can impact and touch lives regardless.

My high school had a custodian named Chano who was the happiest most positive person I have ever met. In a similar sense it was always an award to be able to spend part of the day helping him out.
$C: How interesting that so many people have fond memories of their elementary school custodian. I do too. His name was Terry. He'd always be cracking jokes with the kids and everyone loved the guy.
$C: The custodian at my high school was absolutely brilliant, held something like 37 patents.  A few of the more engineering geared students got independent studies credits for apprenticing with him for a semester.  Phenomenal person; after he retired, he was a full time volunteer custodian and caretaker for our church’s school for years.
$C: Mine was named gloria. She was the sweetest 
$C: Are you from Hale Elementary in Mesa, AZ? It sounds like the same guy I had in my school!
$C: Jack was the name of my high school custodian. Miss talking to him. Granted he was a friends dad but he went out of his way to make everyone feel welcome. 

He was the one that gave me a great pep talk after getting cut from the varsity basketball team. Helped me a ton with my confidence long term. 
$C: For us it was Cubert. Happiest guy I ever met. We all loved cleaning up after ourselves just knowing we made him proud. 
$C: They always day theres a job for anyone whether you’re a doctor or a custodian. He may be happier with more money but it sounds like Al is a really nice dude that takes pride in his work and cares with/about the students
$C: Ours was 'Art' and this was back in the late 70s, early 80s.  Everyone loved Art, he smelled terrible, but was the nicest guy.  It's funny, I bet he never thought about me, but I've thought about him for almost 40 years now.
$C: Mr. Vincent was our elementary school’s custodian. Every Friday before the local football game, he’d don his mask of the football coach and wave us off to the bus. 
$C: This made me smile 
$C: Our primary school custodian was a bald man with a dwarven beard who rode a harley davidson motorbike and looked straight up dangerous.
Except he was the nicest and coolest dude ever and by far the most beloved person at the school.
$C: I absolutely love this!
$C: My 2 friends and I in third grade would always help out the custodian at our school. We went to an after school program so we would just ask if we could go and help out and they would always let us. The custodian was always really kind and it was really fun helping out
$C: My elementary school had Nancy. Each of us signed up to work lunches with her and help her clean tables because she was like a grandma. Always happy, smiling, and laughing. When I graduated, I invited her and my fifth grade teacher to my open house and both came. We lost both of them shortly there after, one to cancer, the other to old age. 
$C: It's crazy how a lot of people go from being exactly like this as a kid, to holding nothing but disdain for people who work "lesser jobs". 
$C: I rememebr my elementary schiol custodian Mr Bartlet. Awesome guy.
$C: The custodian at my elementary school was great. Turns out my mom knew him from back in the day. We called him Mr. Pete. I'm still "friends" with him to this day (though I don't know if that would still be the case if my mom hadn't known him)
$C: I may be showing my age, but Mr. Estrada, my elementary school custodian was an amazing person. He would play POGS with me when I had to stay after school(parents got home late), and was an all around great guy.
$C: I love people who do their jobs with pride, whatever job they have. I wish Al could teach people who work food service in the Atlanta airport how to not to be ass hats. If you do a minimum wage job with hard work and a smile, you may actually work your way up to a better job.
$C: The real truth of this is that if you treat your staff well they will want to work for you, they will do their best because they consider it an honour 
$C: Mine was Jimmy, a short Philippines dude who looked a little Mr. Miagi like. He always had a portable record player pumping classic rock jams from the janitors closet and would show us kids the album art. Probably why I have a record player to this day... 
$C: Looks like you’re probably getting a lot of this already but I have to talk about Mr. Dowdy who was my elementary janitor. He was every underdogs best friend, I saw him pay for several kids lunches and he had a knack for rolling up with his cart or trash can when certain kids were being bullied. He also had somehow lost part of his thumb which of course made home a legend among elementary school kids. I don’t remember too much about elementary school but I’ll never forget him for sure. 
$C: And why shouldn't kids learn to clean up after themselves?
$C: That's brilliant. Children should help out like that. I think things like this help build character. 
$C: I think growing up I didnt like our elementary custodian. He gave me such an odd vibe. Him and his wife i didn't very much like. His wife was my 5th grade teacher. 
$C: Holy fuck just when I thought it couldn't be more wholesome
$C: The amount of locked rooms i had access to because of my friendship with the custodians was amazing
$C: That sounds like that was an awesome school 
$C: Master of the janitorial arts. 

$C: Whoa...that is the best thing ever.
$C: The custodian at my local elementary owns two Dodge Vipers. His wife works at my uni as a cashier so I know she's not the one bringing in the dough. I wonder to this day how he saved all that money. 
$C: Al's Pal's. I love it.
$C: Yup... custodian in fifth grade grade was some dude named Manny. We would play kickball, and when the other class' kickball accidentally got onto our field we would run to Manny and he would boot the hell out of the ball (he used to play soccer or something).
$C: My custodian in elementary school was Mr Larry. He was an older guy that was just like a grandfather figure to all of us. He was the nicest man ever.

I ended up getting new neighbors in middle school. Turns out Mr Larry's daughter and her family bought the house. All of us neighborhood kids loved seeing him again (we were all around the same age and had been out of elementary school for a year or two by this time). I still see him every now and then and he's exactly like I remember.
$C: I’m a teacher. The head of our janitorial staff at school is hands down one of the nicest, friendliest people I have ever had the pleasure of meeting. He is at school before everyone else and leaves well after we are all gone and never complains about a thing. He takes great care in his job and his staff members are all great people who are as happy as they are helpful. I make sure my students understand just how important they are, and many of them are actually quite appreciative of them. 
$C: We had Mr.Bill. i don't know where he is now but dude was a boss. Always respected the demeanor that guy had with children. Rock on Bill.
$C: My mom was a custodian at the high school. She loved it. She loved all the kids and they all loved her. 
$C: I remember my elementary school custodian, Mr. Heilman. He would always smile and say hello to anyone that he passed by in the hallways. I think he was retiring at the same time I was finishing fifth grade, and there was a school-wide retirement party for him at the end of the year.
$C: Heck yes. We would have followed our elementary school custodian Leroy to the ends of the earth. He sang Nat King Cole every day and was probably the most positive human I’ve ever known. 
$C: My mother is currently an elementary school custodian, riding it out until she retires. Easy work for someone like her, in such a small school. The stories I hear her tell make me think that in a few years, a lot of the kids she mentions will be like the commentators in this thread. 

It's hard to forget the cool janitor!
$C: One of our custodians back in first grade gave me his old catchers mitt. I don’t play baseball but I kept it till this day. It’s been about 21 years. 
$C: My school had a custodian named Mr. B (nobody knew his full name) and during Halloween he dressed up as a bee and everyone in the lunch room would pound on the tables and chant “Mr.B! Mr.B!”
$C: I would help the janitor from my old middle school too, when I was a kid. He was this really cool and friendly part time retiree, who was the most down to earth guy I've ever known. I on the other hand was this lonely and socially awkward child, who had no friends and was bullied relentlessly by my peers. So instead of going out for recess every day I would help him clean up the cafeteria after lunch since it was safer inside. I know he appreciated the help because every Friday he would give me $10 to buy lunch off the a la carte menu instead of eating the crappy food provided to me through the low income family meal plan. And I appreciated him letting me help him because not only did he provide me with a safe haven from my tormentors, he gave me the gift of having not just someone to talk to who didn't judge me, but someone who made me feel like they enjoyed my company and wanted me around as well. That man honestly was a saint and helping him every day was the only reason I enjoyed going to school.
$C: Our head custodian (we had a big school, and he was in charge of a team of janitors) was a good looking asian dad named Scott. He even had a facebook fan page. 
$C: Well fuck me. My custodian would take your seat during lunch when you got up to throw out your trash. If you mentioned it, he’d say “YOU SNOOZE YA LOSE”
$C: My elementary custodian was named Al. He always greeted us kids with the BEST smile and you could see his gold tooth so clearly. His vacuum cleaner was epic. It was about the size of a large shop vac on wheels but I’m pretty sure it was a legitimate vacuum cleaner. My dad (strangely enough even now) played Santa for our school one year. I remember my mother warned the morning of on the way to school that I could not divulge this to anyone! I so vividly remember leaving the auditorium as my classmates argued over who was playing Santa. It was so hard to observe because I wanted to brag on my dad. The consensus was that it must be Al. Al was a kind black man with a black beard and my dad is white.
$C: My elementary school custodian was also named Al! And he was part of a classic rock cover band with the music teacher! Haha
$C: Mine was Mr Thorpe he was the nicest man ever and we would stay to help clean the cafeteria after lunch
$C: Jesus. I'm welling up.  I remember my custodian from elementary school. Nice, hard working man.
$C: My great custodian was also Al!

But our elementary school only went to 5th.
$C: Mr. Stan was ours. Def remember him. Don’t remember any after elementary though.
$C: My Al was "Mr Roy". He looked like a nerdier version of Dr Grant from Jurassic Park and he had the coolest office in the school. Him and the lunch lady (Mrs Souza) made elementary school a little easier to bare.
$C: My elementary school custodian was the nicest guy ever. His name was Pete. No kid was too shy to talk to Pete.

Anyway, I collected crystals and minerals as a kid and I was wearing some of them in a necklace pouch one day. Pete noticed my pouch and asked what was in it, so I showed him my crystals.

He told me he was a collector too and promised to bring his collection in to show me. I didn’t expect him to remember, but the next day he found me before class started and we went into the lunch room with a bunch of other kids to check them out. He was crazy knowledgeable and showed me a lot of stones I hadn’t seen before. 

One of the pieces he had was a necklace and he slyly asked if I knew what the stone on it was and delighted to know the answer I replied, “That’s hematite!” He was so impressed I knew the stone that he gave me the necklace. I still have it. 

$C: Our elementary custodian was also the shit. He always gave me pomegranates and sugar cane. It was also an honor to be asked by him to help because you knew he was a straight forward guy and he wouldn't ask just anyone to help him with a job. I forget his name but he was one of many special people in that school. 
$C: I’m so sorry this happened to you. I’m a teacher. My first year teaching I met my future husband, our school’s custodian! He always worked hard no matter what, and he also happens to be a former marine. He kept with that job for several years, he now works as a mail carrier. One of his superiors in the Marines always told him to do his best no matter what his job may be. Now he makes much more money than I do as a teacher. I’m proud of all his hard work throughout all his jobs.
People are just so unhappy with themselves that they want to make you feel like they do, it makes me feel sad and angry all at the same time.
$C: Not a custodian but I work retail in a higher income area. (I drive 60min to work so I don't lol) 

Had some lady with her teenage girls come down my aisle and as they walked past they pretty much said the same thing. That if they don't study and work hard they will be on their knees just like me. They all laughed. Was a difficult day that day. I feel your pain. 

Also thanks for your service man. 

Edit: Thanks guys. I appreciate all the support. Just remember to wash your fruit!
$C: Fuckkk that teacher. 

Seriously, you guys put in that year round work and it's a thankless job. Our janitor was also a mentor to so many of my students. 
$C: I'm sorry brother, alot of people have ego over others they know nothing about.. life is full of arrogant ignorance but I really believe most of us have good hearts and care for people we don't even know 
$C: Me and my brother own a cleaning business together, and I’m also a Navy vet. Was cleaning a clients office space after a bring your kid to work day and some entitled parent told their kid to stay in school and work hard or else you will work jobs like this guy. As bad as I wanted to snap on that person, the department manager, who knew me personally, told the little boy “ Yea, you can make more money than your dad by serving this country and being a small business owner.” The not so great parent came up to me afterwards embarrassed and apologetic. Definitely the best day on the job. 
$C: Fuck that teacher. 

We appreciate you man. You worked 3 jobs to support your family, in addition to 8 years as a marine and time as a custodian. You spent so much time in the service of others, you’re a special dude. 

Thank you for your service, and I hope your family is doing better. 
$C: She probably pissed because you probably made more than her.
$C: She’s trash! I learned more about work ethic and keeping a positive attitude (which I consider to be equally as valuable as the degree I earned) from the middle aged Mexican men working in kitchens and the like then I ever did from a teacher. In my day to day life I draw on my experiences working with them far more then any classroom time! Izzy and Rafa, I’m talking about you!
$C: Fuck that teacher. 
The custodian at my school was such a sweet man. He would save all the shred bins and would sneak them to the seniors on their final day to run down the halls throwing the paper! He would buy Gatorade for kids and even give out candy. Such an amazing kind hearted person. I would consider it an honor to be like him. 
$C: I’m so sorry that happened. 
$C: I'm really, really sorry that happened to you. 
$C: I'd rather my kids grow up kind to others than smart assholes. Sorry that happened to you
$C: She doesn't realize that without the custodial crew, the school would be uninhabitable within a couple of weeks. She's an ignorant foolish person. 
$C: Stuff like this boils my blood. What a shitty teacher. It's sad that there are people who are so shallow and narrow sighted like that teaching our younger generation. But it's a fact of life unfortunately.

There's nothing to be ashamed about being a custodian, or trash man, or any other thankless but absolutely necessary job. 

Part of me wishes you had confronted the teacher and explained your situation so they could feel shitty and ashamed for being so narrow minded. But then again, someone who would say or think those things probably would justify it in their head with some absurd bullshit. So whatever. 

Either way, I hope everything turned out for the best in the end. 
$C: I'm so sorry.  The custodians at my school are so freakin' amazing.  I wish you could be in the environment at my school.
$C: That's messed up.  She should have kept that coment to herself.
$C: I used to clean at a hospital and a middle aged woman says to what I am assuming was her grand daughter of about 11 or 12 "THAT is why you need to stay in school right there!" And pointed at me. 

I graduated high school.  I also have post secondary education and was employed in that field but I make nearly double working this union job AND I have benefits.... so stick it up your ass lady.

Also had a student nurse ask another student nurse where the "shit eatter" was. This was apparently what all the student nurses referred to the housekeepers as. Student nurse 2 pointed at me and said "right there." 

The manager of my department complained to the director of the ward I was cleaning that day. The director of the ward just HAPPENED to be a man who's house I clean once a week and he was very fucking pissed off. Last I heard about it both student nurses were told they could no longer complete their training at our hospital and thanks to their ignorance, ALL student nurses coming to train at our facility now have to take a full day sensitivity class before stepping foot in it. 

$C: A better lesson would have been for the teacher to tell the kids that it doesn’t matter what you do to earn a living - you could be a janitor...or a teacher, but you should always have pride in doing your job well, like u/shamgarthejudge. 
$C: That's fucked bro. Thanks for your service and much love to you and your family. Keep grinding.
$C: I'm a custodian. I'm also going to school for engineering. I consider myself lucky to have a job which includes health insurance, decent pay, vacation, and job security. Not to mention I never have to question the ethics of what I do; I'm there to make sure the students and teachers don't get sick.

I'll never understand that teacher's mentality.
$C: Holy shit. This is terrible. I'm a teacher and my children are taught to respect the people that actual run the school ie the custodians, admins, lunch servers, and yard monitors. Being gainfully employed is a goal for all children. Shame on that teacher. 
$C: Fucking BAMCIS.
$C: Damn that hits hard. I feel you man. I’m a painter and most the time I look like I’m homeless(hard to stay clean when you paint). I’ve had some mean shit said to me and definitely have had the “well if you went to college maybe you’d have a better job” card thrown at me. 
But I bite my tongue and go home. They don’t need to know I make six figures without a college degree lol. 
$C: Damn that's wrong. Kids need to learn to respect everyone. You can't judge a person by their job or trade. Thank you for your service. 

Things like this always remind me of Good Will Hunting. Where they were talking about professions. 

"That's an honorable profession. What's wrong with..with fixing somebody's car. Someone can get to work the next day because of me. There's honor in that" 
$C: Props for keeping your cool and in sorry that happened, people are the worst
$C: Dude... WTF. There are two types of people in this world: Those who see certain people as "failures" because of what they are doing and those who understand that "those people" --all people-- are just trying to have good lives and that you don't judge people based on your weird and taught notions, conceptions, and stereotypes.

My wife is a teacher and so were my parents. That's appealing to hear a damn teacher talk like that, but just know even teachers fight amongst each other and know which ones are douchebags. 
$C: I am sorry you had to go through that. My teacher always told us " it's doesn't matter what your job is, as long you are giving your best". A good custodian > A bad teacher.
$C: I can relate to this story. A couple years back I was working on a project in northern Colorado near Weld county. There was terrible flooding from all the rain wiping out part of the highway, oil batteries were floating everywhere, it was a proper mess. I was one of the junior engineers who was going around with the epa and our client trying and figure out the extend of the  damage was and how to remediate the impacted areas. One afternoon I was sitting in a McDonald’s to eat lunch and catch up on emails in my construction garb and I overhear a mom telling her son to make sure he goes to college so he doesn’t end up like me. 

I’m going to be honest that hurt a lot. What struck me the most was how much she didn’t care to hide it. 

After hearing that I did turn around and tell her that I went to school and what I was doing up there to which she immediately apologized and looked embarrassed. 

Just because someone is doing a job you may not find appealing, doesn’t mean you should put them down and make an example of them.  I’ve known a couple janitors and they were truly great people who just wanted to help be part of creating a better place. 
$C: "There are no small jobs, just small people." 
It's really true. I've worked construction, tended bar and as a lawyer. Some of the best people I know I met in the former and almost all of the worst in the latter. 
$C: We had an assembly where the principal told the entire class to stay in school because  “you don’t want to end up being a janitor...” while the 3 janitorial staff were standing in the back. She immediately realized her mistake and had to apologize over the mic. Even as a child it made me cringe so hard.
$C: I’m so sorry she did that. I *hate* that mindset so so much. I worked at Wendy’s in college, and the people I worked with were overall really great people. One man was maybe mid50s, and he had gotten a DUI so he rode his bike to work every day. And you know what? He was kind and respectful and dependable. He was trying to make his life better and do right by the people around him. If we think *those* aren’t qualities to be lauded, regardless of the “status” of the job, then we’ve failed as humans. 

(Side story: this little boy once came in with his grandma. They ordered a *ton* of food, so for one tray, I said, “Hold on! Let me count these!” and I counted out the burgers and drinks that were on that tray (they ended up with four trays’ worth of food from their order). And this asshole kid says in a really mocking tone, “Good job! You counted to ten!” His grandmother said NOTHING. I was so shocked. First, I’m giving you delicious food so try being grateful. Second, why are we teaching kids to judge having jobs? Third, it doesn’t matter because those jobs are *enough* and I don’t think anyone holds less worth for not being highly-educated, but I was in college and the time and was studying for the GRE. I would go on to crush that test and do very well in grad school. So, yeah, asshole kid that smells kind of like poop, I *can* count to ten.)
$C: Hope you're working a better career now. You didn't deserve that treatment. Frankly very few would. 
$C: That’s horrible. I’m really sorry that teacher was so awful to you. 
$C: I had a pretty shitty experience with one of my teachers growing up that really stuck with me. He (probably like the lady who mocked you) was terrible to certain kids and tried to be cool with others.  
Makes me sick that an educator would behave that way. You did the right thing, hope all is well!
$C: I’m sorry that happened to you. That’s so fucked up. Thanks for being an awesome person. 
$C: A lot of people have been saying this, but seriously that's messed up. I just wanted to say that I am so happy that strong people like you still exist in this world. You definitely came out in top of that fight by being so kind, patient, and most of all brave. I respect your work. Never be ashamed of it :) 

By the way, the custodian was definitely everyone's favorite person in my high school. When he retired at the end of the year, he got an honorary degree from the school and hugged every single person from my graduating class, right after receiving their diploma. Great memory for me 
$C: How awful of that teacher to do that!! There is no shame in having a job, let alone THREE!! OP, you sound wonderful. Thank you for your service! 
$C: I mean... let’s not act like an elementary teacher is some Rhodes scholar.  When you’re young, you think they’re the smartest people in the world, but when you grow up, you realize a lot of them don’t know shit.  They can read a book that tells them what to write on the board and can interact with children.

Having said all that, there are A LOT of teachers who go beyond what is expected of them, and that should be met with higher wages.  But, the world we live in would rather pay everyone by how many years they’ve been employed with a school district than by merit.
$C:  Sorry that teacher was so nasty.  At my first teaching job we all hung out...secretaries, custodian, teachers, paras...We were a big family.  Makes life so much more enjoyable when all are treated with respect.
$C: God damn that teacher sucked! 
$C: I am so sorry that happened to you. This story is a good example of why I try my best to never assume. 

Most people don't end up where they are based on their shortcomings, it is almost always random luck and circumstances. 

I remember in college I walked up to a construction area on campus and asked what they were doing, I was genuinely curious and the best place to ask was the workers themselves. The dude didn't quite hear me and thought I insulted him so he started yelling at me. When I told him I didn't insult him, he apologized for yelling and told me that many college students talk down to him. I was honestly shocked, I would never do that and society needs people at all levels. You should never look down on people for doing those jobs. 

I respect people for doing what they have to to survive and taking care of me in ways that I prolly never appreciate but I wish I did. So thank you for taking care of others. Even if they didn't appreciate it, I do. 
$C: That made my heart hurt for you. I'm sorry someone made you feel that way. 
$C: Dude, this reminded me of when I was with my dad signing God knows what sort of legal paper. 

He asked the girl who was doing the "grunt work" what she majored in. She responded with economics..... i was very young but had expressed potential interest in economics. Afterwards my dad questioned if I wanted to continue to become someone like her, someone who majored in economics but is subordinate to the "real" decision makers. 

Moral of the story is that some people are so fucking full of themselves. 
$C: That's insane. Working an honest job helping to maintain and make better a place of education is something to scoff at? I can't believe that person still has their job, shaping our children like this
$C: That’s horrible. I’m so sorry that happened to you... Thank you for your service and I’m so sorry you’ve been so under appreciated. 
$C: Wow, fuck her. I am constantly telling our students about how much our custodians do for them and that without them our school might actually fall apart.
$C: That's messed up. I'm a teacher and it really pisses me off that someone in that position with kids would say such a nasty (and flat out stupid thing). Hard to hear you quit. 
$C: Fuck that teacher, just a salty person who eats McDs for lunch everyday.
$C: Oh no :(
I’m sorry that happened. 

Whenever my own children are around custodians, service workers, landscapers, etc. (like if we’re walking in the aisle at a grocery store past somebody mopping) I teach my kids to stay out of their way, don’t make extra messes, clean up their own stuff off restaurant tables, and always say “thank you.” Because it’s a hard job! 
$C: I’m a waiter and I’ve heard people say the same thing to their kids as I’m walking away. I also have a bachelor’s degree and I’m just doing my best to survive. Hard work and tough jobs need to get done and say nothing about the intelligence of the people doing them. 

Thank you for all that you do! 
$C: Man, I've seen some pricks at work, but reading this doesn't make my jaw drop any less.
$C: Semper Fi brother. JJ DID TIE BUCKLE and your actions in that moment were just that. Kudos :)

This is fucking awesome to see. Your job, your status, your car, your house, etc do not matter. You, your core, and your actions do, and I am glad these children and this school did this for this man.

Judge not lest ye be judged.


$C: I was raised to treat the janitor the same as the CEO
$C: Ugh. I'm sorry. 

That woman probably lives a miserable life and her only source of control is over children- which is just as sick as it is wrong. 

Also, thank you for your service. 
$C: Imagine going to uni 4 years and thinking you're better than an educated marine helping his mum.
$C: Bro legit been there when I was working as a custodian.  I was working as a custodian as a solid, steady job while I applied to grad schools.  I was already having a fucking tough day after getting rejected letters from a few schools I had applied to and then someone said some shit like that about me.  It fucking crushes your spirit man.  I know I went to a mop closet and fucking bawled my eyes out.  I feel your pain brother and I always got your back.
$C: This reminds me of a story my dad told me a few years back:

My father runs his own lawn business (which is really a one man show, because he rarely gets help). My uncle, who's a beloved history teacher in his home state, came down to Florida to visit us one year. Within ear distance of my father, he told his sons to stay in school or they'd end up like my dad. 

My father had always been self-conscious about dropping out of high school, but real shit, I've met few people who've shown even a portion of his work ethic. He'd work 5 to 6 days a week in the scorching Florida sun, attend most of my school events, and take care of my grandmother nearly every day. The commitment he's shown to his family and the example that he's set for me is worthy of wearing like a badge of honor, even if it isn't materialized like a degree.

As a result of his impact, I take my studies extremely serious and work to support myself because he's already given me so much growing up. Although a whole classroom of students don't appreciate him, I aspire to match even a fraction of his greatness!
$C: Man i swear this story made my blood boil...some people are just assholes.
$C: Both of my parents are doctors. When I was in high school, I wanted some experience working, so my mother got me a job at her medical office entering the doctors’ notes into the digital records. It was a very simple job, one that someone who hadn’t finished high school (such as myself at the time) could do. 

Lots of people at the office told me to make sure I studied, stayed in school, and went to college so I could get a good job like my parents and not be “stuck” with a job like the one I was doing forever. But here’s the thing: it was never the doctors or the nurses telling me that. It was the custodial staff, the security guards, my direct coworkers keeping the records. They all wanted to warn me not to end up like them. 

This was so shocking to me, because I in no way looked down on any of them, and saw absolutely no shame in the work the we’re doing and I was doing. But they had internalized such a sense of inferiority that they didn’t need anyone else saying their jobs were nothing to strive for, they just said it themselves. 

I’m a teacher myself now, and I always try to make sure I treat everyone, my fellow teachers, the principal, the custodial staff, everyone, with respect, and that’s the kind of attitude I hope my kids take away. That we’re all human, and that the job you do has nothing to do with the respect you deserve. 
$C: Like the teachers make any money. For him to act superior to you! What a joke!

I hope that you are happy and healthy and I hope you’re able to see beauty in tough situations unlike that teacher. 
$C: so sorry to hear about this experience. you sound like a great person who was doing his best and the teacher failed to show any semblance of empathy towards you or anyone else in the room like those children. why should they fear being a hard working person? we glorify wealth FAR too much to begin with. people need purpose. maintaining the environment in which the children of the world learn to be human is pretty motherfucking important. nobody has a shred of perspective or empathy anymore and it leads everyone to take the world for granted.
$C: WTF, what right did he (she?) have to say that?  A middle school teacher is the shittiest job I can think of that requires a college degree.
$C: Man,  I'm sorry. That teacher sucks. Most of the custodians I know make better money than teachers. So jokes on her. 
$C: Unskilled labour makes the world function. Don't shit all over the people who clean up your shit. 
$C: Thank you for your service! 
$C: You deserve better than that. My wife is a teacher, and I know she would never say something so inconsiderate, but if she did I'd hand her divorce papers.

On a lighter note, what was your favorite memory from the Marine Corps?
$C: Killer, you have more composure and self respect than I do.  I would like to believe I would have said all those things to the class right there.  As you well know, there is nothing wrong living a life of service to others.  It might feel bad sometimes but I like to believe what makes us is our ability to give.  So thank you devil, and happy early birthday, I hope you and your family are doing well.  Always faithful, always fortunate and always grateful.  
$C: Yo what the fuck? What a terrible as person to say something like that. 
$C: I remember one of the kids in my class getting detention or something a while back for making fun of the custodian. Teacher was absolutely furious when she heard what that little shit had said. It's been a while so the details are fuzzy but holey moley, I think she was more  furious than when I put mashed chocolate cake on her teachers' chair.
$C: Disgusting teacher that was, truly revolting. Low IQ people are most often the type who thinks their career defines the quality of person they are, as opposed to their actions and ethics. 

&#x200B;

If don't care who you are or what your job is, I care about your actions towards others and towards yourself. 
$C: Ya know, this makes my blood boil. I've had similar side comments made to me as well but it was usually by aides or assistants. I take great pleasure knowing I make more than they do and just smile on. 

Sorry you had such a wench. Although thankless and most people ignore you, it's not the worst job and not everyone is that bad.
$C: I am with you. And I know these kind of people. I get strange looks from colleagues sometimes when I greet the cleaning lady, worker who fixes the floor or whatever, janitor, custodian, secretary, co-workers, group leader, head of department, director, whoever with exactly the same words, the same smile, the same kindness.

Everyone is doing their job. And if it was for me the payment gap wouldn't be tenfold between these people.
$C: I guess without the shitty people in the world we wouldn't truly be able to appreciate the good ones
$C: A head day custodian in my district makes 30+/hr 🤷🏻‍♀️
$C: Did you ever say anything to the teacher?  


What a piece of trash, some pun intended.
$C: Absolute trash. 
$C: I might just stop cleaning her room, maybe help her realize how important your job was lmao.
$C: I'm sorry that happened to you. I've never had a teacher who would ever say something like that. Even if he was joking, it's a shitty joke. Shit I even applied for a school janitor job once cuz it paid pretty damn good. 

Idk if I couldve held my tongue like you did.  I'm sure you obviously know, but theres zero shame in being a school janitor, it's a job that needs done, and in my experience the people that do it were way better men than I am today.  What a fuckface teacher. I'm literally mad for you lol
$C: I bet the fucker was told. Hope he felt like shit. Thanks for your service!
$C: Honestly she's a terrible example of a teacher and shouldn't be if that's how she thinks. Janitors are some of the friendliest people I've ever met and am glad y'all are around! Thanks for your service as well man. Fuck that bitch
$C: Ugh. We all have reasons for being where we are, and we should not put down people for not meeting some imagined arbitrary social standard.  Also some of us are actually happier doing certain jobs that others wouldn't understand.  Talk about an utterly horrible attitude to impart in kids.  We should not disrespect people like that.  Someone could have just as easily told that teacher that they should get an even higher education so they wouldn't have to work such a shit job like her.  It's all about perspective and we can shit on anyone if we want to.  Really gross of someone to do that, especially as an educator to children ugh wtf.  

Regardless of it all, remember this woman likely had her own issues that caused her to be this way. People who are assholes tend to be miserable deep down because how we treat others often reflects on our attitude towards ourselves.  Despite that, I think it would have been fine or even good to call her out on front of the kids.  But often being put in such situations - we're too much in shock to react.  I think you did the right thing.  
$C: You should have clapped back after she said that with something along the lines of

"That's right kids, you can join the military, and get a master's degree in making the world sparkle."

I hope you're still doing your best to make the world sparkle.
$C: Which ever job u have it doesn't matter were all slaves to the same system difference is some of us make more then others, have you ever thought of why we do the same thing every day its same routine!
$C: Semper Fi brother
$C: 🖕🏿 that teacher
$C: I might be a little late and excuse my ignorance, but don't former marines have benefits that they don't really need to work anymore?
$C: This is why I'll always argue that teachers get payed just the right amount.
$C: I agree that what the teacher said was wrong.

What would you have said in that situation? I’m not excusing what the teacher said to any degree, just genuinely curious. How do you instill in a student (especially young) that if you work hard you will have a better chance to have a better job, while also making sure that they do respect everyone, no matter what they do?

Possibly to keep them separate? Instead of making a comment about how bad the job is, just tell the students to thank you; make the students have respect for what you do. Then during class emphasize, in other ways besides degrading other jobs, that hard work is most likely to pay off. 

Just to add: Thank you for serving our country. I’m also sorry to hear that you went through a really rough time in your life. It sounds like you’re in a better place now, I’m glad. AND thank you for serving our education system. 


$C: I would suggest taking the time to speak personally to that teacher, either by phone or email or in person. The teacher should know you deserve respect and the awful effect poorly used words can have. You should respectfully teach that “teacher” a lesson! I bet you wouldn’t  wouldn’t regret it if you did.
$C: Teacher are some of the most entitled judgemental people I have met.  
$C: Obviously they should enter the incredibly competitive field of middle school teachers so they can toil away for 40k a year and shit benefits like the absolute genius teaching them basic algebra
$C: Classist shithead teacher. I've been there man we do what we need to do. 
$C: Holy shit, that line of thinking is so fucking toxic. You should always teach children to respect honest labor. That‘s the jobs that keep the world running. We *need* people to do them just as much as we need CEOs, yet we show them so little appreciation.

I‘m heartbroken about what happened man, but you did the right thing by leaving. I promise you I will never let my children develop that attitude.
$C: Shit man. 8 years in military, 4 years in college and then working 3 jobs? You're some hard ass motherfucker.
$C: >I knew retaliation wouldn't show a good example to the kids.


Why not? It would show them that nobody has the right to make you less, or make you feel bad, just for the work you or anyone can have. 
$C: Fuck that lady. You’re the real MVP
$C: > "This is why you need to do your homework and study for your tests, otherwise you'll end up like that man." 

funny how things are different here. custodians are public jobs and are one of the most privileged as in days off, leeway and such (like people could actually do nothing, get 6 months of six days every year and such and no one will say anything or fire you) so it's one of those "dream job" like Man I wish I knew someone that could put me in a place like that. 
$C: Sorry that teacher spoke about you that way. We told our boys growing up that some jobs are tough, like driving a truck. And to always be thankul for those that do that work. EVERYONE makes the world go around, we are all important.
$C: When I was a custodian at a middle school there was a kid that got in trouble a lot so they started to punish him by making him clean the school with me.

At first I was annoyed because I just wanted clean and go home, not babysit. But, we got to talking. The kid was pretty funny and a lot of the shit he got in trouble for was just plain stupid. I seemed to be someone he felt like he could talk to freely. His home situation was shit and often school was shit, so I was glad he at least had one adult there that he could be himself around without concern.

We kind of became friends and there were a lot of days he would just come help me on his own accord. Hanging out with him helped make cleaning up after middle school kids fun.

One of the things we did together was haul all the garbage outside and see how far we could stand back from the dumpster and still toss the bags inside. He named it “trashketball”.

Eight years later I still miss playing trashketball with him. I hope he’s doing alright.
$C: You got detention for refusing to change clothes in front of other people???
$C: Whats so bad about dressing down? 
$C: You didn’t wear gym uniform the day you had PE?
$C: the other middle schoolers might not have wanted to do it either, but they did it right? 
$C: Thank you Kevin!
$C: Thanks Kevin! You da best!!!
$C: Thanks Kevin!
$C: Yes seriously thank you.  My office mates eat and drink some nasty stuff and the leftovers in the garbage get pretty rank.  Without our version of you, I would hate even being there.
$C: You da man Kev
$C: Kevin. You're the best. 
$C: HAVE MY CHILDREN, KEVIN!
$C: Thank you, buddy.
$C: You are appreciated Kevin. I’m now going to thank the cleaning staff when I can. 
$C: Thanks Kev!
$C: KEVIN! KEVIN! KEVIN! 
$C: #KevinForPresident2027
$C: Thanks kevin!
$C: We love you Kevin!
$C: Seriously, you guys are the unsung heroes of most businesses. Having to take care of janitorial stuff myself has given me a whole new appreciation.
$C: At yo, good shit Kev, keep it up. 
$C: You're a homie, thanks! 
$C: Thanks for everything you do!  You're the best for doing that job!
$C: Thanks Kev
$C: Thank you Kevin, very cool!
$C: Thanks, Kevin! 
$C: Yes Big Kev, nice one mate.
$C: Thank you for your hard work Kevin! 
$C: Kevin,

You probably don't clean our particular office, but you are appreciated. The food crumbs, mud tracks, and copious amounts of lace and glitter don't just magically disappear from our carpets overnight, and we know that. *We know that.*

You should show up during the day sometime. We would seriously throw you a party. In the tiled break room, for your sake.

Best regards.
$C: kev-OH

.... thanks, bruv 
$C: My name is also Kevin and I work in an office building that has custodians. You da real MVP, Kevin.
$C: Trust me, there are some who appreciate it.  Thank you for what you do.
$C: Take my thanks for those who dont thank you like you deserve.
THANKS Kevin 
$C: Thank you so much for your work, Kevin. No one in these comments is being ironic. Your hard work isn't for nothing. ❤
$C: Dude, office custodians are heroes in my book. Thanks for doing your thing, Kevin!
$C: Shout out to Kevin one time!
$C: I work in an iron foundry.  I am quite gratefull for the work our cleaners do.  Thank you.
$C: Thanks Kevin. We appreciate you
$C: I knew you weren't a real accountant. How long did the chili stain the carpet?
$C: Thanks Kev
$C: Thank you Kevin 
$C: we love you kevin! i hope you have a great day, a great week, and a great life bud
$C: Thanks Kevin!!
$C: Thanks so much Kevin!
$C: Thank you. We appreciate you!
$C: Thanks Kevin!!!!! ❤️ You da best. 
$C: You’re appreciated. Don’t forget it!
$C: Thanks Kevin 
$C: Thanks Kevin! You make the world better
$C: You're awesome Kevin.. thank you!!
$C: Thank you for everything you do Kevin!!!
$C: I love you Kevin
$C: Kevin, I don't know where we'd be without you. We appreciate all your hard work everyday. Thanks, Kevin. 
$C: Thanks Kevin!
$C: You’re awesome, Kevin!
$C: Thanks Kevin, we need more people like you!
$C: We really appreciate you---please keep up the great work. You're an awesome person
$C: I work in an office building, and I know it doesn't seem like it, but there are people there that appreciate what you do for them. My office space is so clean and wonderful, and it's because a lovely woman comes and dusts, and vacuums the floor and makes sure we have a nice, well kept place to do our work. It makes work life just a little bit nicer. 

You directly enrich the lives of others, and some of us see you. 

Thank you, honestly. 
$C: Kevin, I'm sorry I left a shit in the ceo's personal bathroom after he fired a bunch of my fellow employees. He was incompetent but he probably made you clean it up... And for that, I'm sorry..
$C: I've worked in many office buildings, in each one my favorite person was the custodian. Most were older and spoke very little English, but they always had a smile on their face and joke around with me.
$C: Hey, how come you guys don't vacuum my office???
$C: You sir, are an unsung hero.  A messy office and dirty bathrooms have a greater effect than you might think.  You have a direct impact on morale, wellness, and productivity. 

Thanks Kevin!
$C: Kevin! Thanks man!
$C: Thank you Kevin!
$C: Kevin, you make this world better for being in it, and doing what you do, and for that I thank you!
$C: Thank you Kevin! 
$C: Good on you Kev! Love your work! Thanks <3
$C: Thank you Kevin!
$C: Keep it up Kevin. Youre the man!
$C: You're the best Kevin ! Hope happiness finds you when you least expect it !
$C: Thank you kevin
$C: What you do matters. And I'm sure you do a great job at it. Thank you Kevin. 
$C: Thank you Kevin! Life would suck without you. Thanks a lot, man!
$C: Thank you Kevin, you're the sweetest! I hope you are rested, and stressfree after your next shift!
$C: Way to go, Kev!
$C: Thank you Kevin! 
$C: Thanks bro!
$C: Thanks Kevin!
$C: Kevin I love you ❤️
$C: You from Indiana?
$C: Thank you bus driver...I mean, Kevin.
$C: Thank you, Kevin! You're the man!
$C: I'm like 8 hours late lmao, but thank you Kevin!
$C: Man..... I wasn't fishing y'all, but thank you Reddit peeps! Thank you stranger for the Gold! Can I donate Gold?
$C: Thanks man!
$C: Thanks Kev!
$C: Kevin, it is not a thankless job.. You save the people from the germs. If there weren't for you think about all the dust and trash that would compile. Cleaning staff is one of the main pillars of the society along with all the others. 
$C: Thanks Kevin. But.. someone dropped an entire fucking pot of chilli on the floor.. can you please?
$C: Kevin you're such a disease?
$C: I thought you worked in accounting?
$C: Thank you Kevin
$C: Thank you for doing what you do Kevin!!
$C: Society wouldnt fuction without people like you.

You are literally and figuratively a pillar of this society. 
$C: Thank you Kevin
$C: Thank you, Kevin. You're the best!
$C: Thank you Kevin!
$C: someone give this man some gold. thanks Kevin! (damn why did I get downvotes, he even got gold too lmao) 
$C: I've worked menial, I've worked professional. You're goddamn right.
$C: My mom used to bring me and my brother to help clean at her second job some nights when she was too tired from her normal job. Did it for a few months maybe once a week then somebody filmed us going in with her and gave it to her boss and they fired her. 
$C: At the job I just left, we had an office handyman who would do the repairs, move heavy stuff, ECT. He spoke mostly Spanish, and I do not, but I always told him hi and tried to talk to him as much as I could. Now I'm thinking I wonder how he's doing! 

Edit: I wonder how he's doing since I don't work there anymore, and he wasn't there when I quit. I had to take a few weeks off this year (big part of my quitting) and he asked where I was when I came back, so I feel bad that I didn't say bye!
$C: god bless you man and god bless them
$C: They are also paid like shit and normally work 2 to 3 other jobs to pay the bills unless they are on the management normally custodial is 2-5 dollars less than other jobs. My home town where I use to work it paid about 10 an hour starting while mc donalds was hiring for 14 an hour starting. 
$C: Can confirm the sweet ladies that clean our office appreciate us just moving the cans out from under our desks as they clean through the day. 
$C: Dude, get weird. Give her like $200 for Christmas. 
$C: Working around people is so awkward. I did cleaning for some dialysis clinics for a couple months about a year ago, one of the places I had to clean was a wearhouse for the medication of these clinics so I had to go in during office hours for security reasons, and the whole time it's just awkward, especially when you are cleaning the women's bathroom and someone walks in. 

During that time, I was only doing 6 hour work weeks but even then it felt so physically demanding even though it really wasn't. I don't know how people can make it a full time job. Cleaning up someone else's literal crap can change ya, especially the horror stories I've heard and have personally experienced.
$C: Yeah I try doing the same thing with the garbage cans but at the same time I don’t want it to seem like I don’t want her in my office or around me. So am I being helpful of an asshole? Idk I should ask. 
$C: I came to America with my parents as refugees. I was about 7 or 8. Spent the next 10 years cleaning offices, banks, churches, car dealerships,etc from 6-10pm (depending on the night). Usually around 3-5 days a week including fridays especially. 

I want to let you know how great it is for you to leave your trash bin outside your office (even if you're not there / leave before they clean). My parents didnt care as much but I'm sure a little bit of you does when you have to ask someone (in broken english) if you can take their trash for them...especially someone half your age who may or may not look down upon you. If not, I'm sure its embarrassing for parents to show up with their kid at 9pm on a school night or any other night to clean offices and take out trash. I know how embarrassed I was as a kid/preteen/teen/adult to do it with my parents and it always killed me a little to have to look at people in the eyes and ask for their trash. 

Thanks again. And yes the food is always appreciated... you never know who is hungry...or could just use a pick-me-up gesture regardless.
$C: I actually run a janitorial cleaning company with my family. We are family owned and operated. I’ve worked as a janitor growing up throughout high school and college. Moved into management out of college and I oversee 50 or so accounts (other managers have their share as well).

Everyday my job consists of complaints. “Your employee didn’t clean every little inch of my counter top last night.” “-Sigh...- Is this going to be a common problem with your employee? Seems like INSERT NAME isn’t that intelligent. They can’t even clean!”

Every once in a while, maybe once every few years, there’s always that special client that takes the time to talk about how wonderful their cleaner is. They tell me they consider them an employee of THEIR building and treat them as such. One of my clients gave one of my employees a $200 Walmart gift card so her children could get supplies and backpacks for school. My client didn’t have to do that, but they did. They overheard her talking to her daughter that worked with her saying they needed another part time job to afford supplies for her youngest son. Because of that client, I even offered her a raise above budget because she truly deserved it and worked hard. These janitors and cleaners don’t get treated very well.. and it’s really nice to hear stories about people who do something as small as leaving some left over pizza. 

Honestly, thank you. You’re the kind of client that keeps me from losing my hair. It sucks when you work in a field where the only interaction you get is in the form of complaints. 
$C: Then do everything you can to make sure they make a living wage and that they and their children have access to free healthcare and schooling. 
$C: My mother is a cleaning lady for commercial buildings and stays late at night cleaning up after people that don’t think twice about her. I can’t thank you enough for doing a small deed that ultimately makes someone’s job a little easier when the rest do not care. You’re awesome. 
$C: I worked at a store and we had the best cleaning lady who'd come to clean every morning before open. She worked seven days a week cleaning at our store before she went to her other job(s) since the cleaning gig was only 2 hours a day and only paid minimum wage. She had never missed a day until suddenly she started missing a few days every other week. So my GM goes to her to make sure she was okay, and he found out it was because her husband got a new job and he'd have to go in suuuuuper early sometimes, and they didn't have anyone else to watch their two kids that early.

So my boss (this hard-ass Vietnam vet of an old man) tells her to just bring the kids to the store with her, and he'd deal with anyone who said "you're not allowed to do that" and she was so appreciative for his help she just cried. Now, I know he did it to help her, but I also know that he did it because the man loved kids, and her kids were like top tier children. Super cute and insanely well behaved.

I loved the mornings with the kids, cuz I loved those kids too and so did everyone else, but I especially loved seeing my hard-ass boss with them. He'd get things like cookies or small toys and remove them from inventory so the kids could have them. He'd always make sure they had milk or juice to drink. He'd also get them little candies or chocolates. Always with mom's permission, but he would make it seem soooo special for the kids they LOVED it. He loved it too and it was the sweetest thing to watch this tough guy turn into this adorable Grandpa in Action.

There was one morning I came around a corner and caught him peeling off a couple $20s from his wad of cash and pressing it into her hand saying "for milk for the kids," and again she was in tears. She tried to say he didn't need to do that, but he shook his head and said "for the babies," and that was that. He wasn't hurting for money by any means, and he knew how hard she and her husband worked and he couldn't stand the idea of those kids wanting for anything. She was the best cleaning lady. Boss man was the biggest neat freak I've ever met to this day, and she was the only cleaner to ever meet his standards. As demanding as he was, he damn well made sure she was compensated for it. As terrible a job as it is, someone has to do it, and I hope she enjoyed her time at that store.
$C: Our custodial crew comes in about an hour before I leave and starts emptying classroom and conference trashes and such. I've gotten to know our floor's person pretty well, to the point where I have her phone number and have helped her with her resume and such. 

We do what we can to make her life easier, like consolidating trash into one big can instead of multiple tiny ones in each office. I make my student employees take big cardboard boxes out to the recycle bin instead of making the custodian do it.  

Today there was a lunch giveaway in the hall outside my office and at the end of it, there were 10+ boxes just left in the hallway next to a trash can, and the can was stuffed completely overfull and such. Another admin and I got so mad we just took it all out ourselves. Our custodial staff is short as is, it's really not cool to leave stuff like that around for them. The dumpster is literally on the way out of the building. Take your shit with you. 
$C: I'm a Latinx gal, growing up we were taught that no matter what position we hold socially on in a work place, our elders are our elders and they should be treated accordingly. Whatever job I've held, I've bonded exceptionally with our cleaning staff. Some of the best advise I've received were from the cleaning ladies. They'd check to see if I was stressed, whether I had eaten that day, and would give me advise on how to not take crap from my employers. Interactions like those are little pieces of home. 
$C: Our company has another company come in to do the cleaning at night. One of our 3rd shift workers recently found out that one of the cleaning lady's brother had died. She relayed that info to our owner, who sent flowers and then contacted her employer to help cover her PTO so she would get additional time.

Custodial jobs are normally pretty thankless, so it was nice to see the company show its appreciation even though the circumstances were sad.
$C: You are awesome for doing this. I feel the same way about the janitorial staff at my office. They are incredible human beings that really help keep the place clean and running. 
$C: Is her primary language English? You could definitely learn some phrases to say if you cross paths on another late nighter. 

I love chatting with Latino employees at hotels (white guy in California) foreign speakers get a kick out of people knowing their language and making an effort to adhere to *them* instead of them struggling with English. 

Anyway, just a thought!
$C: Yup, at my lab too. The cleaning lady is embarrassed. I try to be as polite as I can be and let her know I appreciate her! 
$C: Not just them but all the unsung heroes that do the jobs that are overlooked, underpaid and under appreciated. They are the ones that keep our society the running. 
$C: If you ever want to understand what these people have to deal with, volunteer to clean your workplace.  You will appreciate the work they do even more.
$C: Thank you for this. Thank you for being a kind person bc I've been the daughter in a very similar situation and although a lot of people take what we do for granted there is always someone who takes their time to say hello, to smile, to thank us and that is very much appreciated and makes our job bearable at times 
$C: There’s a custodian at work who comes and takes our recycling out every morning and I always run into her mopping the floors on my way out. The thing is I’ve been working 10-12 hour days lately, and we definitely get in around the same time. Basically we’ve been looking at each other every day and been like “why... are you still here?” Like do they let her go home? 

Anyway I gave her access to my secret candy stash. 
$C: At my company, we just named the main meeting room after the old cleaning lady. She was before my time, but talking with the CEO and those that were already than, when it was just a startup trying to get their first pay check, she was basically their mother. Making lunch cleaning the office.

Two of her daughters work there now, the other is going to college. She is so beloved that even though she retire a while ago, now that the company is doing really well, she got a bonus and the homage 
$C: This was so wholesome. Bless your heart
$C: That's really nice of you, custodial staff are often sight unseen and rarely get thanks for their work.

I try to always tip the housekeeping staff at hotels by leaving behind 3-4 dollars in cash with a thank you sticky note when I'm checking out, they are really underpaid 
$C: Our cleaning lady brought her son in while working. He stole headphones from a coworkers desk on camera and they fired her. 
$C: Awww. That was very sweet of you! Maybe a gift card to a local restaurant would be great for Christmas?
$C: I clean an office on the weekends to make side money. Been doing it for 5 or 6 years. The best thing ever is when the people leave out their food from parties. 
$C: This breaks my heart a little.
$C: Sometimes, I would stick around late hoping the cleaning lady would come in while I was the only one there. I had sex with her a few times on my desk, then, my it came to the attention of my manager. He found out and I got fired from my job. 

Was that wrong? I don’t know. Because if anyone would have told me when I started that sort of thing was frowned upon, I would never have done it. I worked in a lot of offices before where people did that all the time. 

It’s OK, because now I have a back office job with the Yankees and I get to take naps under my desk. 
$C: I wish I could gold you sir. Or maam.
$C: I’m the candy provider in our office. My desk has an assortment of candy (we all pitch in). I’d like to think our cleaning crew takes a piece or two each time to make their day better, which is exactly our goal for having candy. 
$C: I keep a stash of candy at my desk. I've told every janitor in the building that they are more than welcome to some free candy (and I get the good candy too, not the cheap generic stuff). I genuinely appreciate the work they do. I can't give them what they deserve (a significant pay raise, benefits, and better equipment) but I can tell them I appreciate the work they do and let them have some good candy as a little treat throughout the day.
$C: In her eyes you're there real MVP!
$C: Thanks for the pineapple pizza!!
$C: I recently moved to Costa Rica and where I work the cleaning staff works the same hours as everyone else. They're equals and friends. So different from the states where the cleaning crew is like an untouchable caste we never see. 
$C: I was totally that kid growing up. It's really nice of you to do that for them.  
$C: I remember during my school years we'd have these pizza parties and always we had to save slices for the office staff and the janitors because without them we wouldn't be able to organize events at school. 
$C: I always say hi and ask them how they are. They work physically harder than everyone in that building. 


$C: Same happens to me. I've had my trash skipped several times due to this, it's like they get scared because someone's in there. No please come in and empty my trash, I'd prefer a 10 second interruption over a full day of trash sitting here. 
$C: If she comes in just say hi and ask about her day and tell her you appreciate her work
$C: Totally unrelated, but noted your username, I have been watching the original Naruto series lol. 
$C: It would be really neat if we stop paying them dirt wages.
$C: They work so fucking hard it just makes me so incredibly sad that we have people in the US who view them as “a problem” when they are some of the hardest working most appreciative people I know. 
$C: Meanwhile the assholes at my work won’t even change the garbage bags in the bins. They will literally peel off the yogurt lid stuck to the side of the bag and leave the bag. I was able to count 5 “yogurt rings” before they finally put a new bag in.
$C: I hope you charged for that pizza
$C: Everyone can use a little love and gratification from those they care about.

Edit: Wow! Thanks for the gold and silver. Now I can gift someone silver...
$C: It's really nice to know people appreciate you. Sure the kids talk with him in the hallways, but for the school to come together like this, it just shows him how well he is liked and appreciated. This is so awesome!
$C: For real. My heart hurts in a good way from seeing this
$C: [deleted]
$C: What if all the kids shouting caught him off-guard and triggered flashbacks to the time he peed his pants in gym class as a kid. The memories of being bullied and years of counselling overwhelmed him.
$C: That face is the face of a guy who either feels immensely loved or is thinking about how much cleaning he'll have to do in that auditorium afterward.
$C: My favourite time as an actor was touring primary schools. The kids are absolutely fabulous and make you feel 10 feet tall.
$C: Reminds me of this past Spring. My wife and I had our second child, and my band program that I ran at a small, rural school at the time had just hosted a big band festival. I was running ragged. One day I had turned around to do something on the classroom computer, I think attendance, and when I turned around a couple of seniors had a binder for me. The binder had personal letters from every kid in my high school band detailing what I'd done for their lives and how much they loved me. I just ugly cried in front of them. Kids are great, and the next generation is gonna be fine.
$C: This reminds me of few weeks ago, I was *super* stressed out at work and feeling super shitty for a while. It was bad enough that it became apparent to a lot of people, my team, mostly. 

I had a meeting on my calendar to go over the new network setup for a satellite office that we were setting up at the time. I walk into the conference room and there on the table was an ice cream cake and my team of two sitting at the table; soon after, two friends from another department walk in to join in. They told me they notice how stressed I was and wanted to make sure I knew they appreciated me. 

Once I saw the cake on the table, I started to get  misty eyed and nearly began to cry. I absolutely needed that, and especially from my team and friends. Just watching this make me want to cry. I completely feel for this man. 
$C: This isn’t even relevant to me but your comment hit me home. I hope he’s living a happy life 
$C: I would cry if i showed up to work one day and 5 people were there to shake my hand and thank me. a gym full of kids...i'd be a goddam mess. 

edit: just found the full video. [Link](https://streamable.com/06hz0) It is so much better. what a cool dude
$C: Actually the kids in the back (out of frame) just threw a bunch of confetti and glitter and he's having a FML moment.
$C: It's what I needed today too :)
$C: Heck it's exactly what I needed today. 
$C: The bite the hand so I don’t cry type of day it looked like, been there
$C: Especially in that moment, because they probably got him to go to the gym by telling him some kid puked on the floor and he was dreading having to go clean it up. 
$C: Doesn't? That seems like a stretch. 
$C: I know it's what I needed today.
$C: Exactly what I needed to see today too.
$C: Or a pay raise 
$C: What's the silver star thing? 
$C: Dammit, I’m late to the gold shower
$C: I’m imagining in my head that there were a bunch of kids that day that got sick a la American Vandal and the school felt bad he had to clean it all up and so they surprised him with a party. But to get him to the party they came up with the ruse of there being another sick student (thus the mop and bucket). So he gets himself all psyched up to go deal with another round of mess only to find there not only isn’t one, but that the whole school is so appreciative of him they decided to throw a party for him.
$C: Beautiful part is I needed this today.   It’s just keeps growing ❤️ 
$C: Man, I wished I got a gold star
$C: On that particular life.  God bless that man.  
$C: I think this is exactly what I needed on this particular day also 
$C: I know that's what it is but it could actually also look like it's _precisely_ is not what he needs and buries his face in his hand like "Oh man, not this crap. I'm supposed to clean this floor so I can go home"
$C: Right in the feels!
$C: I love it! 

$C: Weaving down each row to give the kids high-fives was fantastic. Nothing better than the pure joy of kids. 
$C: Seriously one of the most uplifting videos I’ve seen in a LONG time. Thank you!
$C: That gif tugged my heart strings a bit. Now I'm just crying after watching that video
$C: “Ha! Just kidding! You don’t have to clean pukepiss up! Happy birthday!”
$C: He’s crying out of joy for not having to clean up throw up and piss.
$C: Will someone please hug this man
$C: Aww that's just awesome.
$C: My eyes are raining 
$C: he was all like shit now i got to clean this up too
$C: Thats just fucking awesome.  Good feelings
$C: I did not ask for all of these feels how dare you
$C: This made me smile the biggest I've smiled today.
$C: Feels good man.
$C: Y’know, with all the negative news that floods our feed 24/7, I’ve noticed a lot more positive actions and videos being shared as a counterweight to that. Creates a healthy balance that I think we need more than we realize. 
Thanks OP for sharing because now I’m crying at the bar. 
$C: I'm not crying.  Youre crying.
$C: Damnit reddit, it’s too early for tears!
$C: Yeah we gonna do this? Gonna make me cry today?
$C: This is so wholesome. I got so choked up watching this. so pure
$C: I haven't cried in over 8 years, the last time I was in middle school. But I just watched the full video and seeing his reaction really touched something inside of me. I know that's cheesy to say but I'll fully admit my eyes watered up and I seriously had to keep myself from breaking 
$C: Hey, I just had the worst day. I needed this. Thank you. 
$C: I saved this for anytime i need a happy cry, thank you OP!
$C: I'm not crying. You're crying!
$C: I wasn’t expecting this video to MAKE ME BAWL MY BRAINS OUT
$C: Well the video kind of took some of the power out of the gif I think. I literally thought he was moved to tears and it was more of like a happy thing and then he played with the kids. It was much more powerful than I thought he was actually moved to tears

Still amazing and what an awesome gesture I just like the gif without sound and less context
$C: I feel the love irradiating from my phone!
$C: Dudes beard game so stronk, I thought he wore like a full bike helmet in the original gif, I see, or I don't, why I badly needed glasses lol.
$C: That was the most wholesome thing I've seen in a long time. Goddamn did that make me smile. 
$C: Holy shit that was fantastic. We need more of this in our lives.
$C: I was scrolling through the comments looking for a link to a longer visit, so thanks for that!
$C: Awww damn that's one of the cutest things I've ever seen
$C: My dad was a custodian for 35 years.  He loved being around the kids and being part of the school.  He would chaperone ski trips and other trips.  He loved it there until the administration changed and my dad moved on to a different School that loved him just as much.
$C: Dammit Im not normally the type of person to happy cry, but here I am. Fuckin happy crying.
$C: You truly are the second best MVP, beside Mr. Eugene, of course.
$C: This is the most wholesome thing I've ever watched.
$C: This made my eyes sweat. Just a tiny bit.
$C: Goddammit. Who’s chopping onions?!?!?
$C: That's so damn wholesome. 
$C: My heart, this is amazing 
$C: Made me cry so much😭
$C: He looks like the best person in the world.
$C: There's a whole lot of accidents on the floor, I suppose
$C: That is fucking awesome 
$C: Was about to ask for the sauce on this
$C: God damn you. Now I have something in my eye...
$C: I’ll say, somebody spilled children all over the floor. 
$C: Dude I keep reading your username as "TooShittyForYou" my bad.

And also thanks for the link, just what I needed for today
$C: I’ve been having a shitty day. This really really made me smile. 
$C: This is what needs to be seen!  Thank you kind reddit user 
$C: I’m not crying 
$C: Awe the video is even better! Showing appreciation towards someone can go a long way. I appreciate you for sharing <3
$C: Oh my god that’s so sweet!
$C: Thought was crying. About to loose it
$C: Holy shit, how can it possibly be raining only on my face like this
$C: Couldn’t even watch it all. I’m at work and my eyes were getting misty. God damn it why are humans so shitty AND so beautiful?!!! Go away feelings!!! 
$C: Thank you for posting this. I needed this in my life today 
$C: I’m not crying you’re crying 
$C: Those kids must love him... they were so quiet I wasn’t sure if the sound was working at first! Love this. Respect labor!
$C: Dammit now I'm at work with sweaty eyes! Thank you
$C: damn you shifty.. *sniff*
$C: That was heartwarming! Thanks OP for the sound version.
$C: So really hes crying at the joy of not having to mop up kid piss. 

But seriously thank you for linking the video. I needed that right now
$C: Sshhhhit's a surprise!
$C: The accident must have been some spilled, fresh-chopped onions... That must be it... Seriously... Who chops onions in a school gym...
$C: To see the excitement in those kids to get a high five from him is amazing. 
$C: So it was tears of joy in more than 1 way. 
$C: Best thing I've seen in awhile. What a wonderful thing. 
$C: I needed this bit of positivity in my life
$C: my heart :o
$C: Didn’t plan on crying today 
$C: That is one of the best videos I've ever seen. So much happiness
$C: Aw crap. I almost cried.
$C: God damnit, now i’m not only shitting and but crying in the bathroom too
$C: The part they cut out that came next: “Yay! No, but really, Charlie shit his pants and tracked it in the hall. You should probably get on that.”
$C: why you make me tear up like that?
$C: Thank you for posting the original video with sound.  So beautiful. 
$C: I legit teared up watching this. What great kids, and what great teachers for organizing this! 
$C: Saving video in case I need a good cry or to remember the good in the world.
$C: Welp that just made my day 
$C: I'm not crying! You're crying!
$C: Oh my god this is so wholesome...I love every bit of it!


At the end of the school year last year, my nephew’s Kindergarten class had to stand up on the stage and tell everyone what they wanted to be when they grow up. He said he wanted to be a janitor “So he could clean and get summers off.” 

I thought it was the coolest thing ever that he recognized that the Janitor works hard at such a young age. Little did he know though, a lot don’t get summer off..haha! 
$C: Instead it was just a whole bunch of little accidents!
$C: Vídeos like this is instant cry for me... Fuck
$C: I might cry. 
$C: Thank you for that, I wasn’t crying nearly enough from just the gif.
$C: Fuck me man I’m playing poker out in a casino with my head down now 
$C: Didn’t know I was gonna cry watching this but I regret nothing 
$C: Idk why but that is exactly what I thought his name would be
$C: That was very heartwarming good share.
$C: I did not plan on tearing up today! Cmon!
$C: Crying at work again. Thanks reddit.
$C: I knew I would cry if I clicked, and I was right. 
$C: That made my day

$C: How funny would this shit be reversed? Like, Eugene we have the whole school waiting to surprise you with a party! We really appreciate you! And then he walks in and theres just piss all over the ground. 
$C: That is so incredibly nice. I have nothing snarky to say about this wonderful video.
$C: FR though, 3 kids peed their pants.
$C: I'm *verklempt*. Tawk amongst yourselves. 
$C: Damn, right in the feels...
$C: I'm pouring tears at work. Fuck you guys for this wonderful video!
$C: Well now I’m crying 
$C: The feeeeels...
$C: Crying on an airplane. 

Also, teachers can lie?
$C: Oh an accident meaning a kid peed their pants or something. At first I thought you meant they told him there was like a horrific car crash and I was like well thats just mean.
$C: Thank you, that made my day!
$C: That made my day ^_^ 
$C: Why am I crying 
$C: Thank you for all your hard work! We know it couldn't be easy. 
$C: I can’t imagine how loved you are. Our school custodian was our most beloved member of the staff and we all would have done anything to protect him or make him happy. ❤️
$C: Thanks man for all your hard work! I love all my cleaning crew. I worked as one in college, as a student, and I always appreciated when a professor would turn around, smile and have a chat with you. I bet it's so much different with kids, some of them must straight up connect with you even though they may not show. 
$C: I also had an elementary school custodian named Dino! Did you happen to grow up in Toronto by any chance?
$C: Also in mid 40’s.  My grade school janitor was named Mr. Fitzer.  But all the kids thought he was called Mr. Fixer.  We all loved him and often brought him broken stuff to fix.  Which he did.  My art teacher was named Mr. Pickle 
$C: Our security guard George follows up with peoples’ successes on Facebook, it’s actually quite pleasant to see
$C: Dangit, we just missed it.  (October 2) 
$C: Foxconn already has the children, they could easily do this.  
$C: Appreciation didn't test well. We're going to stick with the abuse for now.
$C: Well this is awkward... one of my favorite HS teacher’s was Ms Booch
$C: A pay raise would go great with this too. But I know it's probably "just not in the budget". Still great though. 
$C: Yeah, it's certainly cheaper than paying people a livable wage...
$C: From what I've seen. Children haven't changed but rather the parents have. So I'm sure they still talk to the custodians. 
$C: The custodian at my daughter’s school is so precious, so friendly. He’s like the Mr. Fix It of the whole school, like the school grandpa. He’s an older man, maybe close to 60’s. Some of the teachers rotate crossing guard duty in the school parking lot so that kids walking to school/being walked into school by parents can safely go across the carpool drop-off crosswalk. When the custodian does crossing duty, he’s my favorite. He’s always so smiley and happy. He also tuts around the school on an old, super loud golf cart. It cracks me up. Thing sounds like it’s a monster truck and you can hear him trucking from a mile away. I love it. 
$C: I like this good ol' OC content! ( I don't often remember users but here we are lol )
$C: Grab a fork.
$C: What in the goddamned hell?
$C: That’s what they should have done. Made him expect a horrible situation. So the surprise was that much more impactful.

“One kid got a nose bleed and that made a kid throw up and that caused a chain reaction of a dozen kids throwing up, we need you ASAP. Just kidding we love you mate.”
$C: Little Mickie has just douchied in the AC-DC!
$C: How would one go about cleaning that? Probably easier to change out the outlet. 
$C: You mean the holes?
$C: I'm a school custodian and this had me laughing hard.
$C: “I swear to God, if one of those little shits-“

“SURPRISE!!!”

“ :’D ”
$C: Still had it in my middle school. Yo jerry. Maybe you will see this. 
$C: At my high school, we still loved our custodians. A student even made a Myspace profile for one of the custodians (This was back in 2006)
$C: The Day the custodian goes on the roof and throws down the roofed balls is the greatest Day of any kids life.
$C: Hot janitor
$C: Thanks for cleaning up after people.  They clearly need it and most probably never learned how to appreciate someone else taking the time to care for their space for them.
$C: The fact that you did this for a male teacher is that much more amazing, and shows how wise kids are before the world gets to them. I recently had to nearly throw a baby shower solo in my office because no one would celebrate a father. 

It sounds like you were a great kid. I hope you still have that same energy. 
$C: We adored our custodian and would’ve ripped apart anyone who had anything negative to say about him. I don’t imagine anyone would’ve ever had a negative thought about him though. I bet the kids loved you, too. 
$C: You da real mvp. 
$C: da real MVP
$C: So awesome! Dude deserves that!
$C: Under appreciated comment well done. 
$C: Dont worry, just hop on the feels bus.  We are all goig tk Feeladelphia
$C: Take my up vote 
$C: If I knew how to give gold, I would give it to you. 
$C: my eyes watered and im like wtf. im not that old, is life already that heavy on me? yeesh
$C: Nothing wrong with that.
I don’t know many people who’d cuddle a hardass.  I know lots of people who cuddle soft things. 
$C: Watching star trek episode about loneliness, then pulled this up. Sent me right over the fucking edge. 
$C: Right in the feels, yea?
$C: i’m bawling on the can at work. i dunno if it’s the fall weather but it made me really emotional. 
$C: I’m not soft, only thing to make me cry with happiness is the ending to Monsters Inc. This... this made me cry on sight. Because my dad was a janitor for an elementary school when he first moved here, went from Judge of Afghanistan to janitor. He didn’t have any memories like this. BUT my oldest brother did, they moved around a lot before I was born and when I was they finally stayed but my bro was already in 7th grade and got picked on for being the new kid(and Asian). But he said the janitor was nice to him, nice to see this. He’s an owner now for a business firm and tells me he specifically checks up on his custodial team because he says they deserve the respect
$C: I just sent this video to my friend with the same exact quote
$C: I'm a very hard person emotionally and I got wet eyes.  Makes me wish I could have done more.  

$C: I lost my group of friends about two months ago and I've eating lunch alone. It's not the worst thing in the world to be alone really and I'm kind of used to it. Just I wished I was that guy with a lot of support and friends. I've been in a sad state of mind in the last weeks and this made me cry like a baby... i guess it is better to be soft
$C: Should watch the full video OP posted. Had me tear up for sure. He was running through the rows of kids giving them high fives and they were all so happy to get a high five from him. 10/10 would cry again
$C: I'm 6'1 230 lbs of pure man meat, I too cried. 
$C: Once I watched the audio version, I cried instantly 
$C: Take pride in your work.  You make an honest living.  Absolutely nothing to be ashamed of.  
$C: > janitor

I believe you meant Master of the Custodial Arts.
$C: You mean more than you know, cheers to 27 and many more happy years!
$C: You're awesome.
$C: IT GOES IT GOES IT GOES IT GOES IT GOES IT GOES IT GOES IT GOES, GRATITUUUUUUUUUUUUDE
$C: Zach here, thanks man.
$C: OH SHIT IM FEELIN IT! TAKYON
$C: How is something about MC Ride not the top comment? Reddit is so full of normies. 
$C: This is what he does when he isn't driving a bus
$C: so glad i found this comment
$C: RIP <3 
$C: Lol. You and me both bub
$C: While I wish they did, I doubt the kids planned it. 100% it was a teacher. 
$C: You’re not wrong. 
$C: Janitors might be those people who realize working around children is infinitely more rewarding than working around adults
$C: The only limitations we have in life are the ones we place on ourselves. If you wish to do something else, it is well within your power to make it so. 

As far as those people who won’t look you in the eye, take pity on them. It says nothing about you, and everything about them. 
$C: My father always taught me to give as much respect to the custodian, as you would the CEO. 
$C: My old school district has a Reddit account? What a time to be alive! Providence ‘10
$C: You too?
$C: Beautiful & well said. Hope this goes to the Top.
$C: Oh man. Lol'd ever so gently. 
$C: People stopped using janitor because it ended up with incredibly negative connotations attached to it. 
$C: Basically,yes
$C: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lxD8SLyOCHE
$C: They're surprising him with new ones!
$C: I was going to go with "is it really smart for him to be around all those kids without pants on?"
$C: Better post

&#x200B;
$C: WTF???? 
$C: I don't know you, but thank you. You are rightfully appreciated.
$C: I’m right there with you 
$C: It’s a terrible day for Rain... indoors 
$C: I am.
$C: Me...sniff...neither...
$C: I’m just making a lasagna!
$C: Me either. Allergies 
$C: Who put all these tears on my pillow!?
$C: It's just been raining.... on my face.  
$C: Who is cutting onions ?
$C: I’m not crying either. I was just born with waterfalls behind my eyes. 
$C: Hey, who left this bowl of onions here?
$C: What is this salty discharge?
$C: Here you go fam 

https://streamable.com/06hz0
$C: That’s what I immediately thought. Damn kids.
$C: Yep 
$C: I know my custodian pretty well and he hates how everyone else thanks him everyday. I just smoke him up.
$C: Same
$C: I was walked in on one of my janitors crying in the bathroom because some kid had smeared shit all over the wall
$C: Custodian here.  NO, they are not.  
$C: Fuck yes
$C: Me too. It was a treat.
$C: A person employed to clean and maintain a building. Like a caretaker, janitor, or superintendent. 
$C: bruh scooter rolled blunts w you?
$C: I'm 99% sure I graduated from the same high school... NOHS?
$C: I agree. I read many years ago, as you climb up the ladder of life treat everyone you meet with respect and kindness, because if you ever fall down the ladder you meet the same people.
$C: awesome thanks!
$C: Very possibly, even probably, but there is always the possibility he's particularly outgoing and has a good reporte with a few kids.  Either way, I like to hope that everyone learned a little something from this.  It's good for kids to stop and remember to appreciate and be nice to people like janitors, not to look down on them or anything.  And I hope this janitor can at the same time feel like at least someone somewhere appreciates what he's doing.  
$C: You can't really organize something like this without teachers. I would assume some students suggested it. A few teachers approved it. Then all the kids got on board either to be nice or to get out of class. 
$C: ....in what way could this possibly be news?
$C: r/nocontext
$C: This sounds as though you’re finding peeled onions lying about your house lol. 
$C: https://streamable.com/06hz0
$C: [removed]
$C: r/mademeuglycry but that’s not an existing subreddit 
$C: https://youtu.be/C_jbFvBCGd4

News report
$C: the maintenance person in a school (mostly elementary, junior and high school)...but mostly you’ll see them mopping around, whipping the restroom mirrors, etc. 
$C: 30k???? You haven't a clue. Teachers start off at 30K here.
$C: Thats a real birthday. Like the best.

Im not trying to shit on your idea, but go fund him for what? Birthday money? A better job? Im actually curious.
$C: Well thats why he didnt get any parties 
$C: Being the custodian affords him some special avenues to connect and relate to kids.  I was a little shit in elementary school at times and Custo had some of the best advice for a young punk to get me on track.
$C: The laughs...just wait for it. 

Wait.

Wait longer.

Wait....





They ain't coming.
$C: Accurate. Caretaker is a way better term for what the job entails.

American here.
$C: How in gods name do you owe a quarter of a million in back support??
$C: Cleaner by the look of it.
$C: The custodian at my middle school gave me my first cigarette. And introduced me to Cracked, the magazine. Cool guy.
$C: 
I have stabilized the video for you: https://gfycat.com/TerribleSolidCockatiel

It took 41 seconds to process and 34 seconds to upload.
___
^^[&nbsp;how&nbsp;to&nbsp;use](https://www.reddit.com/r/stabbot/comments/72irce/how_to_use_stabbot/)&nbsp;|&nbsp;[programmer](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=wotanii)&nbsp;|&nbsp;[source&nbsp;code](https://gitlab.com/juergens/stabbot)&nbsp;|&nbsp;/r/ImageStabilization/&nbsp;|&nbsp;for&nbsp;cropped&nbsp;results,&nbsp;use&nbsp;\/u/stabbot_crop
$C: Janitor. Someone who takes out trash, mops the floors, etc.
$C: I was gonna tell you to stfu until I read the full post. Well done and thank you for your service.
$C: You could just let them know your not willing to talk instead of hiding away your disdain. Then you don’t have to talk to them even if they’re people!

The rest of us will continue to be kind humans but we’re fine without you pretending. 
$C: Caps
$C: Without my glasses, this could be /r/thunder and PG13 visiting a school.
$C: I've never understood why nasty people put gum on things. I want to make them way the communal wad one year later.
$C: Go on?
$C: Another word for janitor. 
$C: Janitor/ helps with upkeep of facilities like toilets plumbing, air, heating, cleaning
$C: cleaning but, in atleast the schools I went to the custodian was usually a pretty cool guy that would crack jokes and try to be fun.
$C: It’s a beard. 
$C: What they have always been called here in Canada. I've only ever heard "janitor" on TV shows and movies 
$C: Everything on reddit is karma whore, there is not a single redditor out there that doesn't love some themself some sweet karma
$C: Why do you care so much about race? You’re the only one making a big deal about it.
$C: Well... No. Not at all. You're bringing race into this for no real reason. It's a man doing his hardworking job and all if the younger generation giving him great thanks. Don't bring race into this.
$C: What's with the victim complex?
$C: [deleted]
$C: This has absolutely nothing to do with race. Why must you bring your political standpoints to nice posts like this. 
$C: The fact that you are bringing race into this is honestly kinda racist. 
$C: I'm so confused what ur hick ass is bitching about rn.
$C: Something is broken in your brain. 
$C: That may very well be the motivation of the adults, but please, the kids, they're still young and pure. They clearly love that man. Let him have his moment. 
$C: You’re literally what is wrong with you world. How disgusting of a person do you have to be to think that even though the majority of sane humans acknowledge the fact that there is a racial divide and police brutality against minorities is a horrible problem that isn’t being handled properly, means that doing something nice for another HUMAN justifies your ignorant ass response to try to take away positivity and motivation from other people to try to do the right thing later in life. You are literally perpetuating anger in a situation that shows the OPPOSITE of the oppression and injustice you’re referring to. 
Do. Not. Raise. Children.
$C: I believe the word you are looking for is prejudice
$C: Chill b
$C: My daughter was one of three white kids in a majority black school. They had a token white janitor.  
$C: Wow, cool bait.
$C: Its a beard moron
$C: Of course the trump supporter is obsessed with proving how tough and masculine he is. 
$C: My favorite janitor was also named Billy!
$C: My favorite janitor was also named Billy!
$C: Was I the only kid in school who had a ghostlike janitor that floated from room to room to clean and then disappeared? I cannot remember a single janitor from my school days. 
$C: My favorite janitor growing up was accused my some family of being a pervert cause he gave their daughter a doll everyone knew that it was bullshit cause he was like that way with every kid and never had any bad intentions. He was a bit strange but it was because he was slightly autistic. Unfortunately the school replaced him anyways. 
$C: TBF it's pretty much purely because the janitor only really has to deal with kids on his own terms. If he can't be arsed with you, he can just walk back to the custodians office and hang out in the back rooms fixing shit away from kids. Catch him cleaning puke and shit off a bathroom floor first thing Monday morning and I be their not so jovial to see some dumb kid faces. 

That being said they were cool though, because they had no reason to be fake with you or tolerate kids for no reason, so when they did put in time to pal around with students, it actually meant something, and I think kids are quite perceptible to difference between those types of interaction.
$C: Billy PepeHands
$C: I know it's a long shot, but LCHS?
$C: I always thought Billy was the younger unevolved version of Bill. Guess not.

.. Or.. maybe it is and it just wanted to Stay a Billy like Ashes Pikachu wanted to stay a Pikachu.
$C: DAE remember when a kid would puke and they'd come sprinkle some awful-smelling (or maybe that was just the puke) shit on it?
$C: Haha damn dude my janitors name was bill and would alligator hunt in his free time. 
$C: We weren't allowed to eat the pickles if we didn't buy food to put on them but the janitor always blocked the view so me and my bff could take some 🤣 we never wanted lunch but always wanted a little cup of the sliced pickles
$C: You too friend
$C: Custodian, dick! - Dave chappelle- the janitor.

Haha. Jk. 
$C: Yea, I worked at a school and didn't have to interact with parents. The kids liked me because I treated them basically like I would any adult. While I technically had authority over them, I rarely ever had to actually force them to do anything.

It's much nicer when you aren't in control of their actual grades and don't have to deal with the parents.
$C: But they do have the shit kids who pull mean and not so harmless pranks on them. 

OMG, I just remember a moment when writing this. In high school (about 20 years ago) there was a father with his kid in the office. Kid was being a dumbass and got in trouble. Custodian walks in to do some celaning in the office, unrelated to the event. But the fucking shit ass dad says OUTLOUD "If you keep screwing up, you will end up like him!". Fucking prick. Dude was about 70, obviously working because he HAS to and now he has to be treated like that? The kid was just mouthing off in class. What dad did was WAY worse. Now that I remember this, I hope that dad lost his job and family and is now 70 bagging groceries.
$C: And the bad kids are someone elses problem.
$C: > deplorable 

Did you just call my child *"deplorable"?!* I have contacted the district superintendent.
$C: Breakfast Club?
$C: One of the greatest movies ever made!
$C: Hey Brian
$C: Custodian! Dick!
$C: I just want to know how one becomes a janitor. Johnson here is very interested in a career in the custodial arts.
$C: Oh by the way that clocks 20 minutes fast
$C: The janitor at our high school was a goddamn legend and everyone loved him, he graduated from the school in like the 60s and has been the janitor there since I think the late 70s, he still hasn't retired. If they dont put a bronze statue of that man up when hes gone I'd be shocked.
$C: i honestly never really saw my janitors at my high school unless it was after hours
$C: No lie, I went to my high school janitor's funeral.  The guy was a fucking legend. 
$C: Wasnt the case for the dude at my hs, at least speaking for myself, I talked to the guy all the time and he seemed to get chatted up by other dudes from what I recall. Hope the guy is doing alright.
$C: There was a janitor at my High School that was in charge of the Activity Center. A bunch of us didn't have class during the period before football practice so we would all just hang out in the locker room. From time-to-time, he would come and join us, sit with us, and just tell us stories and talk with us. It was never for long but he made everyone's day everytime he hung out with us. I think we helped make his day, too. 
$C: Yeah, elementary. Same thing for me in high school.
$C: One of our highschool janitors was the father of one of the hot/popular girls in the school. He was a super rad dude, just doing his thing. Having him there kept her pretty grounded too, where other girls in her social circle filled more of the stereotypical popular girls cliches. 

They lived in a big house, and he even had a 68 or 69 Corvette stingray in the garage. 

I doubt he was the breadwinner in the household, but he was always down to stop and chat. She would go on to throw some house parties in the later grades, and her dad would always be hanging out in the garage, letting slightly inebriated kids gawk over his ride. 
$C: Our janitors regularly participated in things like the student v teacher dodgeball game or lip sync contests and things like that. 
$C: Elementary gets all the coolest janitors I swear

I still remember mine. Everyone loved him because he could do good cartwheels. Whenever we saw him in the hall we’d stop class and ask him to do a cartwheel, and he loved it. The janitors at my high school weren’t as exciting
$C: Elementary kids love all adults who arent yelling at them.  High school kids see the depressing future.
$C: In high school they were a pothead's best friend
$C: At my high school the memorable janitor was this old man with a heavy accent who looked like Hans Moleman from the Simpsons.  He was indefatigable and everyone liked and respected him a lot. When he finally retired it turned out he had escaped from Europe after spending time during WWII as a resistance fighter and had done some amazingly brave things.  You wouldn't think it to look at him and he never let on to anyone.
$C: I just snort laughed at this. Dead on.
$C: Ours was sad as evident by his suicide. 
$C: In the military my rule was always "make friends with cooks, engineers, and admin" and my life was infinitely better because of it and I got to do a bunch of cool shit as a bonus.
$C: [deleted]
$C: That is what I was taught in  education classes
$C: First rule of any job is surely to be friendly. 

I would go around and wish everyone in the school good morning with a handshake when I arrived each day. And would do the same when leaving. 
$C: I thought it was don't talk about teacher club
$C: First rule of IT. Get in good with the office manager, maintenance and whoever controls the supply room.  Easy street from there.

edit: a word
$C: Can confirm, I’m the IT guy at two schools. You’re nice to me I’ll bend over backwards for you to make sure your tech is working. Give me a pound of pistachios for Xmas? Oh, you’re getting anything you want. 

Now, if you’re an asshole, I’ll just have to wait on approval for your “issue”
$C: This applies to a lot of jobs, not just teaching. It's also good to get friendly with whoever is in charge of handing out food if there is a canteen at your job because extra chips/gravy/cake/whatever always brightens even the worst day. And the security staff. They have keys for _everything_.

Basically be friends with as many people who get actual stuff done in the building as possible. Say hello, do favours, remember their kids birthday, their dog's illness, whatever, and that will pay back in so many ways. Also it's just nice to be friendly, of course.
$C: As a custodian at a university, let me tell you something. When I first started working here, one of the teachers, Judy, made me a batch of cookies to welcome me. And whenever she brings in food for everyone, she always tracks down us custodians to make sure we get some. Now, during a usual shift I have a prioritized list of things I have to get done and what order, and I’m not supposed to play favorites, but if Judy ever asks me for anything she’s always at the top of the list, even for small things that could probably wait. All it took was a half dozen cookies and as far as I’m concerned she’s the most important person in the building.
$C: Educational IT field tech here who hops from school to school, classroom to classroom.. I remember who gives or offers me candy or is actually appreciative of the work that I do. I'll go out of my way to make sure your stuff works that you didn't even ask me about. 
$C: I wasn’t a teacher, but in my first office job, making sure the office manager and/or receptionist were happy was one of the first lessons I learned. They are typically the glue that holds everything together 
$C: a friend of mine is a retired Colonel (USMC).

he professed the secret to his success was making eye contact, engaging and learning the names and stories of as many people as he could from basic-training to his retirement.
$C: I’ve always heard secretary, custodian, and cafeteria staff, though IT works well, too.
$C: Absolutely, pick up a dozen donuts, some cookies, or some pizza twice a year for the maintenance and custodial crew.  You will be amazed how quick your work orders get filled.
$C: Former IT guy here. I can say it now since I don't work at the school anymore.  I ALWAYS prioritized the calls of the people that were nice to me.  I am not talking about going above and beyond, I am just talking about the folks who acknowledged me as a human.  It's sad to say there were some folks who just couldn't be bothered to recognize another person's existence.  
$C: Can vouche, worked IT for a private church/school, man, some of them felt mighty entitled!
$C: I applied this rule as a parent as well, particularly with the secretaries at the front desk. When bringing cookies or doughnuts for class, I'd always bring the front secretaries a cookie or doughnut on a plate or napkin as I left.

Now, when I go to pick up my child, they never ask for my kid's name and often are calling the teacher to send them up to the office as I start to approach the student sign out sheet.

I watch other parents come in almost daily and have to remind the secretaries of their child's name and what class they are in.
$C: I teach Foods, and often take them the food that I demo. Let’s just say I’m never short on whiteboard pens and my classroom is always in impeccable shape.
$C: As K12 IT for the last 18 years, I'll agree we get to know the appreciative/collegial staff and give them preferential treatment - sometimes without realizing it. Speak with your Art/Newspaper colleagues though and remind them of that. I don't know what it is, but every district I've worked with we QUICKLY learn the name of the Art/Newspaper teachers and we subconsciously cringe when we see their tickets come in. There seems to be a sense of entitlement and lack of empathy that I don't see from the other disciplines.

The thing I like to tell new technicians if they feel bullied or unappreciated by staff is to politely remind that staff member that "we work WITH you, for the benefit of the kids - we do not work FOR you" and if I have a decent relationship with the staff member (usually an admin with attitude) I'll tell them that our skillset is undervalued in education and these people you're walking over could easily go get a job in corporate for 10-30%+ more money but they often choose to stay here for the mission of the district.
$C: We were allowed to hunt the secretary's land every year in the fall. The trade off was a little bit of banter in the mornings, along with a couple of steaks after a successful hunt. Fair trade to me!
$C: So true.  I'm friends with my resident IT guy, administration and the maintenance guys at work.  Things run smoothly in my department (save for emergencies), and I even made friends out of it!  Meanwhile, other people? HE DIDN'T COME FIX (X/Y/Z)! THEY'RE LAZY! Nah, we were having coffee lol.
$C: I worked as a custodian for 3 years and the Principal I worked for always told the staff yo treat us (the custodians) with respect because we could make teacher's lives really easy or really miserable. I would do anything for some teachers and others I would drag my feet a little haha.
$C: I used to work in a hotel at the front desk - make friends with housekeeping, the coffee shop and the in-room dining staff. 

Housekeeping does EVERYTHING and helps you keep in good with the guests, the coffee shop staff keeps you caffeinated and in-room dining will give and chef experiments or mess up orders....and that’s how I survived working almost 4 years in the luxury hotel industry.
$C: And dont forget the cook - who else is going to give you leftovers when you forget your lunch?
$C: Am school IT. My priority list (and also how much bullshit I will deal with and how much extra miles I will pull) is directly proportional to my relationship with that person and how much grief they cause me.

I like all the staff but there are a few that cause problems and get treated accordingly. Still professional, but I won't go out of my way to help. I won't do things like supervise their classrooms if they ask. Nope.

Those who call me when they have a real problem, are willing to learn, and are nice, get perks.

One asked me to help out a project and then bought me coffee the next day. Next time her projector bulb goes out, it will get replaced in a snap. The teacher I asked twice not to block an IT closet gets a "task pending".
$C: At university I made friends with one of the head cafeteria lady’s in my dorm, she loved me and hated my roommate. Also made friends with the head maintenance  guy, he was awesome and after I was attacked (for not wanting to date a guy) having him around and on my side made me feel safer. Ron was amazing. 
$C: I recently had to go back and forth to my old high school to get official transcripts for certain job applications. The registrar was a grumpy, mean lady who acted like I was disrupting her whole life. On the second trip to get another transcript I brought her a $10 Starbucks card. Turns out she's a Starbucks junkie and she turned into the sweetest lady. After that I would call her and she would have another transcript with a smile waiting for me.
$C: Security is a good one to. Got me private access to the hot tub in college whenever I wanted and me and my buddy's were the only ones allowed to skate on campus
$C: Secretaries: We know all your secrets. Bring us treats and we'll make life easy. 
$C: First rule of highschool is make friends with them, I got rides on golf carts and free passes when I was in the parking lot when I suppose to be in class.
$C: At my school, if the custodians like you they will let you drive the zamboni looking floor cleaner around the gym. 
$C: First rule of teacher school, NEVER talk about teacher school. 
$C: If you've ever seen the movie "Election" you can see how pissing off a custodian can completely ruin your life... kinda. Don't want to give away spoilers for a 20 year old movie.
$C: As an school IT guy, can confirm, you're an asshole who points out every little thing, we do groan having to help you. Good teachers, go out of our way to help quickly.
$C: True story. 

Source: am in IT
$C: This is cool!
$C: My first  rule in jail is be friends with the kitchen and laundry trustees. 
$C: Also, the Custodian has the best Pot.
$C: I think this applies for most jobs! And just life in general. People tend to overlook the most important roles
$C: Also the campus police, especially if they're part of the local police force. 
$C: As a school IT I can assure you the nice teachers lives are much easier at school ;P
$C: Can confirm, as an IT guy I dreaded teachers who treated me like shit and preferred to serve nicer teachers first.
$C: Funny bc first rule of fight club is also always appreciate the custodians. 
$C: My mom is close friends with all three of those groups but the school board is so nepotistic she still can't get a permanent job. 

Luckily she has enough people who like her she gets enough temporary contracts to work full time. 
$C: Cafeteria staff too 😉 so they slip you an extra scoop of the good stuff!
$C: First rule in **so many** jobs is to be friend with the secretary.
$C: As a teacher, this is true.  
$C: Thanks for mentioning IT. Please remember to restart your pc before putting in a ticket. Not that I don't like the long walk across the building or anything.... 
$C: Hey I'm the IT guy for a school district. You are spot on with this. (Food really works for the IT department as well)
$C: I work in IT for a district. Many, MANY teachers were not paying attention in class when they taught that. A few definitely understand and try to over do it.
$C: And they tend to be amazing humans! 
$C: Librarian too. 
$C: Car business - become best pals with the lot techs. They may be the lowest paying  employees but they are vital.
$C: Life in general is easier if you can make friends of anyone. Not just people who have the power to make your life easier. :) 
$C: Yes!!! I was very poor growing up and had to clean the middle school while I went to high school. The teachers that didn’t treat me and my mom like shit were the best ones.
$C: This is good advice for any job really
$C: IT is far more powerful than most people think.

It's incredibly easy to switch things on or off and pants are entirely optional. 

I have no moral qualm undoing the work I did for a client if they're three months behind paying... And you better believe they conveniently appear a few hours later with a confirmation of invoice payment and a request to have it looked into ASAP 😂 
$C: I add cafeteria staff to that list
$C: My mother works in IT, you are definitely right. It's so fun to here malicious compliance stories from her about fucking with teacher's lives.   


While also doing the job of course. 
$C: K12 IT guy here. Can confirm.
$C: That's also the rules for any office folks. 
$C: I guess this is in general applicable. In software development companies, make friends with the infrastructure guy and the business support girls. So many perks
$C: Second rule of being a teacher teach teach is never talk about being a teachahz¡
$C: First rules of any job: be nice to everyone, even if you don't like them. It's your place of work - not your social club.
$C: >and the IT

Can confirm this one. I work in IT and when someone needs a pc replaced I have to request one from our inventory, that can take a few days to get back. Generally I try to make it faster because it honestly doesnt take that long if I just say I can do it myself to the inventory guys. If you're rude to me, Ill let it take however long it takes. If not, Ill get your  new computer to you in a couple minutes/hours tops, all the software you need pushed out etc.
$C: Man I see his just a rule of any office too.

Make IT your friend. They can hook you up with the best office gear.. without even putting a ticket through.
$C: So true. My dad was a custodian for years. He would go out of his way to help the good ones. 
$C: As IT, I approve this.
$C: First rule should be: Be nice/friends to everyone. It's not like the school can run without teachers too. People shouldn't have to be nice to get special favours or just get work done, like so many here are suggesting. 
$C: First rule of being a teacher: you dont talk about being a teacher. 
$C: Same thing if you are a student. Tho possibly for more nefarious reasons.

$C: From my experience teachers usually have no issues liking one another.... wish they would focus more on actually doing their job
$C: This is cross industry.
$C: Idk... Maybe I’ll mop up the puke and piss puddle if you let me take you out on the town tonight? And by town I mean we eat ramen noodles on my bed while huddled next to the space heater ;) 
$C: IT at my school we’re the IT teachers. If they didn’t know how to fix it we were knackered 
$C: be nice to somebody so you can get what you want. shady logic but i do agree with you. 
$C: That's a good strategy in many jobs. 
$C: Hell yes. I've always done this, and I have lifelong friends for doing so, too.

$C: Not a teacher, but I work in schools. All three of them are my favorite people on any campus. 
$C: Generally a good rule anywhere TBH.  
$C: Honestly, make friends with the admin everywhere. They may have more connections than you know! 

I work for a law firm and if a client has an “emergency” (it’s not), I can help them get in contact with their attorney much faster than they are able to. Salespeople (cold calls) are the funniest because they are super rude to me, but I’m the one who makes decisions about products and purchases all the time and they literally will never be able to speak to my bosses anyway. And if they’re rude, I just block their number anyway /shrug
$C: Don't forget the security guard/s
$C: Or just be nice to everyone and not befriend people because they make your life easier. 
$C: I don't make friends with people to make my life easier. 
$C: Is that the first rule?  Maybe the first rule should be “don’t have sex with the students”.   Did the teacher’s union forget that one for any woman under the age of 30, getting a salary from tax payers to have sex with useless public school students with no potential?  
$C: Without them the everything don't run.
$C: If you think about it just about every building in America that's more than two stories or a large first floor and not a house, needs a custodian. That's a lot of fucking buildings.
$C: My office recently got a new cleaning crew and the transition period was rough. People don’t know what they have until they lose it. 
$C: I've always said similar. The people picking up your trash and cleaning your water save way more lives than Doctors.
$C: The data shows someone’s SES is the largest factor by far on someone’s health. Social workers and social programs have the largest impact on lives. And likely receive the least recognition of that evidence 
$C: Watch it- My sister-in-law is a nurse and with this attitude she ended up as the head of infection prevention, a job she really loves and excels at. 
$C: Yes, but don't they unplug the machine that goes 'bing' so they can power their floor polisher?
$C: >I'm an RN. Always thought House Cleaning saved more lives than doctors; they are potentially huge in infection control & preventing Hospital Acquired Infections and I don't think it ever saw administration ever point that out.

What you're talking about is prevention not saving. They prevent further damage not savr. Doctors cure and save people who have already been infected.

$C: They don't save more lives than doctors. There wouldn't be hospitals without doctors. Cleaning staff are incredibly important, *obviously*... But that's like saying admin staff save more lives than doctors. It's just nonsense. You need all elements of an organisation to work together for it to function but, surely, respect where it's due? Doctors and nurses would do their own infection control if necessary but cleaning staff wouldn't be doing triple-heart bypasses if push came to shove.
$C: I was with my infant in the ER once and put a dirty diaper in the medical waste bin.  Custodial staff came through and took, with gloved hand, the diaper from that bin and put it in the regular bin.  Then went on to open all the doors with that same gloved hand.  I.... didn't trust the cleanliness at that hospital....

&#x200B;
$C: Those that graduate from the teacher teacher school.
$C: Teacher teachers. Who else?
$C: You know what they say: those who can’t teach teach teacher school
$C: I'm talking about in education programs 
$C: ^(Happy cake day, btw.)
$C: It’s teachers all the way down
$C: Happy cake day!
$C: Super Teachers
$C: Jedi
$C: custodians 
$C: They've got an exchange program with watchmen. The watchmen teach the teacher school, the teachers watch the watchmen.
$C:  Teacher school used to be called normal school.  Just a useless bit of info stuck in my brain.     https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Normal_school
$C: Lol I just watched that for the first time yesterday - ending was great
$C: Her pussy gets *so* wet.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Hmm I guess i need to catch this movie. Is it still on Hulu? 
$C: Ah the great actor, Matthew BRODERWICK
$C: I mean, they have to have at least a few dudes that do like maintenance and other more technical custodial duties. Custodians actually do way more than simply cleaning up the days messes. 
$C: Yeah, and sometimes they make a bunch of Marines “volunteer” to help clean the schools too. And then we play awkward recess games that we don’t know, while Japanese people explain the rules to us in Japanese. And then we eat a small amount of rice, children learn the f-word, and the bond between our two nations grows stronger.
$C: Do the kids do maintenance repairs on the building as well? If so, I must congratulate them for adding child labor into the curriculum.
$C: Not just Japan. Most schools in Asia really. 

Am from SE Asia and while we do have custodians that maintenance, us students are assigned to clean our classrooms before going home.
$C: I wish we had that, I have no idea how to clean
$C: It still applies. Befriending other students is a great idea.
$C: They don't have kids running floor polishers and changing fluorescent lightbulbs and using industrial strength cleaners. They have custodians, the kids just pitch in.
$C: To be fair though the "cleaning" the kids do is nothing and the custodian still has to clean lol
$C: are you saying that from experience? Because I've heard that while they do make the kids clean, most of the time they do a shit job and the custodians still do cleaning 
$C: Same. I worked as a custodian for a few years and was kinda shocked at all my responsibilities 
$C: China too tbh 
Made im China here
$C: > But do they teach you to thank the bus driver?

They actually do
$C: My elementary school bus driver got fired for handing out orange flavored vitamins to us like they were candy. I got so much vitamin C that day, I didn't get sick again until I was 22.

  


He was real nice, just not that smart.
$C: No part of that sentence doesn’t sting
$C: Is.. Is that possible? I always assumed there were custodians 10 years in making more than the new teachers for their first few years.
$C: Yes
$C: I actually went through a teacher preparation program. So I’m repeating what my professors has told me 
$C: Ya that's probably like 2:45 and he was planning on being at home and chillin by 3:15.
$C: 'Y'all wholesome lil shits...'
$C: Lmfao I’m crying from the video but cackling from your comment. Everyone needs to laugh and cry 
$C: ...and Timmy just projectile vomited his milk and cupcakes.  
$C: He just mopped that gym floor that morning
$C: That made me laugh 
$C: I was having an aww moment and then your comment made me actually tear up. (Laughing).
$C: LOL
$C: This should be gilded. 
$C: This is why I love reddit
$C: That got me crankin 😂
$C: lmfao
$C: I literally lol 
$C: This made me LOL. Thanks. 
$C: This comment wins today
$C: Brilliant 
$C: Up you go
$C: Never change reddit. 
$C: The irony! 
$C: You made me throw cereal thru my nostrils. Thank you! 10/10 would read your comment again.
$C: You see a bunch of happy little kids, he sees the giant mess they'll leave behind which he'll have to clean.
$C: I came here to write his thoughts on this. NVM.
$C: He was just following the trail of muddy footprints to the gym and then this!
$C: !reddit silver
$C: This deserves gold. All the three posts are heart warming but this killed me
$C: This had me lol
$C: Party theme: SPLATOON
$C: Haha
$C: Somebody shit in the locker. 
$C: I'm not crying, you're crying.
$C: Haven't laughed as hard in a long time. :D Thank you. 
$C: He's thinking "fuck, there's like 120 kids in here. You know how many of them have pissed themselves already? FUCK. Im not getting out early"
$C: Genius
$C: Ok lmao this slayed me
$C: You ruined the moment.
$C: We have someone to clean up messes! 
$C: Now I have to think that's why he gets so emotional. It had probably been a shit day til then. And that was the last thing that broke him.

Something that felt so good now feels so wrong.

Upvoting for the perspective shift.
$C: This made me die. Thank you
$C: I hope you get better soon.
$C: What is this method? I don't know it
$C: My school had a Mr. Ray too! 
$C: I bet that lesson has been more useful than half the stuff you learnt in math
$C: My nice school custodian Mr. Walworth used to put us on a dolly and wheel us around
$C: I had a Mr Ray in my primary school days. Everyone loved him, even if he was rough around the edges. He actually ran our Table Tennis team with the principal helping out. It was always great to see him beat the principal too, because both used to play in state teams for table tennis.
$C: Always!
$C: I remember one of our custodians in high school. His name was Mr. Steve. He was a b-24 pilot in WW2. Once he got out of the service, he vowed a life of service to people because of what happened during the war. He had plenty of stories and was neighbor of mine. He’d help out on my farm on the weekends and summers. His wife was a really good cookie baker and he always had 3 in his lunch box. One for a mid morning snack, one for lunch dessert and one for a mid afternoon snack. His family was Mennonite and his wife would pack a massive lunch for him everyday. I would sit with him at lunch and we would talk about everything under the moon. He told his wife about how I’d sit with him and she started doubling his lunch and I’d have my own every day, for four years of high school. He retired when i graduated and he moved to Dallas with his wife to be closer to hug grandkids. I miss him everyday, he was an extension of my family. 
$C: I was the nice guy in school. Did fine in class, but I only did calc A-B on test days since they said I'd have to do it again in college. Well, during typical class days I'd help "Cowboy" with big things, like cumbersome ordeals or objects he had. 

One day I was walking into the library to grab a book while skipping class. This was blatantly during class time, and no one "checked out" books overnight--they were day loans. Cowboy needed to take a load of paper from upstairs to downstairs. No elevator, no magic lift, nothing but principal's office calling for 50000 pages of blank paper. I asked if I could help, and he wound up scheduling things during this class hour I would skip three days a week--calc test Monday, and quiz on Friday.

He called me a self starter, and wrote me *the* letter of recommendation that got me into college. I wish I had a copy to frame, but the university disposed of it. He passed away a few years ago.
$C: Its crazy how pretty much every school custodian, whether elementary, middle school, or high school, the guys almost always the coolest staff member on campus. 

Especially when you think they pretty much half of a schools staff are assholes on a power trip always giving the excuse that "If you worked with kids as much as I have, you would be mean too"

But then the custodians who have to fucking clean after all the shit kids cause are always the most down to earth and chill guys.
$C: Yupp! Our custodians names was Mr. Jardine (pronounced Jardeen) and for the longest time I thought every school had a "Jardine" not a janitor lol
$C: I really hope you’re from Nebraska and it’s the same Raul 
$C: This is like that post about how kids LOVE garbage men, but parents look down on them. 

What is it about these jobs that makes kids love them? Is it the simplicity? Like, a kid can wrap his head around collecting garbage, or cleaning the floors, but a job like accountant, or regional district manager of a retail chain, it's too abstract to fathom. 

Kids are so fucking pure and simple. Pure and simple. 
$C: I remember mine from grade school(early 60's). He was a stout, balding man that rode an Indian motorcycle. He gave me a ride home one day after chasing off some high school kids who were bullying me. Man, riding on that was the highlight of my young life, and turned me into a lifelong motorcycle fan. 
$C: Same.  Our elementary school custodian was Mr. Love, and he was a teddy bear of a man who always smiled, and had a peaceful, serene vibe to him.  
$C: Ours was Mr. Barcelona. He didnt speak much english, but if we were in trouble and in the hallway, he'd give us candy when the teachers weren't looking. Really old guy who was just so delightful.
$C: We had an old salty guy who wore a leather belt with "John" engraved on the back.  His name was Juan.  I shit you not. 
$C: My custodian would always say "basura basura" and wipe your shirt or something indicating that you're trash, lol. Everyone loved it and he was easily the coolest guy in the building. I loved that guy. 
$C: Our elementary school custodian, Jack, was really nice and always seemed like he went above and beyond.  He helped me find a retainer I accidentally threw in the trash. I also remember that he had this magical sawdust stuff that when dumped over a mess would magically clean it up and it seemed like it wan't there anymore. To my elementary school brain (and truthfully even now), this stuff was magic.
$C: Our school custodian's name was Paul in elementary school! Looking back, he always seemed so elated to reply to anyone that said good morning to him, like each one of us made his day. Some of us would get together to make and make him cards for holidays.

About halfway through 5th grade he stopped showing up. We were worried about him, but the whole school just went on like he never existed. It weirdly hit me kinda hard. When someone disappears, they always end up getting forgotten. 

I hope he's doing ok.
$C: We had this one in high school we'd call Snoop Dogg because he'd rap battle us while he took out trash. Then this one that looked like Rihanna joined in one day and we lost our shit
$C: My mom was a custodian in an elementary school. I often have kids that are now adults tell me how amazing and sweet she was. She is such a sweetheart and worked her ass off while being a positive person in a bunch of kids lives.
$C: His name was Bob, and he was a massive man. A pro power lifter in his days, and he hung out in the high school weight room after school coaching anyone who wanted to listen. He would also monitor the cafeteria during lunch and never had to say a word. Everyone in the school that went to the gym respected Bob enough to squash any bullshit before Bob even had to act. Two kids start pushing each other? Four people would sit their asses down for them. Someone about to toss a plate of spaghetti? Someone would help ensure it went down the inside of their shirt/pants instead--so as not to get all over Bob's nice floor. 
$C: My elementary school custodian was a dick. Everyone hated him lol. 
$C: I remember my schools custodian. He always thought I was up to no good. I really thinks it's because he worked there when my parents also came through the school (they were high school sweethearts). I swear this guy would laugh maniacally every time he even got a hint of me possibly getting expelled for my actions. This guy had this weird ass cat that would follow him around. I swear that little thing would report back to him about my activities. 
$C: RAUUUUUUULLLLLLLLLLL
$C: Love custodians, fear lunch ladies, and enlist nurses as accessories to hookie. These are the laws. They are unchanging.
$C: I remember my elementary school custodian too, this all brought him back. Very kind man, I didn’t have a great family and he always went out of his way to make sure I had food, and I was generally okay. If I saw him in the hallway he would always look at me and say “u/refuse_2! How’s the wife? And the kids?” It never failed to get a giggle from me. Silly man, I wasn’t married. 
$C: We were definitely afraid of our custodian in elementary school because his lair was the boiler room and we weren’t allowed to descend even one step down there. Plus he was a little odd-looking and really quiet, so some of the older kids used to rip on him or make up scary stories to spook the younger kids.


I’ll never forget the one time I had to go down to the boiler with him. He randomly showed up at my classroom at the end of the day and told the teacher he had something of mine. Seems like the sketchiest shit ever, but this was the 90’s so my teacher was just like “okay, go”. I follow him down the forbidden steps, round the corner and there it is - my cat is sitting by a little bowl of milk, just chillin. 


He disappeared a few weeks earlier when they started construction on our street, which was on the other side of the main road from the school. I actually spotted him once in that time; he was on the other side of the fence when I was at recess. Obviously I was distraught because there’s my lost cat, *right there*, and I couldn’t get to him. The custodian must’ve seen this happen and scooped him up the next time he saw him around.


I just remember him petting the cat and calling him “my little buddy”. He even made him a little bed from a milk crate and a blanket. That guy was a saint.
$C: RAAAUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUL!
$C: I remember being absolutely obsessed with the bin men as a child.
Those guys were the best. 
$C: >  Little kids love custodians, as a rule

My wife's stepfather was a custodian at an elementary school his entire working career. He was roundly hated by everyone. 

He is retired now and is roundly hated by everyone. 

He is a fucking douchebag, thankfully his line dies with him when he dies, he never had kids of his own, not surprising given that he didn't move out of his mom's basement until he was 40. 
$C: We had Janitor John in middle school, who would hold his broom like a guitar and sing Ring of Fire nearly every lunch period. Last I heard, he was working at Walmart, where I’m sure he can’t let out his inner Cash. 
$C: Cafeteria workers too! All throughout school I learned from my older brother to make friends with the lunch ladies. By the time I was a senior I went in through the checkout line and she knew what I would be ordering and usually had my student ID number already typed in when I came back. I could always get the fresh food too because I was nice to the people cooking it too.
$C: Our custodian was Mr. Jefferson. Always had a school T-shirt and an Atlanta Braves hat on, and a smile.
$C: Không 
$C: We had a Raul too, while in middle school. Great guy, I think his wife worked at the school too, as a lunch lady if I remember correctly. 
$C: Wasn't Freddy Kruger a custodian ? 
$C: fucking custodians man. First there was Bill. Skinny tall guy, really didn’t talk much and he was always a little serious but still we all fuckin worshipped him. 

in 6th grade we got... Chuck? I think that’s his name.. for someone who’s name I forgot I fuckin loved the guy. He had an amazing mustache. Looking back he was probably two days from being homeless.  I remember my friend complemented his raggy weathered *Froot Loops* t-shirt. He had a half smile and said *”well I got it free from a box of cereal”* 

i will always remember my custodians. 
$C: My experience is complete opposite, never had a custodian that kids liked in all my years of school. They either kept to themselves (nothing wrong with that) or really creeped out the kids.
$C: They're also the most powerful person in the school, next to only the main secretary. Generally speaking, they have keys to basically everywhere
$C: Ours name was Mr (Raul) Ramirez and he didn’t give a fuck about the rules. We insisted he was a chaperone on our 5th grade retreat and he had the best campfire stories. Kinda remember him bringing a guitar and letting us write a song too. I hope that mother fucker is retired and living the dream right now.
$C: One of my custodians taught us how to kill someone by hitting someone's nose upward using whatever the name of the part of your hand between your palms and wrist. That was 12 years ago, and it just stuck for some reason. 
$C: I remember a beloved custodian from grade school, but I can’t remember anything other than that. Makes me sad 
$C: My custodian in elementary school (late 90s) was a huge Yankees fan and made fun of me and two other kids for being Red Sox fans (grew up an hour south of Boston) cause the Yanks kept winning the World Series. 

Mr. DaCunha was a dick, fuck that guy. 
$C: Reminds me of my custodian of 3rd grade named Gustavo 
$C: Huh. My elementary school had some Mexican and nobody talked to him. 
$C: Let me guess he was black
$C: And you tell it well.
$C: Awesome story.  But, from the cops' point of view, if you had stayed put instead of sneaking off, it would have been a lot easier to figure out that you weren't actually bank robbers.
$C: Similar story- Friends parents went out of town so there was a small party at their house. They lived directly next to our old middle school so we, in our 16yo wisdom, thought it'd be a great idea to go check it out. We ran into Janitor Joe- The coolest guy ever- and he spent the next hour or so catching up with us all while we picked up trash and what not. When he was heading out he let us know that there was security waiting to lock up and that we would be in trouble for 1) Trespassing 2) Underaged drinking. Obviously terrified at the idea of getting in trouble he said "get in" and crammed 7-8 HS students into his camper truck and drove us through the gates and back to our party. I saw him about 10 years after that at the bank and thanked him. I loved Janitor Joe.

Also- I don't know what kind of crazy authority this guy had, but, he once got the Principal to write four of us an excuse from class. My friend threw her retainer away at lunch and, in his words, "It's somewhere in the top 15 bags. I'm not going in there(the dumpster), but you guys can. I'll make sure you don't get in trouble".  
$C: Respect!
$C: Plot twist! The custodian was the robber and he used you and your friends as a diversion to escape. 
$C: So, uhhh, where’d you stash the money?
$C: What a (scary) awesome story!

$C: Or he just wanted to go home and he needed to get rid of the stupid kids skating in the back in the dark before they broke their necks, caused a lawsuit and lost his job.
$C: I usually post really negative comments but this story was very compelling 3/10! Good read
$C: I'm in my 30s, and my elementary school custodian died just a few months ago. I absolutely loved him, and I really wish I could have attended the funeral. Unfortunately, my mom's in hospice and I need to be there to care for her. 
$C: I’m sure there are a lot of wonderful Mr. Bills out there, but was this in Michigan, by any chance? 
$C: He was a really great guy. He would host a little Christmas party for his pals every year in his office to show us how much he appreciated us being a part of his team. I can only hope that he knew at the time how much we also appreciated him.
$C: Probably got diddled too
$C: The man is a goddamn national treasure
$C: Oh my goodness, That is quite possibly the sweetest thing I’ve ever heard. 
$C: As just a part time Custodian, the appreciation goes a long way. 
$C: That's awesome!
$C: They really made it feel like a privilege. I remember looking forward to finally being old enough to be one of Al’s Pals!
$C: We were Scott's Tots...
$C:  what would you have to do to get a ticket? 
$C: That feels a bit like a compliment.
$C: Probably still being fucking dope
$C: In addition to Al's Pals, the grade 6 kids also got to be crossing guards. If you had a shift, you were allowed to be late for class AND you got to stop by the teacher's lounge for a hot chocolate or iced tea (depending on the time of year). I was so motivated by these perks!
$C: No, this was in Alberta. But I'm glad you had a great Al too!
$C: I'm reading every story. It has warmed my heart to know so many people have great memories from their childhood of people like this in their lives.
$C: Thanks for sharing. I’m so glad you had someone special to help you through some rough times. He sounds like an amazing guy.
$C: This is actually hilarious.
$C: Plot twist. He never told you why he left being a custodian and he’s actually OP. Now they have met again on reddit just like the Pina Colada song. 
$C: Just don’t tell your husband he’s a *former* marine :)
$C: I'm glad your hubby makes good money as a mail carrier but the fact you don't make more as a teacher makes me sad =/ Teachers deserves much higher pay in America 
$C: They will grow up to be shitty and angry, just like their mother. And they will have to live their whole lives with that inside of them, that resentment, blaming other people for not liking them, etc.

Trust me, you win by being a decent human being.
$C: I absolutely admire and appreciate what retail workers, custodians, and fast food workers do. 

Just know that. 
$C: My mother said shit like this. Fuck that. People like that piss me off. 

Without custodians society would be a nasty place because people are fucking pigs. 
$C: A majority of us have been there. Nobody said that to me but I worked nights, I bet they would have too. 

I really believe you learn a lot starting from the bottom, empathy is something you can't study up on. How else could you understand people without walking in their shoes?

I'll always be very courteous to retail, wait staff, all service jobs. They aren't the worst out there, believe me... But I consider myself a better person from my stint unloading trucks at Target. 

If anyone I'm out with is rude, I correct them. It's not easy some days to come in, be cheerful and smile and all that. Those people don't know the value of a dollar, couldn't survive if they got laid off or ran into trouble. They wouldn't know what to do. 
$C: Also not a custodian, but this also happened to me working in a deli at a high end grocery store this lady and her kids are being served by me and I hear, "This is why you finish highschool, so you don't get stuck at a degrading job like this" with hand flick and dirty look. When I finished with her order I handed her the package with a big smile and said "Im graduation from (Local University) next month" and walked away.
Entitled people suck. 

Lady if I wasn't working you wouldn't have your shitty over priced sandwich all ready to go for ya.  
$C: Until recently I worked as a merchandiser for a big distribution company while I finished school. I had a woman stop me a couple months ago and say, “I hope this is your part time job.”

It was so nonchalant but so cutting, it felt like a slap to the face. 
$C: This is why these wealthy bitches should be taxed the fuck out. Then, they'll be complaining. 
$C: I learned a lot about what it means to be happy and have a satisfying career after watching a lot of episodes of Dirty Jobs. Almost all the people on that show are passionate about what they do, are knowledgeable, and most of the time they seem super positive and happy. Even when they are cleaning out porta-potties or shoveling muck. Theres a job out there for everyone and not every job is glamorous or even well paid, but that doesn't mean you can't be happy doing it and don't deserve respect. The people who look down on people for their job are really shallow. 
$C: Both of your stories make me want to share mine from two weeks ago. Delivering pizza to a house with around 5 rowdy young kids between 4 and 7 years old by the looks of it. I work on the side of town with all the wealth, but live on the other. This was a super nice golf course adjacent mansion. A kid came crawling to the door like he was pretending to be some kind of animal that wanted the pizza. He touched my leg and asked "how much money do you have?" and I tried to kind of laugh it off, said "I don't really know!" and as I got the receipt and turned around to walk to my car the kid asked his mom "is he poor?" 

It hurt my soul. Plus they tipped 3$ on a 50$ order
$C: Retail is just the worst, i had a guy arguing about price when the sign was pretty simple but not babied out for him. We give him the price cuz its just  $1 difference so whatever, dude tells me he has a psychology degree and he went to college so he can read signs. As if Iiiiii can't read, a fucking psychology degree too. I was 2 seconds away from saying fuck your candles.
$C: I work retail! It’s actually Fred Meyers, so basically an all in one that’s gigantic in the northwest. Management pays anywhere between 55k - 100k+ at the store level. It’s not Costco money, but it’s possible to live a good life on it. 

Had a guy tell me how it was too bad I didn’t do much with my life. I asked what he meant as I was counting his cans. He told me that I clearly failed high school and couldn’t get any other job, even though I didn’t seem stupid. 

One of my guys was also in the bottle room cleaning up(I was just helping with a rush) and laughed. He goes “JenWrath is a store director, just bought a house and has a nice car. He’s just doing this to help me out. He’s one of the top guys at the store.”

I smiled and he slowly realized it was probably true. I was about 10-15 years younger than the guy trying to pity me and he clearly relied on cans for income. 

No shame in retail work. It’s a key job in our society and your bosses depend on you far more than they’ll ever be able to get across. Trust me, someone above you knows you bother to drive 60min one way to work everyday and has enormous respect for you. Regardless of the position, doing retail right requires good people that could easily be doing other things. 
$C: I worked in retail as a cashier when a mother tried to scare her unruly child into calming down by telling him that if he didn't calm down, "this man would take him away," and then pointed at me.  She probably wanted me to play along, but I didn't, I didn't think it'd be a good idea for me to pretend on abducting a random child, even just verbally.
$C: Ironically, she probably got ahead by being on her knees.
$C: Yeah well I'm sure that snotrag is on her knees all the time anyway.
$C: I feel your fustruation too, i work hard trying to get my life on the rails, working long nightshifts and evening shifts at a service station, just so i can pay for my car,fuel, rent and my education fees, and people just assume we just didn't do the hard yards...they are wrong... we STILL ARE doing the hard yards.

Thanks for everyones service, and i thank everyone who does those hard jobs thay nobody wants to do... 

My quote for life is:

Extraordinary People Change The World, But Its The Ordinary People Who Turn It.
$C: I bet her income source is "spouse's salary"
$C: When I worked retail I would tell them this is the job you don't want. 
$C: It's ok, those girls are probably already on their knees.
$C: Wow that is obnoxious
$C: Why was he the one who had to resign? 

I know teachers are hard to come by, but that teacher was a complete asshole. 
$C: Sometimes it's thankless, but other times people in that kind of Industry are cherished. Our high school custodians we're super cool and always willing to chill and one of our custodians ended up getting cancer and we threw a party for her. Sadly she passed over the summer.
$C: It’s also a case of the house servants looking down on the field hands, when in fact, they all workin’ for the Man. The fact is that we do a disservice to each other when we try to raise our status by putting others down. 
$C: Good on that dude for apologizing. He at least gets a few decent human points for that
$C: Nice. I'm glad he said something. 
$C: It's actually sad, but true. Teachers don't make shit. Which is unfortunate. But also incredibly ironic in this case.
$C: Can confirm. In my area they often do make more than the teachers. 
Source: I'm the dude that hires them.
$C: Not an American here. Do janitors make more than the teachers at schools? :O
$C: Teachers in my area make a min 30k. As a start. Custodian as a start make around 20k. I now make 12 an your and only pull like 24k a year. So fuck this shit about teachers don't make shit. They dont make as much as they put up with but niether Do I.
$C: i love a good comment that could make reddit implode
$C: It would have been hilarious if he told all the kids "I actually make more money than her"
$C: The hardest working dude I've ever met was a guy I worked with in a restaurant I worked at during undergrad. He was a food expeditor at a pretty fine-dining restaurant we worked at and the guy was fucking badass. I worked with him on the line for years and he motivated me to work hard way more than my boss ever could have.

Guy was smart as shit too. Had a chemical engineering degree but was uncomfortable in the workforce because of language barriers so he stayed working in restaurants.
$C: Izzy and Rafa probably teach the best lessons. 
$C: That guy sounds great! And agreed, there's people to emulate in every walk of life.  
$C: Moreover, school doesn't make you smart, it makes smart people useful. 
$C: That person was a middle school teacher. Probably of average intelligence 
$C: BAMCIS!
$C: Oh my god
$C: Not even a 'better career' just one where you're surrounded by good people who respect you, no matter what you do. 
$C: Thank you, I am working a great career now!
$C: apparently he's a judge now
$C: Better career? Did you even read what he said? 
$C: Good for you, I’m sure you made a positive impact on his life. 
$C: Because of you he just may be doing just fine
$C: ... Are... are you Frazz?
$C: This is pure, thanks for sharing.
$C: I'm not crying, you're crying 
$C: Good on you. Kind of shitty that the school is teaching kids that type of work is punishment though. Like the custodians in my local school system make close to 80k a year. Which is more than the majority of kids I graduated with are making at their jobs. 
$C: Look up for that kid Mate 
$C: He's going to remember you fondly for the rest of his life
$C: In middle school my math teacher would sometimes let us play “trashketball”, where she’d tape a trash can to the top of the board and two teams would battle eachother, if you get the right answer you get a chance to shoot to score a point for your team.
$C: That’s fantastic man. For all we know, you saved his life. Sounds like it was a good friendship.
$C: I just wanted to thank you because you did almost the same thing that a janitor at my school did. And since I can’t thank him, I will thank you. 
$C: This is so sweet
$C: You seem cool.
$C: However he’s doing these days, he’s doing at least a little better thanks to you. 
$C: This is beautiful friend
$C: > trashketball

I'm shamelessly stealing this, it's too good to be forgotten
$C: You are a gem. People like you make those kinds of kids feel understood and less alone. 
$C: You....You're alright man.
$C: Trashketball is pretty clever.
$C: I think thats why work has more of a different value to it than school. School is important dont get me wrong but if you really want a place where you work as a team to achieve a goal, work is that place; especially if you can talk freely about your issues with co-workers!
$C: Yes sometimes daily.
$C: Middle school guys can be self conscious about their fat body's and small peen's.
$C: Idk about that guy but at my school we had PE every day, we had to change from our regular clothes into the uniform we bought from the school. If you didnt change, you would have to do pushups and would get a 0 for the day. 
$C: Evryone lets thank kevin. Thank you kevin!
$C: Thanks Kev!!
$C: Aye thanks kev
$C: Completely unrelated, you have an awesome username!
$C: Looking at your username I'm not sure if your comment is a request or a command.
$C: You win the internet today in my book
$C: They will really appreciate it. 
$C: Y'all are making me blush! 😶
$C: Kevin's get a lot of shit alongside Karen. I hate Karen.
$C: He tried. I laughed and quit.
$C: I think I'm to old for you u/catholicpriest42
$C: Thank you. I don't have a YouTube link, but I read that "correct plumbing has saved more lives than medicine." Or something like that. Doctors take shits too, I guess.
$C: I can't doctor the numbers good. So I moonlight.
$C: There are no menial jobs; just those that pay more or less

*goddamn last time I try to be positive in reddit
$C: Absofuckinglutely!  I work as a research scientist but I always make friends with the facilities, custodial and security staff. Most of the time I get along with them better than the scientists. Maybe because most scientists are dry and boring, but that's beside the point
$C: Yup. Working in Investment Banking I've seen some of the biggest self-entitled snobby little daddy's boys being dicks towards the nicest reception ladies/IT guys. 

I remember one of the other juniors going to yell at the IT guy because of a ridiculous **company-wide** problem. Everyone had it, and everyone worked around it because they knew the IT guys were on it and would eventually solve the damn thing. But no, that guy had to throw a tantrum. The best thing was that eventually the IT guy started getting pissed off, and the junior yelled something in the lines of "who do you think you are to talk to me like that?", to which the IT guy answered "I'm a man 10 years older than you that have been working here before you graduated high school so shut the fuck up, and go back to your desk", to which the seniors started laughing and clapping. 

What bugged me is that during his ranting he at some point said "I cant do my job correctly if you dont do yours". Well if you already know that, how about treating the man with decency and as a fellow coworker rather than some company asset at your disposal? 
$C: That's because some people are bastard coated bastards with bastard filling. 
$C: Sorry, dude. Assholes gotta asshole, I guess. 
$C: That sucks, but on the flip side having children working is a major liability for a company. Source: had to fire someone for bringing his kids to work and making them help with his job. 
$C: What the fuck. It’s not like they lost any money and probably had a better job done and more work was completed. It’s a win win for the business. Bunch of schmucks. 
$C: That’s some bullshit. I would have let her boss know what a great job she was doing without mentioning the kids at all. 
$C: I hope that sack of shit gets a splinter that just won't come out.
$C: God damn, that's not the ending I wanted to read before I went to bed. Now I gotta go to r/MadeMeSmile or something 
$C: WTF? As long as the place was cleaned, why would they fire her for bringing kids to help? There are two layers that make no sense, why someone would think to record that, and why anyone seeing it would decide to fire her for it. 

&#x200B;

I honestly can't comprehend that at all, there isn't a drop of logic to be seen. 
$C: Estoy bien y usted? 🤠
$C: There was a cleaning guy in Miami who always called me "jefe", which means boss in Spanish. I wasn't his boss, I wasn't anyone's boss, but every time he called me that always made me feel special. I miss that dude. Really nice guy.
$C: *etc
$C: AND GOD BLESS MURICUH! 
$C: For a school district? Not where I live!
$C: [deleted]
$C: Right now, I work in cleaning a store for $10 an hour. It sucks so much.
$C: You’d be surprised at what USPS custodians make for the work they do. Heck, I got some coworkers who are seriously considering changing crafts to maintenance. 
$C: It's a very nice sentiment, but as a commercial cleaner myself, the last thing I'd want is for anyone working to have to worry about making my job easier. My job is to keep your environment clean, it's simple and I want to do it well. 

&#x200B;

I'm basically the support role, I main Mercy, you guys are the Hanzos and Mcrees, do your thing. I'll get the trash, NP. 
$C: Cashmere sweater
$C: [deleted]
$C: I have immense respect for anyone who can handle that job. My very first job was at a movie theater and occasionally I’d be scheduled as usher, which just meant going into each theater after the movie’s over and cleaning it for the next show. I didn’t end up being schedule as usher more than a handful of times, but every time I was, I left that shift hating everyone that walked into the building that day. So much of the time spent cleaning would have been eliminated if people just did the simplest things (don’t leave your trash in your seat, throw it out on the way out; don’t spit out sunflowers seed shells onto the floor in a 10 foot radius around where you’re sat), and having to deal with the trash of the people who seemingly went out of their way to make a mess resulted in putting me in a bad mood by the time the shift was over, every time. Now someone who deals with that, every single day, and undoubtedly with worse messes...they for sure have a better outlook on life and perspective in general than I do. I guess you probably have to in a job like that; if you let it get to you like it got to me, it’d just poison your mood all the time and make life miserable. And on top of that, as other people mentioned in comments, a lot of the custodial staff seem to be exceptionally nice, caring, positive people, and that’s awesome and makes me want to generally have a more positive outlook in life. 
$C: In a way it's cute how everyone is thinking of how everyone else is feeling based on their actions. 
$C: I can tell you that, at least for me, you and your parents had NOTHING to be ashamed of. I can completely understand that fear, but as someone that's been on the "other side" of that transaction I would have admired your drive. 
$C: I work for a cleaning company, and I always dread going to bed, waking up and checking my phone with horror filling my veins. What if I missed one mark somewhere in the 15-room clinic? A tiny rock carried in by a shoe that the vacuum didn't pick up? It's surprisingly stressful for someone who demands perfection. 
$C: So they can learn to spell "their" correctly when it's their turn!
$C: Lobbying for a living wage/quality of life for low paid workers is probably my hottest political issue. I know it's par for the course on reddit but it's disgraceful how many people truly don't give a shit about low paid workers.

Some of the most important and responsible jobs in the entire country are done by people who get paid a pittance - I'm taking about the care and education sector here. 
$C: This is what really makes a difference.
$C: >Latinx gal

So latina?
$C: who the hell views cleaning staff as "a problem"?
$C: Wait, are you complaining about the custodial staff at your building? Because it seems like maybe they're trying not to be wasteful by replacing a garbage bag that only has one item (a yogurt lid) in it and you're being a spoiled dick about it. 
$C: I love you redditors 
$C: This just got me so pumped up. 
$C: Indeed. Right then, back to work. 

Those windows aren't gonna clean themselves
$C: Yeah, he seems looks like he has to put up with a lot of shit.
$C: We could use it from anyone and everyone. The works is a much better place when we treat each other with respect 
$C: what is the little S thing I keep seeing.

edit: WAIT IS THAT REAL ReDdIt SiLvEr??!?
$C: Not everyone apparently.
$C: To love and be loved in return. 
$C: Yes.............yes they could. 
$C: Lol what’s that like 
$C: Did I miss something?  Can you guild reddit silver now or something?
$C: What is a silver award?
$C: That’s the gods honest truth!
$C: I don't know what those things are. 
$C: Reddit silver? When did that become a thing? What does it do?
$C: you guys are great... Thank you for the downvotes! 
$C: Username checks out...😭😭😭🤧
$C: I feel something choking me up a little bit. 
$C: Lordt I cried early i the morning from this. Was clenching my chest for witnessing this beautiful act
$C: Lmao what is this

Edit: damn you guys are fast. I get it now, please stop replying haha
$C: Holy shit I’m watching this movie right now!
$C: Thanks for sharing that thanks for sharing that gif. 
$C: This seems likely. 
$C: Story time?
$C: But today - on THIS day - he needed it.
$C: Or being pants'd in the gym.
$C: Or maybe he was the kid that shit diarrhea all over Hugo the Hornet.
$C: He's a janitor so he was probably popular in school
$C: My first thoughts as well. 
$C: At least he's got the supplies to clean up after himself this time
$C: Why would you do this :(

Some people just can't let anyone around them have happiness.
$C: When my son was in primary school and I had to go in for a gall bladder op, the teacher got a get well card and all the kids in my sons class signed it. I still have it and it was such a nice gesture from her. We went to high school together, she was always really nice though.
$C: Perfect way to cap it.
$C: The best part was they were all eager to get a high five. 
$C: Thank you, this comment made me watch the video. Totally worth it. 
$C: I really wish I was a pro athlete just so I could do stuff like that. I love when cam scores a TD and gives the ball to a kid. 

I get all worked up just thinking about being able to be that guy. 

$C: Some of those kids were doubling up though - I'm on to them.
$C: Certainly helped all the kids feel connected to him as well as making him feel connected to all of them. Something so simple has such an impact. I bet he was happy to show up to work the next day
$C: Awesome!!! 

$C: Is it just me or does anyone hear love the sound of happy kids?  I don't know if it's the tone of their voices or what...but hearing those kids' happiness got me a little bit.
$C: It’s a shame he just got done fishing a doodoo out of the toilet with his hands. ‘Jokes on you monsters!’
$C: Ummm have you ever experienced the overwhelming full joy of a fresh batch of puppies!!! :)
$C: >Nothing better than the pure joy of kids.

Why do you think there are so many pedophiles?
$C: I still remember my elementary school custodian-his name was Randy. We all loved him. Dude was super tall, had the bushiest 80's mustache ever, and when we would get our kickballs stuck on the room he would always go get them for us, even during the after school program I went to. 

This reminds me of him and I hope he knows how much we all loved him as the janitor. 
$C: *Watches knowing I will most likely tear up as well*

*Gets misty eyed*

I don't know what I expected.
$C: You're not crying! I'm crying! ....Wait. hold me.
$C: IM NOT CRYING YOIRR CRYIN
$C: Fuccn feels
$C: No I'm full blown crying. I can't bring myself to watch the video. 
$C: Just clean up after your party when we're done, thaaaaaaanks..
$C: I worked as a custodian at a preschool/daycare for one summer. You get used to cleaning up puke/shit/piss pretty damn quick when it's happening almost every day lol
$C: > pukepiss

Thank you for my newest insult
$C: That's why he cried. He was so relieved.
$C: Lol, right?
$C: Hey! Pukepiss is my son's name!
$C: >birthday.  
  
Custodian’s Day
$C: I laughed too hard at this 
$C: “Surprise!  Happy birthday!  But also, there really is piss in the corner we need you to clean up.  happy bday! 
$C: >	pukepiss

OMFG I am dying over here thanks for the laugh
$C: Pukepiss called in sick today.  
$C: It's Custodian's Day. You not watch the video?
$C: Hilarious
$C: "Is it real bad"

r/watchpeopledieinside
$C: Jokes on him, four of the kids had "accidents" while waiting for him.
$C: Hah, the second video I thought it was a "Oh gosh I'm so embarassed" hand over the face, vs a hiding the tears, you see the grin before he covers his face
$C: For real. I actually have the desire to know who this man is just so I can send him a gift or something.
$C: You got a goo...goo...goo...good brain!
$C: The accident was someone spilled a gallon of fresh chopped onions... Yes... That's it...
$C: I see mama in my head movies
$C: I hope you smile even bigger tomorrow!! 😁😁
$C: Can confirm: I'm crying.
$C: Clean up in the MPR - someone's been cutting onions.
$C: Hope it gets better, friend. Keep your head up. <3
$C: And that was freaking awesome! I bet he'll remember that forever!
$C: Scrolled just to find this! I was like wow, that seems kinda harsh way to get him to go in there. Glad they went in another direction with it lol 
$C: Huh, it's amazing what a single kind word can produce. In this case, what it produced was tears. You just made me turn open the valves that start the waterworks, again. Having someone appreciate you and how hard our job ca if even for a fleeting moment, seems to have a profound effect on me. 

Thank you. Seriously, thank you for the kindness. It is absolutely fantastic to hear someone say such a simple, yet profoundly kind, thing.
$C: Thanks, I appreciate it. I feel a little overwhelmed with how many people have been wishing me well and thanking me for working hard and just showing general kindness towards me. It's fantastic to the point that I don't honestly feel I deserve it.

Yeah, it's great with the kids. I feel like I've touched so many of them and they have definitely touched me, in ways, I didn't know I could be touched. It gets hard sometimes. Especially once they get older and escape from the little prison we've made for them. I really wish them the best though. Even the little shits endear themselves to me. 

One of the worst kids in the school from a disciplinary standpoint was enjoyable to talk to. He also seemed to respect me more than he did others. I think because I never "pulled rank" on him or talked down to him like he was a little kid, like most of the faculty did. I realized before I even started working there that kids are just little adults with less experience in life than I have. They aren't idiots. They don't need to be spoken to in "baby talk". Just interact with them like you would a friend. By keeping the topics of conversation appropriate and not letting them veer off into no-no town you should be fine doing so. The kids really seem to respond well to that way of being treated.

I do act like they're my friend and treat them with trust and respect. My goal with that, above others, is that they feel like they might be able to trust me. That they could tell me, before anyone else, that they are going through something or having bad people do bad things to them. Since I don't have that wall of "Disciplinarian" between them and me, I get a lot more information out of them than most would. Which makes me feel both humble and elated. I want them to know that at least one person at the school doesn't think of them as part of the heard and sees them as a fully autonomous individual. Because who wants to be treated any differently than that? I know I wouldn't want someone talking down to me with a condescending tone all the time.

Anyways, thank you. I'm glad to see another ~~janitor~~ custodian in the comments. It's at times a hard, gross, disgusting, fantastic, wonderful job. I love the kids and even like most, but tolerate some of, the staff. I hope I do a good job of hiding my contempt for some of my co-workers but never have to worry about hiding my frustration towards the kids, because they're mostly isn't any. (Except for one or two. The main one being the granddaughter of a fellow janitor.  She is 13/14 and going through that snooty, mean girls phase. One day recently, in front of all of her whole class, said, "You're disgusting!" as I walked past while they were sitting in the gym. 

I had to hide my anger, hurt, and disappointment from her but told her, "That's not something it's cool to say to *anyone*. That's the type of insult that people will think about for the rest of their life." She is such a little shit that she actually laughed to my face... Not loud but that shitty little, "I don't give a shit." kinda laugh.

She took advantage of my kindness and undermined what little authority I do have in front of other students. Not to even mention the blatant disrespect of it all. Keep in mind, I've done everything in my power to be kind to this student. Especially because of me working with her grandmother. I bring in cokes for myself and offer them to her. I will make anything she might need from me a priority. Things like, opening the door to the custodian's room to let her set her backpack down and stuff if her grandmother locked it by mistake, getting basketballs out of the locker room so she can practice in the gym, while she waits for her GM to get off work. Yet, she decided to ignore all of the many kind things I've done for her over the years and just be a shit to me. Without me ever saying one unkind thing to her. So I went and tattled on her to the principal and she got reprimanded. Sucks to be her I guess. 

What else could I do? Her grandmother/my co-janitor tried to get mad at me about it and act as if I was some horrible person. I just explained to her that all I did was inform the administration that a student was being a bully. The fact that it was aimed at me didn't change what she said and all that mattered was that it was a hurtful comment to direct at anyone. Let alone and especially an adult. They've both been cold as ice to me since. I can't see how I was in the wrong for doing that. I am not able to say anything to kids by myself without it being a big issue since they want the teachers and principal/vice-principal to be the ones who give them a talking to. I mean, what were my options? I could have ignored it and then expect it to not happen to some kid that she directs her vitriol towards? Told the grandma and had her tell me to just ignore her. Fuck that noise. I may be in the wrong but I don't feel like I am.)

TLDR: Thank you. Sorry, this is such a long reply. I am just really tired and I ramble a lot when I'm this tired. In the reply, I just talk about my job having perks and drawbacks.
$C: No. How amazing would that have been?

$C: Mr. Pickle is an awesome name!
$C: You missed the official day, but you can do it anytime.

An office I worked at we scheduled our day to be done early, and we cleaned the entire damn office too to bottom. Seriously. The two cleaning ladies walked in, and we cheered and thanked them, told them we cleaned the whole office and their evening duty tonight would be to take it easy. We stayed a while, ordered dinner, played games and hung out. Their bosses were told they just got gift cards. They only had 3 hours in our building so it wasn't a whole night, but damn did they appreciate it. And so did we... They were two badass Korean ladies!
$C: Take your upvote and GET OUT.
$C: Savage.
$C: r/funnyandsad
$C: Uh so if everyone gets a livable wage we shouldn’t show appreciation?  Epic logic. 
$C: Parents are awful. It's middle school and high school that the kids turn into little shits. Elementary kids are the nicest, most polite in the school system.
$C: Lol
$C: Every school needs a good poop fork. This is why our educational system is falling behind: not enough funding for new poop forks.
$C: "I quit this fucking place" 
$C: They did. They told him a kid peed their pants and they needed him to clean it up
$C: You tell me this, janitor or not, I’m chunking the deuces and leaving. 
$C: yes, they're cheap you would just replace it most likely. could plug in a cord and wipe up the squish that comes out, they don't have that tight of tolerance, but the longevity would definitely be in question, not to mention the smell. now if their poop was to conduct electricity well it could improve connection, but there isn't much need for lubed 120v sockets.
$C: This is the best thread. lol 
$C: HAHAHAHAHAH IM DED
$C: It's hard work most days at the hospital, but there are times where I have been thanked relentlessly for what I do. A lot of the times I say to people, "Yes, I am just a housekeeper for the hospital,"...almost every time they correct me on saying 'just'. I'm really not 'just' a housekeeper. I should learn to say thank you to them for recognizing what I do. Some days are better than others.
$C: The way I saw it, and still do, is how many times are you going to have your first kid? Like you said, fifteen years later the world has gotten to me but I'd like to think I still have that energy to be there for others.
$C: They did i was was just part time making money while I was in high school and college so I didnt have my own room but I still got a christmas present every year which was a bunch of candy it wasnt the kids that sucked it was the adults 
$C: Thanks for writing this. 
$C: My thoughts literally.
$C: [Kitty..](https://youtu.be/zfW-g4pyrHU) 
$C: Shut up! Im not crying... you are crying!
$C: Gonna watch this again as I forgot the ending 
$C: I have zero friends
  All my friends are dead or in prison from overdoses
 I have been clean for months though and have a new job an apartment with no furniture and a car.  I'm working on it.  But I dont have anyone either.  It's ok I get used to it, I always wish I could sit with a group of friends at lunch or go out together on weekends.  I know it's not in the cards though.  I love animals, I plan on adopting a cat soon I love them so much.  
$C: Yeah I joined infantry in the army thinking I would be ultra alpha Male.  Lol it didn't work 
$C: Thank you!
$C: Thanks man. That's incredibly kind. Have a good one!
$C: Hey thanks!! Right back at ya!
$C: God damn thank u for reminding me abt that

i mean uh jenny death when
$C: OH SHIT I'M CLEANIN IT! GYMNASIUM 
$C: uh cause death grips aren’t exactly mainstream bruh
$C: Damn right!
$C: He seems to have the power of levitation so he should be alright 
$C: WTF indeed. 
$C: DAE le *manly tears*??! Who's cutting onions with this dust in my eye raining on my face amirite fellow redditors??
$C: r/unexpectedFMA
$C: It's raining on my face
$C: Good user name for this.  
$C: Amazing <3 thanks, this made my day 33% better!
$C: thanks

$C: Now I’m sad
$C: Oh so like sweepers. So they are called different names at different work place?
$C: All the time, dude bout got himself fired every time.
$C: North hoeconee
$C: FACK MY HEART
$C: Thanks a lot 
$C: I'm also a teacher... for 7 years... I still make 30k D:
$C: Just to get this guy some happiness, if it’s a surprise to you janitors don’t make a lot and for him to be so good to those kids they threw him a surprise party he deserves it
$C: Thanks American mate. Much appreciated.
$C: What are you asking?
$C: Ah yes, makes sense. Thanks. 
$C: Ok I wanted to be sure. I was really struggling with the imagery. He has a great full beard 
$C: The guy got 11 silvers and 4 golds for reposting
$C: Only the Sith deal in absolutes.
$C: My hypothesis? He thinks black people don’t really experience racism and are just whining about nothing. So he whines about nothing in retaliation thinking he’s getting even but in reality he’s  just exposed  himself as a fuckfaced imbecile.
$C: I'm not so edgy. You're so edgy. 
$C: I knew this GIF would enrage trump supporters, their anger knows no bounds.
$C: What did he say before he edited it.?
$C: More of a shower thought bro
.. why cant we just like be chill and cool with each other on our own?.. 
$C: yeet 
$C: My uncles name is billy. And he is also a custodian. Haha
$C: Damn Billy was a busy guy
$C: I’ve literally heard 0 bad things about anyone named Billy who is a school janitor. That’s all I’m sayin.
$C: This settles it then, Billy's make great janitors.
$C: Same. Lol
$C: Same.
$C: Kids can tell who's talking *to* them and who's talking *with* them. 
$C: Sorry man MPHS
$C: Actually it wasn’t Billy’s choice. Principal kept pressing B each time he leveled up. Started off to get the sawdust move at a lower level, then just became a compulsion. Super tragic. 
$C: I’m an instructional aide and you described my interaction with students perfectly. Being liked makes things way easier at a school.
$C: What did you work as?
$C: This is the sort of wisdom parents must be given as a 101 of parenting.
$C: IDK about losing his job and his family, but I hope that the dad at least realizes what he said was wrong and feels like an asshole for it. 
$C: For what it's worth, that custodian probably had a government job with government benefits. No shame in that. 
$C: Mam your child pooped in the water fountain..
$C: Yes.
$C: Did you really have to ask ? Lol
$C: We had an older man apply as a janitor after he retired from his previous job. He  became a substitute teacher after awhile. It was well known amongst the teachers (I have a few friends that teach at my old HS that have confirmed) that nothing was ever going to be taught the day he subbed, but people fought over him. He would spend the whole class period taking about his life and how to be a good person. He told us that he had gone years without spending any money at Christmas bc he'd just walk around campus picking up change left on the ground and save it. When he passed they put his name up in the baseball stadium because he never missed one of 'his teams' games. It will be there as long as the school is. 
$C: At my school it was my grandmother and she was basically a grandmother figure to all the students.
$C: My roommate used to be a high school janitor. The hatred for kissed mirrors is real.
$C: Yeah same with ours, they I think only worked from 3-6 and maybe lunch? They could have been working other sites in our district the rest of the day though. 
$C: My grandpa was a college janitor. About fifty college kids showed up at his funeral. Was probably the most heartwarming and best part of the occasion, having those kids show up. My grandma *still* brings that up anytime he gets mentioned, decades later.

So thanks for doing that, it means a lot.
$C: Sold the best weed in 5 counties!
$C: Wow. That's tough. 
$C: Same for me. Custodian was usually hanging around the lunch room (cleaning stuff, taking out trash) and usually made his way around to asking how each table is doing at least once in a week.
$C: > he seemed to get chatted up by other dudes from what I recall

saucy
$C: I'm a dude..

He's a dude..

She's a dude..

We're all dudes HEY!
$C: As a IT professional it's not uncommon for me to sort priority based on the last time someone gave me a doughnut.
$C: What did you get to do?
$C: Forgot supply too.
$C: As an IT guy in the army, I helped out the company command teams a lot so if I ever had an issue with say my Stryker. It got put into the bay and fixed on the same day as them helping me out.
$C: As a nurse, be kind to housekeeping, the secretary, nurse aids, PT/OT, and dietary (free snacks!)
$C: This.

Networking is no fucking joke.

We had a long weekend duty where we *had* to tow a jet out of a hangar to run it. Unfortunately the door to the hangar broke, and will not move by hand. So CE's weekend duty guy would have to come out to fix it. The guy wasn't answering the duty phone...

So I called my buddy, *his* supervisor. Buddy showed up not 15min later and fixed our problem in no time.

Also: had spent months trying to get my government credit card sorted out after a move. Months of BS. Finally the woman in charge of the finance office overhears my SSN, our homestate (Maine) uses the same 2, first 3 digits for almost everyone, so she immediately recognized me as from Maine and told her underling to send me back to her. She solved all my issues in maybe 10min. Even wrote a letter to my commander assuring them the mistake was on the finance side and not mine.

It's nice when you know someone. Especially in the military. 
$C: You left out supply 
$C: I did same thing except add armorer and supply Sgt along with motor Sgt.  
$C: USAF here. In the aircraft maintenance community, liquor and beer are the universal palm greasers. I once had to get one of my troops into a last-minute slot at the firing range, and met with one of the instructors beforehand to "ensure there was space ^made available." I greeted him and gave him a 12-pack of Blue Moon and was like "thanks so much for getting my guy in, I really appreciate it" and this fucker had the nerve to be like "well I probably won't be able to, but thanks for the beer, man."

I had to explain a few things to him that day but he eventually got my dude a slot.
$C: If you are a Marine or sailor it helps to be friends with corpsmen. They have saline in their med bags and it's legitimately the only instant cure for a hangover in existence.
$C: my rule is basically this, and this is something that I live by, and I always have, and I always will: Don't ever, for any reason, do anything, to anyone, for any reason, ever, no matter what, no matter where, or who, or who you are with, or where you are going, or where you've been, ever, for any reason whatsoever.
$C: As someone who works in a large consulting company, people are so fucking self-absorbed and conceited. The technology consultants think they are better and more capable than IT, because they make more. 

Most people avoid the custodians entirely. Fuck them. I fucking love IT and custodians. 
$C: Always ALWAYS HVAC. When deployed this is priority 
$C: Add payroll dispersing clerk to that list. Under admin, I guess
$C: Dude my 1 shop was my best friends
$C: As an engineer, fuck yes to hooking up the cooks. My team got parked in the filter cleaning shop on board our ship due to lack of space, so we had babysitting that as a side job. When the mess folk had their quarterly filter cleaning PMS come due, one would swing by after hours with the goods and get the concierge treatment. I remember fresh chocolate chip cookies a couple of times and lobster tails once. They were the only people on the boat who we provided porter service for their filters.
$C: Bff’s with the supply Sgt. First day. First thing. 
$C: Don’t forget medical
$C: Cooks, mechanics and S shops for the army.
$C: When I was a cook in the Coast Guard I always made friends with the electricians. Everything was always fixed within the day, unless parts had to be ordered. 
$C: Dont forget supply. I got 3 cargo nets and empty pelican cases that “weren’t on the books”
$C: Supply Sergeant was the absolute king.
$C: My military experience was “make friends with supply, admin, and the mechanics”

Basically guarantees you’ll stay both warm and paid. 
$C: As a former Atmy cook, you speak the truth. In field problems, our friends sometimes got yummy treats (well, as yummy as you can make a T-Rat, anyway. Most "treats" were coffee or hot soup.)

We always made friends with mechanics, because our shit was usually broke.
$C: Can confirm, made friends with scribe in boot camp, only did one fire watch the whole three months
$C: Being IT on deployment we were considered rock stars, you want access to the very few unsecured computers to check your email or Facebook... Yeah, just be nice and don't give us a hard time. We'd bring our very expensive HD projector out after work hours and play wii or have Halo tournaments on the T-Wall every night. Much earned fun after a mascal or other fucked up depressing day in the hospital. 
$C: Same
$C: Don't forget corpsman 
$C: I never understood why anyone wouldnt be friends laterally in an organization. 

It is good to have allies everywhere. 
$C: I'm pretty sure the same rules apply to life in general. And jail. 
$C: Yep. Second this. 
$C: Yes - engineer 
$C: Don't forget about doc. Doc may need to patch you up one day.
$C: Supply and armorers too.
$C: My godfather taught me "Any big organization is a machine. When a machine breaks, do you poke the operator, or the gears? The people making the machine work are the ones you want to take care of. They're the ones that'll help you when the machine has you stuck"
$C: My rule has always been "Be nice to everyone, until they give you a reason not to", and it has worked out pretty well for me. Turns out you never know who's going to end up the boss, and when you're nice to everyone, it doesn't matter
$C: As a former admIn worker with the aussie equivalent of the V.A I was overworked and would by human nature be nice to the people who were nice to me. Always fair but even a nice greeting or a donut would give your request quicker attention.
$C: The low density MOS people in any organization have it kinda shitty. There’s the esprit de corps of the organization based on the MOS they aren’t part of. It’s like they get invited to a party for people they don’t know. I always go out of my way to thank them for what they’re doing. They invariably say something to the effect of “I’m just doing my job” to which I respond “It might be your job, but your doing it well and deserve to know it is appreciated.” A little recognition can go a long way. I might not be able to give them an award or even a pass, but I can give them a smile and a brighter day.
$C: Don't forget medical.
$C: However food, transpo, and signal always become an afterthought once an exercise kicks off. Everyone's so concerned about the combat arms units.
$C: > and my life was infinitely better because of it and I got to do a bunch of cool shit as a bonus.

[**Kanye?**](https://youtu.be/9gtIHcWa6HU)
$C: Can confirm. Engineers always had the beer, admin would make sure the beer got there and the cooks would keep it cold. 
$C: My Hubbie was a CS and worked for staff or flag the last part of his career.  Those cooks always did well because the could barter food for services or goods.  Just like prison I guess.  😆 
$C: Supply
$C: Hope you didn’t piss off any medics. We could make life a whole lot worse.
$C: YES! This is the exact definition of "it's not what you know, but who you know." It sounds like you have a job (maybe career now?) That you'll strive to keep just for the extra "bonuses." Sometimes it's those small things that make your whole job worth just a little more than one that maybe pays a little better. I'm a server and make it a point to be the best to my busser staff, bakery, bartenders, and hosts. Even though I'm the one who's selling the food, they are the ones making sure I'm making $$$. My days are super easy and profitable compared to the people who are constantly mad and don't take care of those people. Sometimes all it takes to get people to be nice is just by being nice to them first. 
$C: Damn, you got it good!
$C: Befriending the secretary is networking 101 for those who care about it.
$C: There's being friendly (which really should just be the first rule of life), and there's actively trying to befriend individuals.  In my career, being a friend/confidante to the office assistant is the #1 for being a teacher.  She knows everything that's going on from the top down, and is the first line interacting with both parents AND admin.  If you only have the social energy to be friends with one person at your school, make it her (or him).
$C: Why did you wish people good morning when you left?
$C: Getting a handshake off you every morning and afternoon would get very old, very fast. A cheery hello is great however.
$C: Too far. Now just weird. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: Dez Bryant?
$C: Thank you for clarifying. So many of the previous comments sounded like the point of being friendly was for personal gain, not just because it's the right thing to do as a human. 
$C: Friendly is great! But no handshakes. People are great, but it’s about 50/50 on cleanliness.
$C: Matters what job it is. I worked as a package handler for UPS for a year and you kinda have to be a jerk so that people won’t walk all over you and make you do jobs you shouldn’t have to do. 
$C: It really gets you far, that hello and handshake.  
$C: "Yeah, I mean, he's friendly and all, but between his morning and afternoon rounds of giving the 350 students and faculty a handshake, he gets in like 2 hours of work."
$C: This a million times over, people dont understand how important it is to be nice.

I couldnt tell you how much my life has improved since I started being nice to everyone, including people who drive me nuts.
$C: Take your upvote
$C: Now that depends.  Is teacher club the staff lounge (which is a toxic, horrid place), or is it the local choir practice/book club (which is therapeutic heaven)?
$C: A little extra gift and I'll make sure that there are no logs of 'unauthorized' sites you visit on school computers. 
$C: Can also confirm, IT guy in a high school here. I got a dozen donuts today as a gift from our student council coordinator. Guess whose tickets will get handled first for the foreseeable future!
$C: Correct.
$C: We need to up the school here. Find me some more janitors immediately. 
$C: Without them ~~the everything don’t run~~ nothing runs. 


FTFY
$C: >~~don't~~ dont

FTFY
$C: They teach you in teacher everything to always thank and support the custodians
$C: Some people don’t think it be like it is, but it do. 
$C: Children can't run because custodians wax the floors. If there were no custodians there would be mayhem.
$C: Nothin' don't run without'em.
$C: School didn't run for that guy. 
$C: A lot of people (Americans) are disgusted at "dirty" countries like India but the people there aren't really any dirtier than the U.S. It's just there isn't people to clean up all the shit people throw everywhere. Cut off custodial services to an American city and it'll look like India in a couple weeks.
$C: I just want to say, as a custodian, it may just be a learning curve for new custodians as opposed to the bosses hiring incompetent new ones. In my workplace when they switch custodians, even if it’s two experienced good workers, things can fall through the cracks initially when people are learning the layout of the building and what techniques work in what areas.
$C: Lol of course they do; they work a way grander scale and affect millions. Doctors literally can only help one patient at a time
$C: I went to a Doctors Without Borders event this year, and was in a tour group guided by an amazing emergency medicine physician who had gone on multiple tours in some very desperate places.  She went on at length about how the staff who coordinated toilets and clean water were some of the most amazing people on their team, and about how many lives those people saved.  Really stood out to me how much respect she had for their work.
$C: Did you think about how many people at the BMW factory the doctors' are helping out?
$C: So when you have your head in your phone commenting on reddit & I pull you back from stepping in front of a bus, I'm not saving you? Ok, but I still say if house cleaning does their jobs right my patients have a much higher chance of going home (without complications) & when they slack off or screw up (happens too much, someone already pointed that out), maybe the docs can pull out anti-infection regimen & they are discharged days or weeks later often in a crappy condition or maybe the infection wins. 

Think about all the antibiotic-resistent bacteria we have. They started, mostly, in a hospital setting. That's why for years all antibiotic resistant bacteria were classified as hospital acquired infections. In a generation or two most antibiotics are going to be useless & it will all fall on how well things & places are cleaned.
$C: Clean water is attributed for 75 percent of the increase in life span in the last century. Not knocking doctors but sanitation on average has increased life expectancy much more than modern medicine.
$C: Yeah, no cleaning stuff to do a heart bypass but if they if they don't do their job than the doctors work goes to shit, the guy's wife is immune compromised ends up in the room next door with c.diff and the granddaughter who just found out she's pregnant ends up in the emergency room and loses her baby & Spence 4 days on IV antibiotics and then I mess of Psych therapy afterwards. Not to knock doctors, but their link in the Chain of Infection, which kills tens of thousands, is minor. And very few would ever scrub down a room. Prevention is the way to stay healthy, not some genius badass doctor (& a lot of md's fit that category) saving your life.
$C: You can't even be trusted with a bin though.
$C: Who teaches the people at teacher teacher school?
$C: Teacher teacher-teacher
$C: Those that graduate from the teacher **teaching** teachers school

FTFY 
$C: Police police Police police police police Police police.
$C: Relevant username.
$C: did you find it streaming somewhere?
$C: I wonder if he ever finished his novel...
$C: sounds more like a tragic accident than anything else.
$C: No idea. It was in Netflix for a while too. 
$C: **"I don't care if you're six, climb up that ladder and change that damn light bulb!"**

--Japan
$C: That depends, in a large enough workplace custodial/maintenance may be almost completely compartmentalized from each other. I’m a custodian and at my job the closest thing to maintenance that I do is changing a lightbulb or tightening a screw on a loose toilet seat. Most of my job is disinfecting surfaces, which requires chemical and safety knowledge.
$C: Maintenance and custodial work are sometimes overlapping, but really are separate fields.
$C: As far as I know, if it's simple stuff (replacing lightbulbs, etc.), the teachers do it themselves, and if it's more complex stuff, they have a contractor come out and do it. Basically the same way that it works in peoples' own homes.

I'm sure that there are companies that they have an ongoing maintenance contracts with, but they would be for specific services (maybe a contract with a landscaping company to trim trees, a pool service company to clean up the pool before summer starts, etc.), but there aren't any maintenance folks who work at the school on an ongoing basis. In three years of teaching in a Japanese high school, I never saw a maintenance person, and, asking my kids, they've never seen someone like that in their elementary school.  
  
All that said, while people often praise the Japanese approach (and perhaps it is better from a child development standpoint), one unfortunate result is that Japanese schools are a lot dirtier than American schools -- as would be expected if you got rid of your janitors and replaced them with a bunch of third graders.
$C: usually the teachers handle anything the kids can't do, or hire out
$C: I'm head caretaker at an elementary school. My coordinator and caretakers under me think all I'm supposed to do is clean. The amount of other stuff to do is mind boggling.
$C: At an airport, they are called [GSE](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ground_support_equipment)
$C: And then it's all destroyed again when another soldier/marine/sailor rapes or kills a japanese girl.
$C: Generally, no. While they do have the students in Elementary school do routine safety checks, like to see if the fire alarms work and such, they usually do have maintenance staff on hand for those bigger things. For stuff like light bulbs, the teachers usually change them.
$C: Your parents didn't teach you?
$C: Just spit on it and rub it with your shirt until it sparkles!
$C: Not at the school I worked at. 
$C: I worked at an elementary school there, they did fine and I never saw an adult clean anything. 
$C: Yup
$C: Head custodians make half what they do.  What's more amazing is that in a lot of schools the tech staff makes less then the custodians and they have to go to college. It's all sorts of fucked up
$C: Clearly not going to be an English teacher.
$C: Plot twist: it was just before lunch and everyone agreed to do his job for the rest of the day.
$C: Okay been on Reddit for almost 2 years and this is easily the funniest 3 comment chain I've ever seen.
$C: And high by 4:20
$C: You mean lampin
$C: Real talk, this is the best part about working at a school. Sure there are "the childrens smiles" and "educating the youth" and yada yada, but the best part is being home by 3:30 every day.

And yeah I know a lot of teachers stay late but they don't *have* to. It's just easier than bringing your stuff home with you. Me though, I'm throwing that enormous stack of papers in a briefcase and peacing the fuck out.
$C: Haha. 
$C: Grittin his teeth with the last line
$C: Why he gotta be black doe
$C: Uhhh
$C: Thanks I hate it
$C: There are many methods to tieing a garbage bag. The above poster is basically saying to to create a square with the bag opening and tie two corners together. This will make the bag have 2 knots. When pulling the bag out of the can, these knots allow for a grip so even heavy refuse can be lifted out of the bag without it slipping. I actually do something something similar but I cinch the bag to 1 knot and tuck the knot under the bag. While different, the reasoning is the same. It creates a grip. The custodian in the above comment likely tied the bag after it was removed from the can however I do the opposite. 

The added benefit to tieing the bag is that it holds on to the rim of the can better and avoids the dreaded "bag falling in the can" thing. Also it doesn't look stupid and adds to the aesthetic. 

Source: part time Custodian, though for offices and not schools .
$C: Make a square with the top of the opening of the bag. Take one set of opposing corners and tie a double knot. Then take the other two corners and tie another double knot on top of the original. You can then reach under both knots and pic up said bag.
$C: Normally I would agree, but since I am a mechanical engineer, math has been used, quite a lot actually...
$C: Fantastic story.
$C: This story made me smile.
$C: That is a really great story and I bet you were also a nice kid to develop a friendship like that. 

Thank you for sharing!
$C: Jesus. I love Mr Steve 
$C: I live in DFW. I’ll give him a hug for ya!
$C: Guess I'll throw my story in, at my middle school our janitors name was Mr. Woodies and he was so kind and friendly and I distinctly remember he had an afro that connected to his sideburns and down to a beard in one continuous afro. A bunch of us got him to sign our yearbooks in 8th grade and his handwriting was surprisingly amazing. He signed his first name which was super cool in 8th grade
$C: This is beautiful.  Thank you for sharing.  I'm definitely crying over here... 
$C: >closer to hug grandkids

I choose to believe this was not a typo.
$C: I was waiting for a shittymorph. But this will do. 

$C: Agreed.  Great story.  Thanks for sharing. 
$C: Thank you for this. 
$C: That is truly incredible.
$C: I remember ours, Mr. Dennis. From grades K-4, I was taught in a tiny schoolhouse. His favorite kind of pie was raisin pie, and I remember some kid’s parents baked one for him and brought it in. He was such a sweetheart, and actually knew my mom personally. He was rad
$C: Jimmy Dean was ours and he had a contagious goofy “uh uh uh” laugh and tons of variations of the same joke: “you dropped your pocket, uh uh uh”. Everyone loved him 
$C: Our school custodian in highschool was Diane. She knew literally EVERYONES name. Not easy in a school with 1100 kids. I couldn’t even imagine the horror of that, especially because the school was only supposed to house 800 MAX (lots of lockers halved, shared lockers from grades 8-10, and a ton of portables). By the time you hit grade eleven, almost every student went out of their way to keep things clean. We all knew and loved her. We actively shamed the younger grades for trashing the halls. This one kid drove a dirt bike through the halls and it left awful skid marks. So many people were pissed because we knew that was going to be hard to remove (not to mention insanely dangerous. I had a friend have to dive out of the way). 
$C: I've had a crap night at work, but this story made me so happy. I'm going to be like him.
$C: Oh man, I’m in Dallas. Where’s this dude at? I wanna be his friend
$C: I was convinced that this story was going to end with him asking for about $3.50.  Glad it wasn't one of those - he sounds awesome!
$C: When I was a kid my favorite relative was Uncle Caveman. After school we’d all go play in his cave, and every once in a while he would eat one of us. It wasn’t until later that I found out that Uncle Caveman was a bear. 
$C: I can’t say I didn’t check twice to make sure this wasn’t a u/shittymorph comment
$C: Don’t be sad that it’s over, be happy that it happened
$C: I feel like you meant to say “his grandkids” but “hug grandkids” works just fine, maybe better.
$C: Out of curiosity, was he Mennonite when he was a pilot in WW2?  One of the big tenants of the Mennonite faith is pacifism, so just curious if that impacted his pact of a "life of service".  

Source:  Grew up Mennonite, and my uncles were COs (conscientious objectors) who I believe did farm work for the government instead of actually going to war. 
$C: I thought Mennonites didn’t go to war.
$C: Beautiful story, thanks for sharing.  
$C: This is the best story. I have so many warm fuzzies.
$C: Thanks for being nice to Mr. Steve. 
$C: Aww. You guys! You’re making me wish we had custodians in our schools (Australia). They sound like cool guys. 
$C: Fuck you. I’m crying.
$C: bruh this was such a nice read
$C: You should see if you can find him on Facebook!
$C: Dude where was this elementary school?! I had a Mr. Steve at my elementary outside of Dallas!
$C: Thank you for sharing. Seriously.
$C: ...Until he beat me down with jumper cables...
$C: Thank you.
$C: I want to hug both you and Mr. Steve right now
$C: Interesting about a Mennonite who served in the Military. He’s got to have a lot weighing on him after that.
$C: Did you ever keep in contact? I hope you guys stayed friends. I’m sure you meant something to him 😊
$C: Nice
$C: I didn't expect my first stop today to be on the feels train, but here I definitely am. These stories are great. 
$C: I'm not crying your crying.
Go visit them.
$C: Did you ever notice how he retired when you graduated?
$C: Thanks for sharing.  Really cool memory/story.
$C: Was this in Palm Springs, CA by any chance?
$C: GOLD. I just don't know how.
$C: I don’t think custodians have a responsibility to discipline. That’s probably the big difference. 
$C: Our custodian in elementary school was a Kuwaiti refugee that came to the U.S. shortly after Sadaam invaded. The dude had been a university professor, but he had such a positive attitude about everything that you'd think being an elementary school custodian was his dream job. Literally every kid knew his name (It was easy to remember because it was Naim, which is pronounced the same as 'name'), and it seemed like he knew every kid's name as well. He started a chess club that would meet in the morning before school started, and would help kids in the afterschool program with their homework every afternoon, even though that probably meant he had to stay longer every day to finish up his duties. 

I never had any male teachers in elementary school, but that man was the best male role model I had during those years and influenced me more than any of my teachers did. He was the embodiment of kindness, patience, and humility and the kind of man I aspire to be.
$C: Ehhhh, I don’t think it applies to middle school and high school.
$C: My middle school custodian was my classmates mom. And she was fucking *fine*.

His sister was hot, too. 
$C: My middle school custodian was a goddamn artist, he once drew the millennium falcon on a whiteboard and there it stayed for a couple days until some middle schooler erased the center of it and drew a penis. Middle schoolers can ruin anything.
$C: Most of the custodians I remember were assholes. Even in elementary school, they were at best indifferent. 
$C: It's like the custodian in Breakfast Club (Carl)" Come on Vern, the kids haven't changed, you have! You took a teaching position, 'cause you thought it'd be fun, right? Thought you could have summer vacations off and then you found out it was actually work, and that really bummed you out."

At the beginning of the movie it shows a plaque of Carl and he was 'Man of the Year' when he was attending that high school. I like to think that he had a successful career but got burned out. He took a job with less responsibility but it was more rewarding to him.
$C: my middle school janitor was literally called ‘mr. cool’
$C: Real recognize real... and nobody realer than an elementary school kid.
$C: In college, I lived on a small floor with a bunch of kids that had the same major.

We got to know the custodian pretty well and he seemed like a really great guy, he always was so nice to us and we'd give him cookies or a pop if we saw him working.

Well one day he sat a few of us down to tell us a story and proceeded to explain to us that Obama was the antichrist and if he was elected, the world was going to end. He wasn't speaking metaphorically, he was dead serious.

Things were weird after that.
$C: Can confirm. Ours was Carl
$C: We definitely did not go to the same school. Our janitor went by the name of "Carp". He wore the same green jumpsuit every day and his mom drove him, and would sleep in the parking lot when waiting for him. Rumor was that he cleaned up dead bodies in desert storm. I didnt believe it but he definitely had a screw loose. Cant say I ever heard the guy speak either. Damnit I feel like I got jipped not having a cool janitor. 
$C: Our high school had some shitheads. 

Our main hallway in front of the main office was a large wheelchair assessable ramp for half of it and flat for the next half. Someone out an upside-down box full of marbles on the ramp. When the custodian picked up the box hundreds of marbles rolled down the ramp and went everywhere and you could see the soul being crushed out of his body as he watched the marbles go everywhere (so I was told). 
$C: Makes you wonder what the heck went wrong at Hogwarts
$C: >Its crazy how pretty much every school custodian, whether elementary, middle school, or high school, the guys almost always the coolest staff member on campus. 


Reading these posts make me happy that this is tee case because a lot of times it's a thankless job. And the more I think about it, I remember the custodian at my elementary school from almost 30 years ago. He's the only person I remember his name (Mr. Foote), and he was definitely loved by the students. 
$C: That logic people use that working with kids makes you mean? Probably means that you should not be working with kids. I know I would be a grumpy bitch if I dealt with kids every day, and that is why I don’t.
$C: A girl in my high school got knocked up by a custodian junior year. Quite the scandal!
$C: Yeah, but aren't they also the people with the least to lose? They don't have to get master's degrees like all the teachers do, they don't have to answer to school councils and City districts like the administrators do. They can be happier because their burden is far less. It works out.
$C: Makes sense, he’s probably the guy smoking the most weed...
$C: >Especially when you think they pretty much half of a schools staff are assholes on a power trip always giving the excuse that "If you worked with kids as much as I have, you would be mean too"

I mean, they’re not there to be friends to the kids.
$C: As a kid I thought ‘Testaverde’ was a football term (rather than a football player) because the announcers were constantly screaming his name. 
$C: Thinking back, I cant remember ever having a female custodian, in the US. Did anyone have a female janitor?

Come to think of it, I've never heard of the male equivalent of a lunch lady either... And we never had male nurses,  I only ever had one male art teacher but tons of male science/math teachers. Is it still this way? 
$C: Don't know why but I'm so proud of myself for reading the person's name correctly then seeing the pronunciation as I thought it was.
$C: Maybe he just let you pronounce it Jardeen but it's actually Jardine.
$C: My garbage "men" are actually two older ladies. Them picking up my trash is actually the high light of my 5 year olds week. They let him work the levers to make the Packer and garbage can lift go. My dog gets more excited to see them than she does me. They always have a couple milk bones for her. They're good people. We always get them a Christmas card and gift cards to the local chain of gas stations around here for Christmas. 
$C: Amazing how little gestures can make such a big impression on little kids when they are young. 
$C: I had a Raul. Big teddy bear!
$C: I had a Mrs. Love janitor in elementary!  Are you in Ohio by chance? 
$C: VoBan. Puke fairy dust lol. I'm not sure why that name is stuck in my head
$C: Same for my junior high custodian. He was just so mean
$C: Yeah Filch was a right tool
$C: True. We had no clue that they were looking for bank robbers though. We just thought that they wanted to ticket us, which had happened many times before. It was pretty much just standard protocol to book it whenever the cops showed up at a spot we were skating if we saw them from far enough away. Most times they would be cool and just ask us to leave. But the fact that the custodian specifically said they were waiting to ticket us inspired a "fuck that" mentality.
$C: Hahaha wow that's awesome. Makes me wonder if this is a somewhat common occurrence. 
$C: ;)
$C: Except that there were cops waiting in front. We could see them. There's a way longer story about how we got out and it involves sneaking past some squad cars on our way back to my friends house, but I didn't want to type the whole thing out in that comment. 

Basically, what we found out is that there was a bank robbery that same night down the street from the school. So there were a shitload of cops in the area and we put two and two together and figured they might have thought we were the suspects hiding out in the school or something. It was a pretty crazy night and him telling us to leave is kinda just the beginning of the story, but yeah. He let us skate plenty of times after that. He didn't give a fuck. 
$C: I'm sure that the custodian would totally agree that you need to be there for your mom right now. His/her life is over, your mom is still here right now. I'm really sorry to hear that she's in hospice, I'm sure she appreciates the care you're giving her.
$C: Nope, Wisconsin.
$C: Guarantee AL touched one of his pals.
$C: Hahaha! You shut your mouth! 
$C: Leave it to reddit
$C: I heard there was a treatment to have him be the focus of National Treasure 3, but Nic Cage was too busy for the project. 
$C: Absolute unit
$C: Take out a bag of trash, clean up tables after lunch, picking up trash stuff like that
$C: oh yeah, in 5th grade we also could be crossing guards, and at the end of the school year those that were crossing guards and did all the work you are suppose to and no late marks and such, they would take them to Wild Waves are a treat.  They stopped doing that when I was a crossing guard and I think after heading to middle school that was the last year they said they would do that because of budget cuts, but thats a total assumption on my part. 
$C: You're absolutely welcome and the same to you. Your comment brought back some good memories which are something I have few of. 
$C: Oops!!!
$C: Honestly, a bad teacher might not influence a child as heavily as a parent, but they still influence them a ton. They can teach tolerance or judgment. I've had teachers who even when I was young I knew were lazy. The teachers who have it out for a child in their class and make no bones about displaying their animosity in front of the kid's peers... Don't they understand the impression that makes?

I still remember my great teachers. I'd like to think I followed the career path I did because the teachers who taught those subjects made them engaging and interesting. The teachers that made learning feel like a chore made those subjects harder to learn on a core level. If they aren't happy teaching this subject, it must be something wrong with that subject... Stay away from it. 
$C: Karens beget Karens
$C: They won't understand why though. 
$C: I was raised like that and I like to think I turned out differently than my parents. I did university but I just want my kid to be happy in whatever career. Our neighbour drives those big garbage trucks (for industrial waste) and sometimes he parks his truck in our street, my son always gets to sit in it and we talk about how cool it is. My neighbour looooves his job. When the regular garbage truck comes around and we're home we often go and watch, I explain what they're doing with out garbage and how great it is that they're making everything clean for us. The guys usually melt when they see a toddler waving at them hehe.

I don't know ... everyone just wants to be happy, make a living, be respected and appreciated, right? Academics can be total asses, people without formal schooling can be the kindest you'll ever meet. And hell, I still don't know what I want to be when I grow up :P

My parents can be so ... sour. Wrapped up in their own bubble, very judgemental. Meh. 
$C: Actually, the worst part is they will probably continue to be successful and privileged living with a far higher quality of life then those on low income.  
$C: Their mother is shitty, but I feel bad for the kids. They have no choice but to grow up that way because they were raised that way. They'll become shitty adults, but it's like watching a car crash in slow motion that you can't stop.
$C: that's not always true. I know some people who were taught that as a kid and they turned out fine. I think a lot of people try to better themselves in order to avoid less desirable occupations.
$C: Anyone in the service industry deserves the most respect because they make the world work. You can't get coffee or have a clean office or have your car fixed without the service industry and people who talk down to those workers and treat them like shit are the worst kind of people.
$C: Our sanitation services shut down in the city once due to a strike. Nobody I know has ever disrespected a sanitation worker since. Trash isn't pretty and someone has to move it out of sight. If people just focused on being happier instead of making others miserable, the world would be better. 
$C: True what if everyone worked in high paying jobs who would work as custodians in schools or serve us food in restaurants ?
$C: Well said lol
$C: Ooooo that makes my face red :( I'm sorry that happened.
$C: I have another one. Similar to this. Lol, I had one old guy tell me only kids should be on their knees and that I'm an adult and should be ashamed. I told him I do what I have to do to put food on my table. Him and his wife walked off without a word. 
$C: I had a lady asking me about my life and trying to ask me stuff like "are you doing something else too? What is it?" etc etc. I wasnt even at work yet holy fuck, she just came and sat next to me on the bus ride to work being super nosy, i kind of yelled NO! And she soon moved to a different seat. 
$C: ♡
$C: What a fucking idiot. It amazes me how stupid "educated" people can be. 
$C: What a piece of shit. ♡
$C: He didnt *have* to resign, he was just saying that drew the line for him so he left what became a toxic environment. 
$C: Fucking *this!* We're really just bringing in more division among ourselves, making it easier for The Man to have control over us.
$C: He apologized after he knew the custodian was actually a business owner who made more money than him. Not sure if he was actually sorry or he was just "sorry I thought you were a shitty custodian". 
$C: It depends on the state. In my state the average teacher Salary is about $55k. Unfortunately this doesn't mean most actually make a lot. It's due to a system that's education level based instead of merit based. So there are a few teachers that spend tons of time racking up degree work to bump up their pay and end up making a lot of money. While the ones with huge classrooms have little to no time to do the same. We had a counselor that literally drove to school in a Delorean. He also had a Porsche, but for some reason the Delorean just stood out as excess to me. 
$C: I live in a neighborhood full of retired and current teachers (I’m near a middle and elementary school and 3 minutes away from the high school). I’m surrounded by new cars, nice houses, a few boats, and people who have lawn services come in to take care of their stuff.

I know people will say blablabla credit, but you have to have the income to make a bank believe you will pay them back in order to get loans for all of that stuff.
$C: It isn't true, actually. Most teachers make 40k-50k, and many make more than that. Hardly shit. Not to mention having summers off.

&#x200B;

It's an important job, but it's far from unrewarding. 
$C: Do they work year round? Is that the difference or are they just making more per hour?
$C: It's not uncommon.
$C: I've worked in schools for over a decade. The head custodian perhaps makes more than a brand new teacher, but in general custodial staff makes far less than teachers. 
$C: hmm still waiting for that to happen
$C: Bout to fucking SMEAC that teacher
$C: Agreed. You would think it would be a basic aspect. People can naturally be terrible to each other. 
$C: Glad to hear it! 
$C: Hey now. I apologize for the misunderstanding, but I was trying to communicate "working at a place that isn't as soul sucking as you once had to". 
$C: He certainly did for me. I hope I get to bump into him one day.
$C: Hell, he's probably a big-time trashketball pro by now
$C: Gonna drop a comment here... Juuust in case it is.
$C: Haha! Thanks for introducing me to that :)
$C: Lord i hope this is it. 
$C: Oh boy don't you be lying to me right now
$C: Oh man same here
$C: felt that one inside, it was heavy
$C: Stop karma whoring
$C: Same here.  Either detention, or they'd just lower my grade in P.E. for "not participating" in class.

I would still participate, just didn't want to change in front of other kids.  My bad, damn. (I'm still salty lol)
$C: I used to run and change quickly in the locker room bathroom stall.  Sometimes I’d be a little late getting outside but the teachers never seemed to mind that I changed like that.  
$C: Username checks out :-(
$C: Only *middle school* guys? :p
$C: Yo Kevin!  Thanks bud!
$C: Hey Kevin, thanks a lot man I appreciate ya
$C: r/FuckKevin
$C: All we know for certain is that someone is gonna get tied to a radiator.
$C: WKYK!
$C: Kevin please you’re breaking my heart 💔
$C: Exactly! Keep up the good work! I watched that video but I also don't have the link xD
$C: Alright Kevin, your secret is safe with me.
$C: Dude.. I was literally paid to sharpen pencils with an electric pencil sharpener one summer. The job title was “pencil sharpener”. The only required experience was “sharpening pencils”. I thought maybe there would be more to it. Nope. Just sharpen pencils. I didn’t even need to empty the pencil sharpener because there was another kid with the job title “pencil sharpener emptier”. 

That was a menial job. It paid $8 an hour so I wasn’t complaining though.
$C: Trust me, there are menial jobs. Menial things need to get done. If we want to be wholesome, we can say there are no menial people. 
$C: > menial

(of work) not requiring much skill and lacking prestige.
$C: As part of working my way through college, I spent six months scrubbing chili pots at a chili parlor from 7pm-2am.  Fridays and Saturdays every week.

So yeah I totally disagree with you.  If only I'd been into marijuana back then
$C: Eeeeeeehhhh
$C: ^ spoken by someone who has never flattened boxes for seven hours.
$C: Have you ever met a furniture sales person?  My brother in-law is a (successful, as in six figure income) sales rep for a very large company, and seven out of his eight hour shift is quit literally sitting on a sofa watching ESPN, the other hour is trying to make sure people don't copy inventory numbers off tags and order off of Amazon. 
$C: Eric Trump begs to differ.
$C: That's gonna be a no for me, dawg
$C: *eyeroll*
$C: It's odd how we stigmatize certain jobs because the most looked down upon jobs are usually the most difficult and necessary jobs. 
$C: One of the dumbest comments I've seen in a while, to be honest.
$C: I clean cum of walls and hand out change. You could be so stupid you sometimes forget how to breathe and you would be able to do my job. 
$C: you aren't being positive you're just being naive 
$C: That is not true at all...
$C: Unexpected Scrubs.
$C: Well that depends if there's an actual reason for what they did. For example security clearance or something like that. 
$C: Eh, it is still child labor. 
$C: Yep I don’t blame them looking back, they probably had no choice after somebody else reported it. The thing that gets me is the person who reported it was probably just another janitor at a different building on the complex 
$C: If the kids are underage, that's a huge problem that someone could be liable for, especially if there's an accident on the job.  Even if they're not underage, employers have insurance to cover workplace accidents that don't cover random people showing up to do work.  That deserves a warning, not a firing, but you can't have that going on.
$C: Hmm a native speaker wouldn’t say it like that. It’d be: “estoy bien, y tu?”
$C: Hi
$C: My phone capitalizes it for whatever reason. I don't feel like fighting it. I think the point still got across.
$C: My mom was a school custodian for 20 years. Union job. She was making more than a lot of the teachers.
$C: My next door neighbor has been on the custodial staff for our local high school for 3+ years. He makes $12/hr.

He enjoys the job though. Says it's low stress and such.
$C: The guy above me was talking about an office place not a school or university. Not sure on that side I was working as a contractor through another company. Normally if you are hired direct instead of working for a company that works off contracts you are paid better. 
$C: I had to do community service at my university once for the custodial services and the dude I was working under was hard to understand (Boone, NC), but from what I could make out he used to work at a lumber mill but left to become a janitor because it payed better and was wayyyy safer. Also they get students with drinking tickets to do half their work. Cool guy.
$C: I mean it’s not a big deal and everyone has their role. But I work for a huge company that generally looks down on people like that(old school high class South American mentalities) and since I am in a service role too I try to help out my fellow coworkers. 
$C: fuck off nobody asked you
$C: As a commercial cleaner, I've honestly suspected some messes are made almost intentionally, because they're in locations that simply make no sense, and defy the laws of physics unless the human being is oriented in a way that... well, let's just say I hope they weren't possessed by a demon. 
$C: >So much of the time spent cleaning would have been eliminated if people just did the simplest things

You have no idea how infuriating it is when I would see so much medical trash on the floor NEXT TO the trash cans of the clinics I cleaned. The nurses just did not care one bit. The trash cans would barely be full either. I once going a ball of hair next to a trash can. A BALL.
$C: Thank you :)

I'm doing a lot better now than I ever imagined. Am very proud but humble.... little penny pincher due to my past but that's a good thing Thanks :)
$C: Are you an EVS? If so, hats off to you. I completely understand that. We recently pulled out of all our hospital  contracts for insurance/liability reasons. Reduced all healthcare related contracts to mid-tier clinics and out-patient surgery centers. I have a few I manage myself, and it’s something I genuinely am afraid of doing. One miss-wiped surface can cost someone their life from infection(s).

Sadly a lot of people expect cleaning/janitorial to be a perfect process — and it’s soooo far from that. 
$C: Exactly
$C: Language is swiftly devolving into nonsense.
$C: People who blame immigrants for everything, is sad as hell because you see it a lot where I am at
$C: No it’s full garbage cans that they empty and reuse. Never has just a yogurt lid in it.
$C: We love you too.
$C: No, no.  From those we care about.
$C: This may seem really weird but thank you, i really needed that right now
$C: I love seeing this one Reddit 
$C: Ok but [I'mma need you to stop posting everywhere](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/7g248r/what_was_your_15_seconds_of_fame_what_was_it_like/dqg1jng/) 
$C: I LOVE YOU AS WELL, FELLOW HUMAN.
$C: Now kiss
$C: And I love *you*, random citizen!
$C: I love you too
$C: \*r/politics walks in*

"Except you. Too much fighting." 
$C: This made my eyes water. May you have a wonderful day/evening/night. Much love.
$C: Anyone know where this is? This guy needs a shot in life. If crowdfund the shit out of something that helps this guy. 

Edit: stay classy Reddit, getting downvotes for wanting to help someone out
$C: [deleted]
$C: I think so, I don't know for sure and I've been wondering the same. So if its real, is it now Reddit bRonZe?
$C: its an award
$C: >😭😭😭🤧
  
delete this fam
$C: The onions are out of control today.
$C: Bill and Ted's Excellent Updoot
$C: if you have never seen Bill and Teds excellent adventure i envy you dude ... how I would love to watch that for the first time again.

you must watch this and if by chance you partake in the green do it high as fuck 
$C: He only works at the school to continually face his fear on a daily basis and own that shit. 

Today, it owned him for a minute. 
$C: This is officially the story in my head.
$C: *People don’t forgeeet* 
$C: *People don’t forgeeet* 
$C: *People don’t forgeeet* 
$C: Yes, he peed his pants in gym class as a kid. The memories of being bullied and years of counselling overwhelmed him.
$C: I didnt need to see it but i know everyone in that room slapped him some skin
$C: Look at that kid with the Batman shirt. Super pumped. Even goes in for seconds.
$C: Most got a second pass, too!
$C: yeah you can tell they love the guy
$C: There's a billion ways to be a hero to kids. Seriously look into joining Boys and Girls Club or 4H or any of the numerous volunteer groups in your area. It's a great feeling.

I didn't realize until I started teaching just how bad so many kids have it in their home life. Really horrible circumstances. 
$C: Just be a janitor, duh
$C: You can be my friend!  You dont need to be a super rich person/athlete/celebrity to make a child smile.  There's so many ways to give to children.  Volunteering at places like the YMCA, child protection centers or even with the scouts.  Children are not adults, they are easily pleased and can find joy in many things.

Hell, even seeing a child behind you in line with their parent, just sneak the question in to see if it's okay for their child to have a little candy or gum that's in the checkout line, their like 1.50 or so, or even less. Buy it, turn around and make it special.  To them, it seems like Cam Newton just gave them a game winning football.  

Did this for a child one time that was crying for a stuffed animal.  Did not want to make the parents look bad, so I asked if it's okay that I buy it for him because I would like to do that and their face lit up.  Then when the boy realized what just happened, it was immediate warmth in my heart.  I will never forget that.
$C: You don’t have to be a pro athlete to be that guy. That guys the janitor.
$C: Be a big brother. The take you to the zoo kind, not 2+2=5
$C: You should try becoming a custodian
$C: Same. I don’t know if you’re an Elvis Presley fan but he used to do stuff like that for people all the time, just because. 
$C: ☹️
$C: Why am I like this                                                                                                           

^(/s)
$C: I, too, shed a lil tear knowing full well it was gonna happen before I clicked on the link. What a lovely moment. 
$C: I’m not crying you’re crying..
$C: Who is cutting those onions???!
$C: *body goes limp* 
$C: We all crying.
$C: You can use the gifts we got you, more cleaning supplies
$C: LoL damn. That made me actually laugh out loud.
$C: https://youtu.be/DHHKU4znvo8

Thaaanks!
$C: I've had to take care of an incontinent dog for the past 2 years (who has also vomited more than a couple of times) and yeah, with proper cleaning equipment you realize *really* quickly that cleaning up piss/shit isn't a big deal when you have to do it nearly every day. It's not like you have to clean it with your bare hands.
$C: I cleaned college dormitory bathrooms for my weekend job and can second this. That said, certain drunk/hungover pukers were a lot messier than others. One guy managed to cover all 4 walls of the inside of a bathroom stall. This was in the days of Four Loko. 
$C: I have worked in elder Care and in a vet and you just get used to it immediately. Especially when you're cleaning up after someone who might feel embarrassed- it just makes it no big deal. 
$C: That's why I clean my kitchen and tidy my living room/bathroom every day. Takes a few minutes and is habit. Can do it while talking on the phone, listening to music, or watching a show. Way easier than a massive deep clean every month or w/e 
$C: When we were just out of college, I helped my wife at a sleepover at her school where a kid threw up.  One of the older teachers said "I have kids.  I'm used to this.  I'll clean it up," and I remember looking at him like he had superpowers.

&#x200B;

Now, 11 years and 3 kids in, that kind of thing barely fazes me.
$C: I really enjoy using the term pukepile to insult people. It’s a good one depending on context.
$C: Or username should you ever move apartments 
$C: Glad to be of service, Captain. 
$C: Nah mate you've got it all wrong. He's asking that so he can plan ahead. He's a custodian at an elementary school. Piss and shit and puke is called a Tuesday. He's got shit to do (and clean) and is just trying to get an idea how long this is gonna take. Probably because he is good at his job.
$C: This is such a cruel comment but I can't stop laughing 
$C: Also can confirm. Am crying. 
$C: Can confirm: You're crying
$C: Me too! 
$C: That's awesome of you guys
$C: Happy cake day!:)
$C: Happy cake day!
$C: Happy Cake Day! 
P.s. I was here first.
$C: Happy cake day!
$C: Happy cake day! 🎂🎉
$C: Happy fuck day
$C: janitors would be paid a lot in a society that paid everyone a living wage. near the top. how so? 

no one wants to be a janitor so the only way to entice people to work as a janitor would be to make the wages of a janitor extremely high. which is great, imo.
$C: I hated the guys at lunch during high school who would leave their tray on the table and say the janitor would get it
$C: Yo there was a thread from a sub I can’t remember where the guy asked his buddy for poop knife. Long story short, he thought everybody had a knife to cut up turds that didn’t flush. Somebody please link me to that thread, it had me in tears. 
$C: Just use a fork from the Special Ed department and wash it with warm water.
$C: No I’m saying go more extreme. Peeing on the floor isn’t that bad. Poop in an electrical socket, a 12 person pool of vomit. Those are waaaaaay worse. 

Instead of making him expect a kinda shitty situation, make him anticipate fucking hell. Then that “Supwise!!” from the kids is so much better. 
$C: k bye
$C: It was more the hug goodbye, but this still made me cry. Thanks for that
$C: That ending hurt me more as an adult than a kid, prepare the tissues.(I’m 18 not really an adult but still)
$C: Pal**
$C: I'd hon honestly expet more Redditors to know Death Grips than any mainstream artist who had become one of the biggest names in music in the past 6 months. 
$C: EDIT THANKS FOR THE GOLD 

ORANGE MAN BAD

IM NOT CRYING YOUR CRYING

ONION CHOPPERS

CHEETO HITLER

YEA SOCIALISM WOO HOO

 HALF OF AMERICAN CITIZENS ARE NAZIS NOW

*long chain of comments that slightly change the one before it, spamming an important or interesting topic for upvotes*

*comments making an extremely forced lame joke about a minor typo, completely sidestepping someones 2 paragraph long comment*

Reddit is getting worse and worse, its just a bunch of NPCs here now lmao
$C: r/expectedunexpectedFMA
$C: Well I think they call them janitors or custodians because sweeper makes them sound like someone who just sweeps. Yes, cleaning is a major part of their jobs. But often times they’re also handymen/jack of all trades. 
$C: I guess so. Custodian and janitor are used interchangeably pretty often at my school. The exact usage is probably dependent on the user - custodian being a more official term.
$C: Ugh, that stinks. 
$C: Happy to help. Keep an eye out for the drop-bears. 😬.   
$C: Happy crying or not-so-happy crying, basically
$C: Yeah, it’s pretty hard to see at first. 
$C: You pick weird things to stress over
$C: How is that edgy?
$C: What does this have to do with Trump in the slightest?
$C: Re-read this to yourself later. It says a lot about you. 
$C: Something along the lines of "why do we need religions or government with humanity like this?"
$C: Theres that damn millennial word again
$C: well he is the master of the custodial arts
$C: Same! And I have heard lots of good things. For example:

* Was a few people's favorite janitor
* Always made everyone smile
* would help with homework in the cafeteria
* came out to basketball games
* interacted with parents
* was a star
$C: IT
$C: Yea that was harsh but people like that hardly ever change. They don't have to. He was in his 40s. His mind was made up. It just bugs me when people think that less glamorous jobs are less important. All this while instilling his great philosophy into his already in trouble kid. 
$C: Even without, no shame. It's an important job. None of us would be comfortable in most places without them. 
$C: I distinctly remember a mom justifying her daughter's actions with "She didn't learn to steal lunches at home, so it's not my problem." 
$C: Nice. I’m overdue for a rewatch. My bro is a custodian and we always talk about the different ones depicted. 

He loves this guy and the dude from Joe Dirt. 
$C: our high school it was the "security" guards
$C: Home school eh /
$C: At my school, it was the lunch tray lady. She was old, like easily 80+ and worked 3 days a week collecting trays and bringing them to the dishwasher. Sometimes they’d fall off the rolling cart she used to push them and kids would jump up to help her.  

She always wore BRIGHT ASS pink lipstick and she was so friendly. 
$C: that sounds unsanitary af
$C: Taste test approved! 
$C: In fairness, to make the story less depressing, he died years after I was a student but still while in the employ of the school (he'd worked there his entire life). He was just such a phenomenally great guy that a bunch of us flew home for his funeral. He didn't die in a tragic accident at school or anything, but from a congenital disorder that should have made his life much shorter but he lived well into his 60s. 
$C: My sorting algorithm was cookies.
$C: I work IT in a school as well, a lady gave me a 5lb bag of peanut M&Ms once as a thank you. She gets a new computer every year now. 
$C: I'm in IT and I have yet to be given a donut. Servers are going down tomorrow until my demands are met. 
$C: Really any kind of food will do.. the smart teachers always had good snacks for us IT people... they got their shit fixed quickly.. douche bag gym teacher can suck a dick.  I'll fix your printer whenever the hell I feel like it. 
$C: People were "in" if they had hot pockets

&#x200B;
$C: IT intern here. Yelling at me about how I am incompetant because we can't give you a class list ain't gonna net you any points with me. Suddenly my ticketing system just "magically remembers" to sort their requests to lowest priority. *Imagine that.*

Made friends with the facilities guys by baking cookies for them. They let me have first pick of any anything being "replaced" in terms of computers and racks. I got an entire set of great hardware sans motherboard, disks and video card for free.

I made tarts for the caretakers. My desk is spotless every day while my coworkers bins are disgusting.

They're all great people.
$C: I will prioritize my day around clients I like. 
$C: As a government employee, it's not uncommon for various supervisors to ignore some late days because donuts came in with me.
$C: CAN. CONFIRM.

And if they're a total asshole?

To the back of the queue you go!

Just act like a decent person? I will help you soon as I can.

Food AND you don't blame me for shit out of my control? Suddenly you're at the front of the queue.
$C: mine is thank you emails in response to tickets 
$C: Yep, if you're Payroll or HR you get my full attention. Slightly below would be Procurement. 

Rest of y'all can go f yourselves.
$C: In theatre, as an actor, you make fast friends with wardrobe and tech. If you're an ass, your waistline might mysteriously be down a couple inches and the spotlight just might not be on you at the right time. Always be nice to people. Especially the ones that can make your job easier or harder. 
$C: Found the doughnut routing protocol with an administrative distance of 0. All other people get the slow route. 
$C: As a Lead Developer at the Software Company I work at, my clients get attention based on friendliness and kindness. If you are respectful and nice, your shit gets done first and I can probably save you a couple hundred dollars. 

If you’re a dick your shit gets done on the last day of the estimate, and you get charged full market price for everything that was done, down to the decimal. I don’t appreciate being talked down to. 
$C: definitely traded phone calls for some guys in supply a few times... 
$C: I stopped by my IT guys desk at least once a week to talk about his pc gaming rig. Sometimes bring him coffee. If my computer has the smallest issue he was on it in 2minutes regardless of other tasked. Love that dude.
$C: What kind of doughnuts do you prefer?
$C: Can you explain to me why the fuck the IT guy at the place I clean leaves a full to the brim glass of water on his desk for me to clean everytime I clean their office?
$C: OMG IT is like internet custodian 
$C: Can confirm. We have a director of physical security that drops off baked goods often. We respond to all of her tickets as an ASAP. 
$C: As an IT person who likes doing IT it makes my job easier if you're easy to work with and don't give me a hard time.  Nice is a bonus.  These traits make me more likely to go above the call of duty for you.  Typing this out I realize it's common sense, but people don't understand or forget.
$C: Hell just being nice and courteous will get you priority with me. So many people are miserable when they have even the slightest inconvenience working with computers.
$C: Also an IT professional. It’s not uncommon for me to sort tickets based on who was an asshole to me last time I was there. 
$C: When I started as a help desk tech I always helped the nicer people first.

If you're a jackass, you get the letter of the law. I will put in a ticket and let it languish until the SLA is *almost* breached before I act on it.

If you were nice, I would put in the ticket, get up, go find you and help you out immediately.

I may have been a peon but I did have influence and power by proxy.
$C: LOL 
$C: I, an IT professional can second this statement. Also, your name gives me nightmares...
$C: As an IT professional, it's based on who has a history of sending informative trouble tickets with decent subject lines, a useful, honest description of how urgent the problem is, and when/where they will be available. Also based on who treats me as a co-worker and human being, not The Help.

 I could give a fuck about a two dollar donut if the person is an asshole, sends "I need help with my files" as a trouble ticket, and constantly demands everything be done within half an hour with no business-need-driven reason.
$C: "Oh, it's okay. You don't have to rush. I know you're busy."

Guess who just jumped to the front of the queue?
$C: Former high level admin, a donut might help me decide which two equally important submissions get sent first.
$C: As a it servicedesk employee. J do confirm
$C: That sounds like the opposite of professional if that's your actual approach. 
$C: When I worked in IT, I was just grateful for the occasional nice person.
$C: Picking up donuts for IT this morning 
$C: Can confirm. This guy ITs.
$C: Even a "thank you" gets you bonus.
$C: I laughed too hard at that
$C: mine is thank you emails in response to tickets 
$C: I always sort priority based on best cleavage.
$C: Get a lil extra on your scoop at chow. Get your paperwork approved/fixed faster. Things like that. Networking! 
$C: Eat
$C: Trips to an oasis while in Iraq, trips to local villages, getting to do the off road training course with the HMMWVs, rides in a helicopter a few different times, pizza and beer delivered in the middle of the desert, and many others.
$C: Kill Bin Laden.
$C: Stryker and IT? I should have joined the Army.
$C: For me it was about never having to pull any details down range. Need a call home to check on your pregnant wife during a comms blackout? Well I need more than 6 hours of sleep tonight. Need an extra phone line ran into your barracks building? Well I need to not sweat my ass off guarding the gym.
$C: LPT: Make friends with everyone
$C: My dad was some sort of training manager for USAF aircraft maintenance while he was in!
$C: Not to mention a quick sober up if you tied one on before movement to FTX. 
$C: Oh you're demanding I do a hearing test during my admin hours? Come on back and hopefully I don't forget about your ass for 30 minutes or so.
$C: Naw, of course not.  I loved every Corpsman I ever had so I never had to make a point to keep up relationships with them!
$C: I always try to tell the servers to compliment the chefs or tell them personally if they have an open kitchen, because more often than not, work is their out. Of course the server is usually in the same boat xD
$C: This too. A great secretary can make the difference from having a staff that stays to having a revolving door
$C: If you had to choose who to be the nicest to, would it be the caretakers, secretaries, or IT?

As someone who works in a school, my order would be caretakers #1, IT #2, then secretaries.

Every school has a grumpy secretary :D
$C: I work as a sub. Being friendly with the office ladies/guys is a must. I try to bring flowers or little treats. On the flip side, if the office doesn't feel like a friendly place, I'm much more likely to give jobs at that school a pass. 
$C: Plus, having friends is cool
$C: I think he meant aloha
$C: It’s a power move. Look them dead in the eyes at 5pm and say “Good morning” and no one will bother you or question your actions... ever.
$C: Overtime. RIP. 
$C: It’s how I’ve coasted!!!
$C: This goes all the way down the ladder my man
$C: Mostest best grammar for sure.
$C: big if true
$C: Without them the everything don't run correct.
$C: You might need to go back to teacher school.
$C: No it don’t 
$C: I think it’s better as

>Without them nothing *would* run.

Engineers make things run, Maintenance *keeps* them running.
$C: Ok. I’m just going to say it. Why the fuck is it always Americans. If ALL the custodians in the world quit then ALL first world countries will look like shit. No one cares until it’s piled up in front of them. 
$C: Americans don't shit in the streets or on their beaches.
$C: While I get your point, I'm sorry but this just isn't true in regards to places like India. There's a whole culture there of uncleanliness and dirty habits that the people still blindly follow.

I could never figure out why people *still* shit in the streets and ditches(in their own neighborhood!) even in places that have some sort of bathroom available, even if it's spartan.
$C: Cut off my legs and I'd have no legs. If america wasn't america then it wouldn't be america. No. Fucking. Shit.
$C: They should be paid more than doctors honestly. As can be seen in this thread, they undeniably help more people and are more important to the hospital's function
$C: >So when you have your head in your phone commenting on reddit & I pull you back from stepping in front of a bus, I'm not saving you?

Not the same at all. People are in hospital because they are already unwell, and you prevent spread of that. You didn't save the rest of the hospital from infection, you've prevented the spread. Only person that needs saving in this case is the patient who is still sick so you haven't saved the patient either.

An equivalent scenario is if I was already hit by a bus and then you came and saved me by administering first aid.

> Ok, but I still say if house cleaning does their jobs right my patients have a much higher chance of going home (without complications) & when they slack off or screw up (happens too much, someone already pointed that out), maybe the docs can pull out anti-infection regimen & they are discharged days or weeks later often in a crappy condition or maybe the infection wins. 

If everyone does their jobs right then yes patient goes home happy. House cleaning needs to keep a hygienic environment, nurses need to carry out procedures, doctors need to diagnose correctly and monitor patient health. It's not just based on one group.

Please don't misunderstand, I am not saying nurses and housekeeping staff are insignificant or whatever at all. I respect them and the good work they do. However, I disagree with your statement that house cleaning saves more lives. They prevent further life loss, but a majority of people don't go to the hospital to look for a nurse.

>Think about all the antibiotic-resistent bacteria we have. They started, mostly, in a hospital setting. That's why for years all antibiotic resistant bacteria were classified as hospital acquired infections. In a generation or two most antibiotics are going to be useless & it will all fall on how well things & places are cleaned.

I feel this is misleading. If all the sick and infested people gather in one place, of course the people working there have much higher chances of catching it.

Also a majority of antibiotic consumption is from livestock, figures of 80-90%.  Farming practices use antibiotics in the feed, which we then eat and take into our system. The antibiotics also end up in the livestock feces where bacterial can then obtain resistance. This is a greater source of resistance than humans (although that doesn't mean we should do nothing about our own consumption). 
$C: And much of modern medicine is impossible or impractical without sanitation.
$C: Who discovered that clean water and clean equipment reduces infections again...? Oh... Modern medicine.
$C: >Not to knock doctors, but their link in the Chain of Infection, which kills tens of thousands, is minor. And very few would ever scrub down a room.

*Because they have custodial staff.* Again, if they didn't, they'd do those things themselves - they'd have to. Without doctors all those people would be dead. Without custodial staff, the medics would just do the cleaning on their own. It would slow their work, not stop it. Again, custodial staff are essential members of the organisation but to imply they're more valuable than doctors or nurses is silly.
$C: 100% Not only that, but we custodians are often required to be first level respondents to medical emergencies. I can't tell you how many times I've had to do first aid, call ems, or administer naloxone, or talk to someone who was suicidal. I work at a drug rehab and we have a doctor, and you know what they do? Write prescriptions, maybe talk to them once a week, and then goes home.   


Doctors don't have to deal with their patients in the same way other staff do, and honestly it is the custodians and nurses that do majority of the busy work. Doctors only show up when they have to, then fuck off into the ether.   
$C: It's teachers all the way down.
$C: Those who graduate from Teachers Teach Teacher Teachers to Teach school.
$C: Amazon Prime iirc
$C: [deleted]
$C: Little hands can get broken glass out of sockets easier.
$C: How many Japanese children does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
$C: Probably depends on the American schools you went to. I don’t think mine were any cleaner than the Japanese ones I taught at.
$C: Uhh... did you reply to the wrong comment?
$C: I think that’s why we were doing it in the first place. 
$C: Context? 
$C: once I moved out I realized there was a lot more things that needed to be cleaned
$C: Forgot about the IT staff. My brother has worked IT for a local school district for close to ten years now, and he *finally* makes something comparable to what I was making a year out of high school with no further education.

The custodial staff at my job was making more than my brother was working for the school. 
$C: Clearly written by someone who likes to put a negative spin on a positive story 
$C: Plot twist to the plot twist: Kids learn to pick up after themselves and he no longer has a job. 
$C: I love happy plot twists! 
$C: That's even worse. Some schools in my district have a "maintenance man day" where parents come and help out and while the guys appreciate the effort, it ends up being more work for them than a regular day.
$C: Plot Twist: School realise how practical this is and adopt the model used in Japan where the students clean the school. Now this guy is unemployed..
$C: Directed by M Night Shamalamayn
$C: Leave him alone dude, he's crankin.
$C: Sorry, english isn’t my first language. Why that reaction? As I know the word, it would make sense.
$C: Here you are writing a thesis on garbage bag knots and here I am reading it. 
$C: OC explained:

>Make a square with the top of the opening of the bag. Take one set of opposing corners and tie a double knot. Then take the other two corners and tie another double knot on top of the original. You can then reach under both knots and pic up said bag.
$C: You should make a YouTube video.  Not kidding!  I would watch it.
$C: Thank you!
$C: I stand corrected.
$C: I wish Story Corps would steal some of these ideas. I would totally listen to a Story Corps about grade school janitors.
$C: In elementary school our old lady custodian / lunch lady aid used "play a trick on us" by coming up behind us and draping the cold, wet, dirty rag she used to wipe the tables down with on the back of our necks, fresh out of the ice bucket she kept it in so it was EXTRA COLD (as she said so raspy-like).

She used to laugh and cackle her fucking ass off at us. [This little 5'2" Italian grandma named Mildred.](https://i.imgur.com/DfODZhB.jpg) She was very nice to us from what I remember but I also remember that we all knew, even at 6-7 years old, that that rag was fucking disgusting. Some kids used to get really upset and yell at her and even cry and she'd just laugh and laugh. It was nearly impossible to get any sort of retribution. It was like she was too old and too cute of an old lady to even be implicated for anything.

Also, Mildred has got to be one of the strangest females names I've ever heard and I've never met another one since nor even heard of one -- does anyone know any Mildreds from their lifetime? I had to look it up to make sure she wasn't one of those kids whose parents wished they had a boy but sure enough:

> Mildred is a female given name. It is an Anglo-Saxon name of Old English origin, and its meaning is "gentle strength".

I find that name sort of ironic... but yeah, sorry to blow up your spot, Mildred, but you were old as shit back then and I'm sad to say you may not be with us any longer. Sorry to air out your dirty rag laundry but that rag was cold and I was the recipient of your tricks many o' times...
$C: Fantastic man.
$C: Happy bday 
$C: This story made me cry smile.
$C: It made my eyes go wet wet
$C: Happy cake day
$C: Thank you! I always saw him and his wife doing chores and stuff outside (he had a couple goats and chickens and he always built stuff out of wood) when i would drive by. Then one day he was at the high school and i talked to him because i always saw him when i was driving tractors and stuff. Super nice guy 
$C: I do too. I haven’t talked to him since i graduated. He taught me a lot about life. Biggest thing i learned was a smile and handshake with a warm hello for further than anything else. 
$C: If only i knew where he lived! He was about 5’8”, strong as an ox, had a beard with some gray, he slicked his hair back like a glen off of joe dirt and he a thick New York accent. His real name is steve, we just called him Mr. Steve because every other man in the building was addressed as Mr. or Coach, he was not any different. 
$C: Kinda crazy the random people who have parts of our hearts
$C: Don’t cry!!!
$C: I meant to say hug his grandkids 
$C: What’s a shittymorph?
$C: I’ve got a professor that has that laugh. It’s one i hear in my nightmares cause it’s such a bad class
$C: Sorry you had a crappy night! My pms are open if you need to talk!
$C: No idea where he is! Tried his church directory, Facebook, school payroll, any and everything
But no results 
$C: I’m very happy it happened, i just wish i had a minute to see how he is and tell him thank you 
$C: That’s what i meant to say 
$C: I don’t think so. He never talked much of his childhood, but he said he graduated highschool and signed up the next day. I think after the war he wanted a slower pace of life and to serve people. I don’t think he was Mennonite before his service, but joined the church after he did his tours. We understood each other. If he didn’t talk about something, i didn’t bring it up. He talked about how dark the war was, but told stories about it. He never told childhood stories though. 
$C: He didn’t grow up a Mennonite. He wanted a life of peace after he got out. He was proud of his service and did it for our country but felt remorse after he got out 
$C: Can we still be friends?
$C: Tried but no avail 
$C: Outside of okc 
$C: I’m almost 100% sure he joined the church after he got out. He talked about how bad it impacted those people and wanted to serve his citizens 
$C: Noo:( i wish i could’ve but the guy didn’t even have a cell phone
$C: All aboard!
$C: Wish i could but no contact info
$C: Yeah, it kinda struck me as coincidental. I saw him right after i walked across the stage. He was sitting there with his wife and the cheered for me. I woke up to an apple pie (both his and I’s favorite) sitting in my pickup ( live in the middle of nowhere it’s common for people to put stuff in your pickups like this or checks for stuff). Also had a card that said “congratulations on graduating, these last few years have been a great experience. See you around, signed Mr. Steve and Mrs. Steve)
$C: Nah, Tennessee.

I may be a Nashville transplant, but I'm not that much of a Nashville transplant. 
$C: Go give someone you care about but haven't seen in a while a hug. 
$C: That lack of judgement. Like literally, unless you are making a huge mess (and probably even if you are) a custodian is a figure of non judgement. The kids know that the custodian wont care that they are failing math, or in trouble for behavior, or having problems at home, it just doesn't matter. 

He's not involved in any of those things, so the kid feels judgement free. Even more so than another kid in the school. A kid may judge you socially, but the custodian is removed from all of that.
$C: They're like the cool uncle of the school
$C: >It's like the custodian in Breakfast Club (Carl)" Come on Vern, the kids haven't changed, you have! You took a teaching position, 'cause you thought it'd be fun, right? Thought you could have summer vacations off and then you found out it was actually work, and that really bummed you out."At the beginning of the movie it shows a plaque of Carl and he was 'Man of the Year' when he was attending that high school. I like to think that he had a successful career but got burned out. He took a job with less responsibility but it was more rewarding to him.

&#x200B;
$C: There are different ways of maintaining discipline. Being the sort of person that no one wants to let down is one. 
$C: My elementary school custodian didn't really handle any discipline but he'd definitely help resolve conflicts as a mediator.  He'd also track you down and make you do some cleaning if you made a mess at lunch.  He'd occasionally flick our ears too (painfully), though we all still loved him.  I can't remember his name right now but his assistant was Doug Woodcock (I'll never forget that one).
$C: I must be the only school custodian to lose their will to live after the dozenth tampon I had to scrape off the ceiling. 
$C: No. We vilify the poor when in fact they form our moral backbone. 
$C: Exactly its like a grandparent. Your parents are there to tell u what to do and guide u but this dude just tryin to be cool with u. 
$C: They dont, but one beat the shit out of my son when he was in Grade four. I was never told about it until he was an adult, but he said he was walking down the hall when the custodian called to him to come into his supply room, then proceeded to knock him in the head, punch and slap him, all while cursing him bc he  just didn't like him. So maybe bad shit happens that we dont hear about. I believe my son.
$C: In my high school kids would get shit from other kids if they would ever messed with a custodian. It was pretty much the one thing you could to make everyone hate you.
$C: Gary the janitor gave everyone at my high school fist bumps when he was walking past. He was the coolest staff member.
$C: Ben was our custodian. Leaving shit for Ben to clean up was about the biggest dick move you could pull in my high school. He was (and hopefully still is) a damn good dude.
$C: Everyone knew all 10 custodians at my high school by name. Anyone who gave them shit would get it back way worse.
$C: Maybe it didnt make you cool to be friends with the custodians but being a dick to the custodians and/or purposely making a mess definitely made you unpopular.
$C: Our high school janitor used to show us the hidden rooms and give us the keys.......

&#x200B;

cool ass mufuker
$C: Well some kids appreciate them but HS kids are too old to act stupid without consequences.  I work in a HS and I had to lay in wait  for several days to find a serial toilet paper urinator. When I finally caught him it gave me some joy to present him to the custodian. 
$C: >Middle schoolers can ruin anything

  A persons patience is their favorite thing to ruin
$C: Our elementary and middle school ones were awesome. The HS ones were dickholes...no one did anything to mess with them or be rude ever but they were just miserable old fucks.
$C: Never had a lunch lad but I ran an afterschool program for The Y at an elementary school and the woman custodian was the same lady I had in middle school and that was really cool. Her husband was also a custodian at elementary schools in the same district. Lovely people! My mom knows them both because she works where the husband works. Small town too lol
$C: I have never in my life seen a female history teacher. I've had plenty of female science teachers and even a few math ones, tons of English teaching females. But absolutely zero female history teachers.
$C: my high school has a few female janitors and two lunch men.
$C: Not p.c. but I had one female janitor at one point but only one. Had a lunch "dude" once. Prolly gay. Both cooler than I'll ever be.
$C: Close!  Michigan.
$C: I mean...why not? 
$C: You can't yadayada that part
$C: God I wish I could skate. I’ve been trying but it’s hard as hell.
$C: Thanks, glad you had Mr Bill. 
$C: Oh wow are you a comedian?
$C: I am a teacher, and students tend to open up to me. I’ve heard so, so many stories from students about a horrible thing a teacher said to them that they remember so clearly it was like it happened the day before. Just today I had a student mention that when they said they wanted to be a an animator when they grew up, their sixth grade teacher scoffed and said, “you should stick to what you’re good at.” I was livid and sad because I know that almost every kid has that story. Hell, I have that story. It reminds me that even when I’m frustrated as hell with a student I need to choose my words carefully. I don’t want to be that story for any of my students. 
$C: I agree with you completely. I think it's a matter of role models.

When I was around 13-14 I was bullied by my class teacher (and several other kids to go along with it), so much that when I told my parents about it they called the principal and she replied: "Well \[insert teachers name\] is going to retire after having your sons class, can't you just wait it out?"

Since it's not that easy to change schools and move to another town for a family of 4, that's exactly what we did... Waited it out.

Today I suffer from some form of social anxiety as well as depression. I now study computer science primarily because my computer was pretty much my only friend when I grew up.

So it could be said that where some people have had role models such as epic janitors and cool teachers, my role model was in fact the machine I am using to make this very post lol.
$C: Fuck Karen
$C: When I was a kid, there was a transition period of a few months between my father retiring from the Army and him finding another job. My father is a very proud man, and deservingly so. He was a career Army officer, did several tours in Vietnam, then led men for decades in peacetime.  He was used to being saluted and used to people following his orders instantly and without hesitation. He’s got a Purple Heart and a bunch of other medals and ribbons. (The man can get things DONE!) 

However our family went through a bad patch. My mother was diagnosed with cancer and at this time she was going through different types of treatment, trying to find the one that worked for her. She never did and ended up spending about two brutal years in slow decline to her death.  My father was at a rank in the Army where you need to go up or out. The higher ranks are more political asskissery and he’s not cut out for that so he chose to retire. My parents never discussed their financial situation with us kids but there was clearly some financial pressure for my father to get another job ASAP. During his job search, he took a temp job delivering newspapers to those old coin boxes to make ends meet. 

I’ll never forget one night, it was the coldest night in decades and here we were (because we kids were always “volunteered” to help) at the back of the van putting the freshly printed front sections of the Sunday paper together with the fluff sections to prep them for delivery.  It was like 4am with record breaking cold, the work was tedious and we were working under time pressure, but my dad was doing what he needed to do without complaint to take care of his kids and his dying wife.  I have immense respect for him for that. It took several months but he eventually got a job inspecting hotels and restaurants for the state. PERFECT job for him! 
$C: Ugh why do people think that's cool to do? Assholes.
$C: Just delivered to the same house tonight. The same kid was just as obnoxious but didn't call me poor at least. 
$C: Its almost a disease at this point where anyone who finishes college thinks they are hot shit. My own brother was acting like that too, like he was doing us a favor by living at home when he couldnt get himself a job even 2 years after finishing school and refused to just do some regular work part time. He's lucky i forced him to go to a city university and he doesn't have any loans smh.
$C: And the oligarchs know this and they use it to distract us, divide us and divest from us the social mechanisms that lift us all up. 

Remember when Obama was trying to put more money towards relief in the Great Recession, and how Republicans howled that he was a socialist and was attempting to “transfer the wealth” of corporations and the super rich? Then they got the tea partiers all riled up, fomented racist tendencies with the birther movement and ultimately  retook congress and the White House...then they passed a 1.3 Trillion dollar tax cut for the richest 1% and corporations, which *was the largest transfer of wealth in the history of humsnkind*! Now, they’ve got a growing $17 trillion decifit, so McConnell is preparing to gut social security, Medicare, Medicaid, Pell grants, ObamaCare, and every other program that helps people when they need it. This is by design. They’re pure evil, but we are so busy fighting each other and distracted by the clown in the White House, we are effectively powerless to stop them. We need to get rid of them ALL. We need to vote as if our lives depended on it, because, guess what...it does! 

$C: Yeah seriously. 
$C: And the district itself. The districts near me in South East PA most of the teachers are making 50k-90k  and 80k-100k for the district administrators which are certainly fair wages. But go a half hour East in to Philly and the teachers all make 40k-60k which isn't really enough considering how many kids are in their schools, how underfunded they are, and the fact that it's ridiculously expesnive to live close enough for a reasonable commute.
$C: I think it depends on what state/city/district you teach in and also education level. My sister-in-law makes almost 80k a year as an elementary teacher (she also has a Masters in childhood education). Before she got her masters she was "only" making 50k a year. She works in a well to do to suburb of MPLS. On the contrary, one of my good friends is also teacher in urban MPLS and barely makes 40k a year. Its shitty but unfortunately thats the way it is. 
$C: Hah! Teacher’s having summers off. That’s a good one. You should see all the lesson planning. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: In our situation, they work year round with OT options. 
$C: Look him up. Maybe he’s struggling. I bet he will be amazed to hear you think fondly of him. 
$C: Facebook? 
$C: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frazz
$C: Fuck I hope its Frazz that would be so damn wholesome 
$C: You're welcome, it really is a great comic.  I'd honestly put it right up there with Calvin and Hobbes.
$C: This is what?
$C: It just read like something right out of one of the strips of the comic with Frazz and Caulfield.  Sort of.
$C: same here except they'd force me to sit out until I gave in and bought the $35 p.e uniform
$C: We had a time limit of like 5 or 10 minutes, just the men though for some reason. 
$C: You da man, Kev!
$C: who hired you to do this???
$C: I lol’ed. imagine putting that on a resume 
$C: A menial job does not a menial person make
$C: Nailed it. I really believe the menial tasks we all loathe will be the first to go to the robots. They need to be done and will increasingly be the low hanging fruit of new enterprise. As a former security guard, it definitely hits home while walking the halls of a corporate commercial complex at 2 am. Scanning tiny sensors along my route to prove I had stumbled by, I knew deep down that the only reason my job existed was because robots had not yet become cost effective to replace me. Leaks, fires, and break-ins all needed to be reported; and my cheap eyes and ears could fill the gap.
$C: What’s amazing is how many menial high paying jobs there are. As well as how many menial people work in high paying jobs. 
$C: Like bankers.
$C: The fuck is a chili parlor?
$C: Yeah, the sentiment is nice, but it's just completely untrue.
$C: But to be dishonest? 
$C: And yet you managed to out-stupid it. 
$C: Boo you, man. Get off your high horse. 
$C: That's your bad.. you should **ALWAYS** expect unexpected Scrubs!
$C: [deleted]
$C: An actual reason, like not wanting to get busted for having children working on your premises. 
$C: No? She brought the kids, not the company. The liability is on her, not the company. If the company ordered her to bring her kids to help, now obviously that'd be highly wrong and illegal. 
$C: Unless you're the custodian and not trying to piss some douchebag off.
$C: All about formality, no? I guess you wouldn't necessarily refer to a janitor as usted though
$C: Si
$C: You wrote the the wrong abbreviation, that's why. should be etc not ect. 
$C: I'm a teacher, union job, and I think the custodians get about what we do. Seems fair if you ask me.
$C: Im also a custodian for a big school district with union and everything. I start at 17.10 with a dollar  raise after six months and another raise after a year for 3 years. We get benefits, retirement, and work year round; which is something teachers have to worry about during summer break because they literally don’t have their normal teaching job when all the kids are on break. 
$C: That matches how things are where I’m from, too. 
$C: When I was a custodian for the school board I made $25.60 an hour, pension, and great benefits. Time and a half on Saturday and double time on sundays. Great pay but it’s very mundane. 
$C: They don’t have a union, or what?
$C: fuck off just to continue the chain
$C: [deleted]
$C: Good for you!!! Best. 
$C: I don't see the problem with using gender-neutral language. I swear, there's always something about which people will complain.
$C: Can I get in on this?!
$C: I don't love any of you. I'm sorry. 
$C: Enjoy the gold!
$C: I love lamp.
$C: The schools main purpose is to teach kids. This school just taught these kids one way to appreciate someone they know. Good job, school. Good job, kids. Good job, Reddit.
$C: Definitely not a boss id want to work for. Happy employees do much better work and are much more loyal to the company. 
$C: >fam

No you
$C: I haven't seen it and I'm going to take your suggestion tbh
$C: Thanks, I rarely do but now I have a reason to!
$C: Somebody should repost this in r/peoplefuckingdying with a clever title. I’d do it, but I’m super busy, I swear...
$C: Fo sho, you can see kids a few rows back standing up they're so excited for their turn. 
$C: wtf dude
$C: I’m a former teacher and had the same realization. I’ve never looked into it, so I have no factual basis for this, but I worry that stuff like Boys and Girls Club or that Big Brother one are just asking for trouble since I’m a 37 year old man. Again, I have no basis other than feeing and opinion. Probably too cynical and affected by the news media.
$C: you hit or miss with this kind of joke on reddit. let the downvote begin!
$C: Yet my aunt is in hospice and I feel nothing. My third niece was born 3 months ago and all I could muster was a "great another birthday to forget". Why does this bring tears to my eyes but my own flesh and blood bring forth zero emotion
$C: When I take anti depressants I stop being like this and that’s one of the reasons I don’t want to take anti depressants

(Also because I like being able to orgasm)
$C: *Trust fall*
$C: We splurged on the brandname Pledge
$C: Right? And it's not even that bad when you can just get in there right away while it's fresh. What was far, *far* worse was emptying trash cans full of dirty diapers at the end of the day... yikes.
$C: Unless its in carpet, then you're gonna have a bad time if it's frequent. 
$C: You don’t...?
$C: My mother used to be a hospice nurse and literally dug feces out of the bowels of some of her patients because the meds made them so constipated. 

She didn’t mind though. She actually had her heart in her work and was simply happy to be able to help them. 

$C: Yeah. Having twins desensitizes you to cleaning up poop and pee pretty damn quick too. Honeatly just having a kid will do it.
$C: You will probably be the only one to read this, but you will appreciate it. I have a 180 lb Mastiff who used to have accidents inside. He would also leave his toys everywhere.

One early morning I woke up and on my way to make a pot of coffee saw a toy in the dark and decided to pick it up. It was a massive cow pile and I stuck my hand in it jurrasic park style. Took me a second to realize what had happened.
$C: Only time I've ever thrown up neon puke was after drinking merely two four loko.
$C: Good call
$C: Can also confirm: Am crying
$C: We would’ve gotten written up for that at my school. That bums me out people did that. 
$C: Oh, I *do* hope someone links. 

Someone on my team at work just told me about her poop knife. 🤦🏻‍♀️ Apparently they make them special just for that purpose. 
$C: I'm not your pal bud
$C: If you're spreading copy pasted memes, doesn't that make you an NPC too?
$C: Just stop! I  can't take it all. This is a rollercoaster I want to get off!!
$C: It’s a constant threat.👍
$C: Oh, happy for sure. The kids are honestly one of the best parts of the job
$C: Yes
$C: i knew that this GIF would enrage you trump supporters.




I like that, I like that a lot.
$C: Nah. Its like 2 years old. So if anything Generation Z.
Anyhow...i don’t even know what it means. I just use it when im at a loss for words.
$C: I have also heard those things!
$C: This sounds like it could be the next big hit!
$C: Actually It's Dirt'e. 
$C: That's pretty cool. By far, the one in Breakfast Club has to be one of the best, surely? Especially since he's the only one who can put that jerk teacher in his place.

Haven't seen Joe Dirt since I was a kid, all I remember is a mullet.
$C: I heard a story where a janitor showed some girls how hard it is to clean lipstick off the mirror. Dipped a squeejie in the toilet and used it on the mirror. Horror. Ha! 
$C: Good for you I'm sure his family appreciated that enormously.
$C: This might be my great uncle
$C: cookieSort has a big O of? n?
$C: I write internally facing software and I do my sort simply based on how nice people are. One lady feels bad every time she has to bring a bug to my attention and she brings me Swedish Fish candy, so those bugs take high priority.
$C: if in, then out?
$C: I use a greedy algorithm, it takes food, money, and sexual favors.  
$C: I work for a $1 bil revenue non-profit research institute and even the C-levels only get new computers every 3 years.
$C: Must be a rich private school if she’s actually getting a new new computer every year! I’ve work at a couple different schools (Elementary and College) and they had replacements every 3-4 years unless their department raised enough money to purchase one sooner or if it was donated. 
$C: Where on earth do you get 5 pounds of peanut M&M's? Please tell me!
$C: Ooh, what did you path to working in IT look like?
$C: See i wouldnt mind the gym teachers if they told me honestly when shit breaks. Dude had a busted screen for a month and was like "Oh jeeeez Just-in i have no idea how my screen broke!" 
$C: He stuck with that printer forever. No one likes to fix them anyway. So...
$C: Why is it so hard for them to say Thanks? I remember the people that say thank you and they'll be helped before the jackass that treats me like crap. 
$C: My ticket response comes from a generic IT email, not the person who helped me, even if I know who helped me. Do I thank the person to the generic email?
$C: You gotta know one of everybody
$C: What people don’t understand is the pain and arbitrariness of military bureaucracy is coupled with bosses who tell you not to come back until objective X is accomplished combined with mass punishment.  

So anytime you can get anything done easily makes you seem like a freaking hero to your team and avoids grief from above.  
$C: Holy fuck what was your MOS!? I singed the wrong papers...
$C: Strykers are just a huge pile of metallic shit tbh
$C: Keyboard warrior. And I wasn’t responding to you so you can go crawl back under your rock.
$C: I never expected love. Only hoped I earned respect.
$C: But do I sleep with the secretary or not?
$C: Secretary, no question. You know why she’s grumpy? She’s the front lines. She deals with every complaint from the top, bottom, and outside, and for less pay than all three (most of the time). Be nice to her, even if you don’t like her.
$C: Always the secretary. They know the entire office gossip, they know who's working on what, whose projects are going well whose are not, the boss talks to her so she likely knows about potential future projects earlier than most staff. I'm not a fan of networking for the sake of a career but often a secretary is the most "in the know" outside of the actual leaders yet is more likely to actually tell you something. Both in your own company and if you're visiting a regular client, you likely gain the most knowledge by knowing the secretary and talking with her.

Secretaries often look over things like finances and staff planning as well so really never underestimate what they know, and also they are at the front talking to just about everyone, there is no one not talking to a secretary, so whatever she may say about you has the possiblity to spread.
$C: [Aloha!](https://m.imgur.com/cnDdqUs)
$C: It’s a perfectly cromulent word. 
$C: don't dead, open inside.
$C: The best words
$C: Without them nothing would run. 
$C: Dude relax, everyone knows only Americans exist on Reddit.
$C: Because a lot of people live in America. Get over it. 
$C: They made an app to avoid human shit in LA
$C: Clearly you've never been to Miami. 
$C: What about schooling though? If pay grade for doctors was so low nobody would be a doctor, they'd just go to custodial work and the country would end up with a shortage of doctors. 
$C: Fuck it, they should be the highest paid individuals in the world; their benefit is infinitesimal. Preventing diseases in hospital reduces the risk of those same diseases spreading outside of the hospital. Y’all seen Day Z. Shits serious
$C: It's absolutely deniable and cleaning requires few to no qualifications. Being a doctor requires intensive training and a great deal of knowledge and skill. The suggestion that cleaning staff be paid more than doctors is utterly ridiculous. 
$C: I have to disagree. No data to back it up but I feel confident in saying that most people would rather not get sick(er) than have an md charge in to the rescue; everyone - patients, visitors, staff - need help from getting potentially life-threatening diseases, whether in that one person's room or somewhere else in the facility. You seem knowledgeable enough I don't have to tell you infective agents get carried from room to room - the best neurologist I've worked with wanted to look professional but didn't want his tie dragging across something picking it up then taking it to the next room; so he always wore a bow tie. Bow ties are cool. 

You do kinda sound like house keeping staff are insignificant. The OP is about a janitorial staff getting a celebration from a bunch of kids. My first post was that house keeping in hospitals play a significant and unnoticed role in people's health. I've never seen seen a doctor not get enough praise & I'm not sure I've seen them catch grief when they screw up. As an RN, I get plenty of praise from admin & families, & I catch shit too (my own & the doctor's). I've seen house keeping get chewed up, sometimes deservedly sometimes not, but I've never seen them called out for their contributions except in the most general "we are all responsible for infections" way. Their work needs to not go unnoticed. 

Which led to the last point. Good info on where antibiotic resistance comes from, but regardless of where, we're not too far from having no way to fight infections except by not getting them. Which means house keeping will play an even bigger role in the future. 

& all this isn't to minimize the doctor's role but I doubt any doctor needs me to pile more feel-good messages on his ego.
$C: Shout-out to my girl Flo Nightingale 
$C: As a custodian myself, yes we do save far more lives than doctors, considering that first off before there was proper sanitation practices in hospitals, you were far more likely to die from an infection. It was so bad that it was actually safer for women to give birth at home with a mid-wife than going to the hospital. Not only that, but we are first level respondents when there is a crisis at work. I have to be trained in CPR, First aid, crisis intervention and prevention ( CPI), Naloxone certified, WHIMIS trained, AND have a basic understanding of whatever place we are working in, while being under valued and paid.     


Not only that, but we are the ones who ensure that the property is well maintained, this goes FAR above cleaning! We are the ones that keep you from slips and trips ( the leading cause of injury), we are the ones who are first in line when there are medical emergencies ( I've saved at least 6 people from over doses and other medical issues), we are the ones who issue out repair invoices when there is something broken that can be a hazard, we also know how to handle and dispose of chemicals and bio hazardous stuff, oh and we are the only ones who can operate a boiler with out blowing up the building.  


Where as most doctors I've known hardly give a damn about their patients and just try to get people in and out of hospitals. They never fallow up, don't care for the concerns of the patient, and are often rude and arrogant, in fact there has been a huge issue with doctors either not listing to patients when they have medical issues,  they just tell you to come back if it gets worse, or don't believe you at all. The lack of good bed side manor has been the leading cause for misdiagnosis, and avoidable complications. There are a fuck ton of cases about it too, especially with gynecology.     
$C: lol, you sound a little riled up. 
$C: You are demonstrating a clear misunderstanding of what doctors do. Thank you for your service in helping our healthcare facilities stay clean and safe. We appreciate what you do. It's sad to see that doesn't work both ways and you make blatant assumptions that doctors simply "fuck off into the ether" when they're not right in front of the patient.
$C: nice. now i have something to watch tonight. that movies hard to find! havent seen it in years.
$C: over an accident? i dont think so. he wasnt drunk or anything.

edit: this guy was speeding and drinking, no jail time. https://www.independent.ie/irish-news/courts/driver-avoids-jail-for-crash-that-killed-friend-36805735.html
$C: No they wouldn't. If you weren't impaired, you wouldn't even be charged in most cases.
$C: Why use hands when can use potato
$C: Can't tell if rhetorical or joke so I'll bite. 

"I don't know -- how many Japanese children *does* it take to screw in a lightbulb?"
$C: Good point. I'm drawing from a pretty small sample set, and on reflection the Japanese schools I've been to have generally been much older than the schools I attended in the U.S. I was a bit too hasty in drawing conclusions from limited data.
$C: AT AN AIRPORT, THEY ARE CALLED GSE! 
$C: Ahhh that makes sense.
$C: occasionally members of the US military stationed in Japan rape a local. the locals don't like that.

not the only case but the most infamous one:  
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1995_Okinawa_rape_incident
$C: [removed]
$C: Now he has a job teaching kids how to behave and how important manners are in society.
$C: You may be surprised how thick the dust on floors in a school get in 8 hours. 
$C: And AI took his job.
$C: Thats actually how schools in japan work, the kids clean after themselves and there are no janitors 
$C: That's how it works in Japan
$C: Plotception 
$C: plot twist: He didn't get paid that day
$C: Haha thank you but if that is considered a thesis, I fear for our offspring 
$C: And here I am still not comprehending how to tie the fucking bag.......
$C: Here I am typing some words in response to your words
$C: What a time to be alive! 
$C: Like I said, there are many methods. I was only using my best guess as to how it was achieved. Thanks for the info though 
$C: Yessss! A lot of the Story corps stuff is a rehash on the same theme. 
$C: Why wait for someone else to steal, the stealing starts with YOU!
$C: Thank you for reminding me to listen to more Story Corps! I love those!
$C: What a weird prank to play on small children. You're an odd duck, Mildred.
$C: Thanks!
$C: Thanks!
$C: That’s such a great story. It made me remember a time in my life I had forgotten. My dad used to drop me off way early and my “Mr. Steve” would let me in the school early to help or follow him around rather than sit out in the cold by myself. Such a good man. 
$C: Have you tried looking him up on facebok to ask him how he and his wife are doing??
$C: /u/shittymorph

Read his comments and you'll understand. Sort by Top. 
$C: A legendary redditor. If you're lucky,  you'll catch a glimpse of him on here one day. 
$C: Yeah, that makes sense. Who knows, maybe one day you two will be able to see each other again.
$C: Right on, definitely would have been a life altering experience. thanks for the reply! 
$C: Thanks dude. Not the same guy but sounds equally as cool!
$C: 😞 I guess I was hoping him or his wife/kids had a Facebook you guys could keep in contact with. 
$C: Man that's sweet.
$C: Damn, a cousin of mine was basically a custodian that the kids called cowboy. He passed away several years ago. He was a really great guy. 
$C: I will! I skipped 90% of trigonometry to spend 8th period with friends in their PHYSICS class. Teach allowed me to skipp into her class. Besides making jokes, I participated in class, turned in assignments and got graded. 
$C: That is deeply profound and comforting. Thank you.
$C: That's a pretty good point dude.
$C: Elementary school custodian was my hero. Mr. Rahsz (ross) caught me smoking behind the school. I stole a pack from my mom. Anyway, I hear a voice from behind me "Alright, son. Give em here." I handed them to him , he popped one out, lit it and said "What are you doing back here? I'm on break." I asked him if he was going to tell on me for smoking cigarettes. He said "I have no idea what you're talking about. What cigarettes?" He gave me a wink and said "Why don't you scoot on home, now. I'd like to finish *my* cigarette in peace."
$C: I'm nearly 60 and I still remember Mr Jones, the custodian from elementary school.  I was a shy kid who wore glasses who got to school early every morning because I just couldn't get enough of it - he always had a smile for me and told me, "You're gonna have a great day today Miss Einstein!".  I'm sure he said lovely things to other kids, but that greeting was just for me.  To have a random adult pick me out as special was an incredible gift.  

There was a post earlier this week about the joy a grandfather (or great grand) showed when seeing a child and all I could think was imagine if every child in this world had someone who was so excited to see them...
$C: Ironically making them the exact kind of mentors kids need. Not someone squeezed into a glorified authoritarian role (regardless of their personal temperament) and forced to teach a curriculum that is 1/4 gibberish, 1/4, American exceptionalism, and 8/4s "sit down and shut up"
$C: That’s deep... and point on.  Thanks for that thought. 
$C: 😢
$C: This is so funny, because my uncle sorta recently became a custodian at a school and he's pretty cool, and maybe the funniest person I've ever met. 
$C: Yea, at the high school I went to, he used to smoke weed with some of the seniors
$C: The cool uncle who gets to play with the team and hang out with the dirt grubs
$C: Totally the cool uncle! Every school kid has a Mr. Steve. And they cool as fuck.
$C: When Carl busted Vern looking at the classified paperwork on the Teachers of the School...

What ya looking at Vern?..
This is highly sensitive Carl, can we keep this between ourselves?
Yea..well what you gonna do for me Vern?
Well, what do you want Carl?
How bout 50 bucks?.
50 bucks?.
Yea vern ,Fifty bucks...🤣.classic 

$C:  That's where im at.
$C: I'm sorry. Before cleaning my office building I cleaned a 24/7 365 massive warehouse full of....men. I can't decide if I'd rather do tampons on ceiling or grown men shitareah on the walls.
$C: [Want to watch a heartwarming story of Stephen Miller getting booed off the stage by his high school because he decided to give a speech about his inalienable right to be a shithead to the school custodian?](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/post-politics/wp/2017/02/15/stephen-millers-cringeworthy-campaign-speech-for-student-government/) I hope he forgets to leave the drapes closed and one day he combusts in the sunlight.
$C: Lmao okay I'll edit it back into my original comment. Give me like 10 mins. 
$C: Alright edited it back in. 
$C: Never too late to start! It's definitely pretty difficult to pick up. My advice would be to be careful and respect the board. Some of my friends got some pretty annoying strains when they first started because they were just trying to do some stupid shit and fell down hard. You're gonna fall, but as long as you're careful, you should be fine. Make sure to start skating with good habits as well. Don't start pushing mongo. 
$C: Try starting on a longboard! It's way easier to control, and you're usually way closer to the ground when you have to bail. 
$C: He meant [like this](https://i.imgur.com/1BGGC3V.gif)
$C: I was told by my 5th grade teacher that i shouldnt want to be an historian because i couldnt read well. Guess who has an honours BA in history Mrs. Mcmeany, this guy!
$C: Don't fuck Karen. You'll just create more Karens. Didn't you read the quote? 
$C: Where I'm at that's related to the district's policies allowing them the time to do this sort of thing. Also, our district's within 10min of the state college they'd need to attend, where as a teacher in a more rural school might be screwed. Its a bad system.
$C: And if your a high school teacher I cant imagine having to write all those recommendations.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Babysitters don't need a degree. They don't write lesson plans, keep a room of 30+ children on task, deal with mountains of paperwork, or have a tremendous impact on the future of a society. 
$C: If my old janitor showed up out the blue I'd be concerned I had repressed memories of abuse otherwise why did this dude track me down?
$C: My disappointment is immeasurable and my day is ruined
$C: The time I get to witness a reddit miracle. 
$C: Yeah we had a 5 minute change too. That’s why I was late sometimes, if the stall was occupied (there was only one).  I don’t know why they feel the need to make it even more stressful than it needed to be, but at least they didn’t require the showers.  They were once mandatory. 
$C: Let's give it up for Kevin! Doing the most important job without appreciation really demotivates these great people working their butts off every day! You rock Kevin!
$C: thanks guys :)
$C: Keep it up, Kevin! We thank you
$C: A local community college. They hire people every summer to pre-sharpen #2 pencils for students to use while taking their exams or other test the following semester. 


$C: His mom when he couldn't find a real job
$C: I have a degree in economics and am currently working a professional gig. It's not my first one. Used to work for the US consulate in Berlin. The most money I have ever made was standing on the line in a bottling plant. I honestly didn't do shit. Most shifts I was just trying to fend off boredom and stay awake and keep my legs and back from cramping. I just stood there making sure no caps were loose. Bottle after bottle for hours. Menial as fuck, but necessary I guess. I got $40 an hour to do that. Unions are the shit. Now I'm on salary like a big boy and apparently that means working unlimited hours with no overtime for far less money. Thanks, college! Glad I paid 40 grand for that.
$C: Thanks for asking. The finest bowls of chili are served in Parlors by skilled, professional chili-masters.

I took the job to learn the craft
$C: Seriously?   
$C: Is this some sort of contest? Because you out stupided them both
$C: The company really isn't the asshole here, they could be risking more jobs by being charged with violating existing child labor laws, being dropped by their insurance carrier, or losing clients who are worried about the security of their information. 

However, the person who filmed a dog-tired woman while she brought her kids to work with her, then turned that footage over to the company, forcing them to act? *That* person is a real pile of rotting garbage. 
$C: Sounds like a huge liability issue, but hey what would I know.
$C: Easy on the pitchfork there turbo.
$C: What I said doesn't imply that everyone should follow every rule blindly.

I was only trying to note that there might be context we're missing. For example, if the cleaner at my work would bring their kids with them to help, not only would they be probably fired, they'd definitely get charged with a crime. Security is a huge thing in some places. 

There are different situations, the person cleaning a school at night could probably do that just fine, the cleaner at Pentagon probably couldn't. We don't know which was the case here. 
$C: Yeah, fuck child labor laws.
$C: Yeah, that too. Fuck me for trying to be reasonable apparently, haha. 
$C: The liability is really on anyone but her.  Employers are responsible for ensuring safe working conditions, even if their employees make mistakes to make it unsafe.  Having kids around cleaning supplies and machines makes it not safe.  The building could be liable for any accidents that happen inside it.  Even some office jobs will make you sign waivers to bring in animals or kids.
$C: You’re absolutely right. I never speak Spanish with formality
$C: Well I've been typing that wrong for a long time.... Good to know.
$C: > Seems fair if you ask me.

I think so too.
$C: I'll agree that custodians should get paid more. Their work is hard, and generally unappreciated or taken for granted by most. The same goes for teachers though, too. Four years, tens of thousands of dollars in student loan debt and more stress than I could handle on a good day. That's what I've seen my fiance deal with just from her schooling. And for what? To deal with hormonal teenagers, incompetent parents and barely enough money to get by without living paycheck to paycheck. It's insane to me, I genuinely think that teaching is the most underappreciated career you could choose. I make over $70k a year driving a tractor trailer. Granted it's a stressful job and not for everyone, but I don't think it holds a candle to teaching. Hell, I wouldn't have my commercial license without being taught by a *teacher*. I rant about this to my fiance all the time. I honestly think that teachers should make at least $70-$75k a year no problem. Like I said before, I know custodial work is hard and unappreciated but I think it's a travesty that the pay scale is almost even between custodians and teachers. 
$C: No, I disagree. I think neither of you make quite as much as you should.
$C: Damn straight. The way administrations try to dick over custodians is upsetting. My school got rid of master contracts and were implementing a new handbook in its place for all employees. Our union said we wanted custodial and non union members to be a part of this process because we all deserve to be a part of this transition and for clarity’s sake. The school district was kind of dragging their feet when the custodial staff started asking about having union representation of their own. Needless to say, they got a seat  at the table. 
$C: Highly disagree, but only in that you probably deserve double what you're getting now.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Not sure. Never really asked.

This is in Southern Maine though. Wages stay rather stagnant in these parts.
$C: Me neither, fuck off bud.
$C: It wasn't gender neutral. She said latinx girl. There's already a word for that - latina. 
$C: Yes! We all love you and think you’re a silly girl! :) 
$C: Yeah me t-

\*6 hours ago\*

...aw man, I'm late to the party
$C: Everything truly amazing is always fueled by other humans
$C: All this shiny gold in the thread because it's been dull and rainy so much! 
$C: I don’t want in on anything besides telling everyone that they are awesome, cared for and loved! Even if you feel like your presence doesn’t matter, all it takes is one person acknowledging that they do! Every one deserves support from those around them! 

Care for each other y’all, we are the only fellow humans we got!
$C: I was feeling very anxious but this comment thread fixed it, thanks guys! Love you all
$C: I always show up late to these things...
$C: We need a reddit wide group hug.
$C: Me too! Me too! 
$C: nope i hate you 
$C: Me too. I want in.  
$C: Sí
$C: Love you u/Syllygrrrl !!
$C: Can you learn to love me?
$C: Hey don’t forget me!
$C: Man, way to sour it, not your fault but whomever gilded you.
$C: What a bunch of karma whores lol
$C: Im 4 hours late but i want gold
$C: Count me out 
$C: I'm just here for the gold
$C: can I get gold? oh I love u
$C: I just want gold.
$C: Sometimes making someone's day is a little more important than learning what X stands for
$C: I worked at an educational place that occasionally had volunteers. As a general rule, there were always two teachers (or a teacher and a volunteer) present with any student. This served two purposes - to make sure that the teachers could vouch for each other, and to handle emergencies (which could be anything from someone having to go to the bathroom to setting the grass on fire). 
$C: You're adopted. 
$C: You are worn down by the regularity of your life. Your state of emotionlessness means you are subject to a state of normalcy, so normal that your current world would not feel different. She’s sick, you know she will die, but she’s still alive.
Your brain processes reality on patterns and it has never experienced an aunt-less day. You know it is different, but you are challenging your biologically ingrained concepts with a logical conclusion. Objectively true, but we are flawed biological beings.

You only experience this video in a small segment and it is many unknowns with full joy and endearment, not a regular thing you experience in your life. This is abnormal, it is unique. The uniqueness of the video tantalizes your drive for exploration and curiously. In some ways your feel happy for him and in others you yearn to have that feeling, ignorant that you do have that, but it is not shown in that manner to you. 

You are watching a 10 sec active exposition of love and every day you have a milder presented love, but equal love existing and you take it for granted, we all do. Maybe you will not get a day after yourself, but you have loved ones that do care, but they cannot be your cheerleaders every day, just like you cannot be theirs at all moments. They care for you as you care for them and you should [spend 10 seconds thinking about how they care for you](https://youtu.be/Upm9LnuCBUM?t=92). 

Just like you what I said sounds nice, it’s objectively true, but we are too selfish, ignorant and biased to truly reflect what we have. We need to grow, we need to learn, we need to be better to ourselves and one another. We cannot do it if we harden ourselves. I’m drastically complicit as well. We all need to care more and show we care more. We’ve let ourselves isolate from one another for selfish reasons.
You have people that care for you, you have people that you care for. How have you shown them how you care for them lately? Maybe one day I’ll also care like that…

$C: Get off Prozac and Lexadick
$C: I 100% know what you mean, brother. SSRI's are not the answer for anxiety, can't wait for doctors to get the memo. The Doctors make me feel like shit because I won't accept another SSRI, when they have made me manic multiple times. Makes me feel like a drug addict because the only things that work for me are benzos but of course, that's not going to happen. I'm just another drug-seeking junkie to them. I'm done with conventional medicine.
$C: It should work great with the paper towels we loaned you
$C: Just kidding we cheaped it and got you Plodge.
$C: mmm, fermented baby shit. there's nothing like it.
$C: Yeah for that reason (and increasing the property value obviously), I replaced all of our carpet with hardwood. It's made cleanup a lot easier--beforehand we had carpet upstairs and I either had to choose between pulling out the carpet cleaner or restricting the dog downstairs (and he's an old man with separation anxiety so I didn't have the heart to do that). 
$C: Only on my birthday
$C: I mean...I don't know if clearing impacted bowels "isn't a big deal/gross". Cleaning up some piss/shit with a mop and cleaning supplies is one thing, literally going up inside another human being's bowels is a totally different level of gross.

Kudos to your mom of course, but if we're talking about things that are not as gross as they seem, your example isn't a good one.
$C: Two four lokos is equivalent to a 12-pack and 8 cups of coffee

$C: [deleted]
$C: Whatever friend.
$C: Oh we can get more meta.
$C:  :thinking:
$C: Ed...Ward?
$C: **Rent Free**
$C: I try to refrain from their lingo. It makes you seem less intelligent, which I am sure you are bright, you eat ass.
$C: Don't try and church it up, son.
$C: Lol. I know. Love that movie
$C: Yep. He’s tops. 

https://www.sweptworks.com/blog/hiring/movie-janitors-who-swept-the-box-office/

We both loved the janitors in both seasons of American Vandal. 

Dirt was a janitor but there’s also a janitor when he was in school IIRC. 
$C: ....I'm a systems admin, I have no idea what that gibberish you just typed means. but damn it if I can't allocate the right amount of VM space for you to run a server that will sort that crap out of that gibberish.
$C: O(mnomnom)
$C: Nah n log n lol
$C: I laughed way too hard at this
$C: Yup, where n is the number of cookies.
$C: O(🍪)
$C: Big Omnomnomnom
$C: Iirc, its O(n / log(r)) where r is the radius of the cookie
$C: A big O of 2^n
$C: Nooooo! My math class is following me on Reddit
$C: U made my day
$C: To answer you in a word, yes.
$C: Real men sort in linear time!
$C: O(1), I keep a sorted list in memory of who gave me cookies last and getting the first member is trivial.
$C: It's O(1), it will always take you the same amount of time to eat the cookies, no matter how many there are. 
$C: “I’m so sorry about this”

It’s okay, I like it when you’re sorry. 
$C: If someone brought me Swedish Fish, they'd be at the top of my priority list as well.
$C: Oh yeah, new vs new to her.
$C: I think that teacher may just be getting a refreshed Windows XP every year. Still, if the teacher is anything like what I'm guessing it will still pass as a "new" computer for her. 
$C: I misread it as "one dollar bill":

WHERE ARE YOU GETTING THREE DOLLAR COMPUTERS?! 
$C: Heheheh

Jokes on you

There is much profit
$C: a billion dollars is a lot of research...
$C: $50 says your CFO is in charge of IT and favors the research end of the business more.
$C: Probably replacing 10-20% or so every year. Give her a new one and repurpose the old one tk someone else.
$C: The same place you can get any oversized amount of food, Costco.
$C: Went searching and found a [42oz bag at Walmart](https://www.walmart.com/ip/M-M-S-Peanut-Chocolate-Candy-Party-Size-4-Pack-42oz-Peanut/227289778?wmlspartner=wlpa&selectedSellerId=17602&adid=22222222228163256928&wl0=&wl1=g&wl2=m&wl3=277813497040&wl4=pla-462097997990&wl5=9026263&wl6=&wl7=&wl8=&wl9=pla&wl10=125216368&wl11=online&wl12=227289778&wl13=&veh=sem&gclid=EAIaIQobChMI0s2D-KqP3gIVRlp-Ch15ag54EAQYASABEgLJ5fD_BwE) for $57.99!
$C: I had always been into tech but I was going to college for something other than IT. I worked at Best Buy selling computers and did some freelance work for small businesses. Got tired of that and got a level 2 help desk role for a bank. Then my wife and I moved abroad, I did desktop support for a few months before being offered a desktop support/junior sysadmin role which I accepted. While working at that new job, I spent every moment of my life on /r/homelab and practiced for almost three years. That got me the skills needed for my current job which is a Linux sysadmin role with some engineering mixed into it. 
$C: The amount of times I heard shit like that is beyond a countable number.. I expected that shit from students... but teachers... had one that said she didn't drop it or spill anything in it... crack it open..... bacon grease caked....
$C: Ikr? It’s basic human politeness! 
$C: The ticket system I've worked with may came through a standard email, but when you reply back through that email chain the ticket system will automatically send it to whomever was working the case. So I'd guess you could just reply.
$C: yep! even if it’s a generic email there’s still a person(s) behind it. 
$C: Mechanics and medics were my best friends. Less time in the motorpool? Winning. Less time bleeding out? Double winning. 
$C: What? I was making a joke buddy.
$C: Depends on your router connection.
$C: Depends if you're the President
$C: I have to ask though, why would secretary be number one? Out of all the staff in my high school, I have the least interaction with the secretaries. Maybe elementary would be different?

The caretakers are in the classrooms on a daily basis. Don't think I've ever seen a secretary in a classroom.

Don't get me wrong, the school needs everyone to function, but for me the secretaries are less important than the people actually mobile in the school. 
$C: Except for runners, they like to  do that.
$C: Mmhmm. Yes.
$C: Wut
$C: No. You exclusively pointed out America. 
$C: Or San Francisco 
$C: Woah hold on there. Apparently custodial workers save more lives than doctors, so why even have them
$C: > infinitesimal

This means small. Very small. 
$C: Are you fucking serious? Cleaning staff should be the highest paid individuals in the world? A no-skill, no-qualification profession? Why would anyone do any other job? 
$C: >I've never seen seen a doctor not get enough praise

Look around this thread. 

>we're not too far from having no way to fight infections except by not getting them.

I suppose we'll rely on cleaning staff to come up with solutions to that problem rather than doctors and medical researchers shall we? 

>& all this isn't to minimize the doctor's role

It absolutely is. That is all you have done. 
$C: >As a custodian myself, yes we do save far more lives than doctors

Lmfao. No, you don't. Get a grip.
$C: because potato just latvian dream
$C: Zeroshima 
$C: hmm I shouldn't expect anything from someone who has a history of calling people homophobic names 
$C: [removed]
$C: Plot twist: nobody pays anybody for this.
$C: My 7th grade math teacher told us to always live your shit behind in the movie theater to make sure they have to hire people to clean it up.

Unsure if she was a menace to society, or lost a job at a movie theater at some point.


$C: I like your thinking! 
$C: That’s what I see here; a real mf who’s never been given the love he deserves for being a real mf. 
$C: Face it guys, you can’t stop the wholesome train 
$C: He was paid in puppies!
$C: the lesson is of value - there will be garbage.  
$C: Please, let's make this happen!!!
$C: Would you download a WWII Veteran
$C: Is it like a podcast?
$C: I feel bad airing her out like this but let's put it this way. The yearbook I got it from is from 198X. It makes me feel a bit better about it knowing that it was from a different era, I was a much different person, and she was old enough to probably know better :D
$C: A little bit of compassion goes a long way. After my tenure with Mr. Steve, i tend to treat the janitors and custodians of places with the upmost respect. I try to strike up a conversation and sometimes i leave $10 giftcards on their carts for a free lunch since Mr. Steve made such an impact on my life 
$C: They don’t have it. I’ve tried contacting him in various forms but nothing has turned up 
$C: I get it now! 
$C: I hope so. I miss his thick New York accent 
$C: I’ve tried to contact all of them😭
$C: Ahh, I am sure he had a massive positive impact on their lives. 
$C: When I worked nights at circle k (Bill & Ted reference here) I was shocked at the amount of people that would open up about the shit going on in their lives. Easy to tell that random dude working than someone who would actually judge you.
$C: That was for real impressive 
$C: Ok but don't snitch out our boy Bob rahsz
$C: Lol, well, I'm thinking that still wouldn't go over to well if anyone of the teaching staff found out. They actually would probably be pissy hs wasn't blazing with them, lol
$C: They got along because they shared a lot of stuff. 
$C: You guys think I'm just some untouchable peasant? Serf? Peon? Well, maybe so. But following a broom around after shitheads like you for the last 8 years, I've learned a couple of things. I look through your letters. I look through your lockers. I listen to your conversations, you don't know that but I do. I am the eyes and ears of this institution, my friends.
$C: Nice.
$C: I mean, I’m only 13 and I know if I don’t pick it up now I’ll regret but it’s just the part of getting back up and trying again 1000 time more is a weird concept for me.
$C: Fuck Karen with a condom
$C: Do your kids actually get $15/hour? That sounds like a “fuck you, I don’t want to watch kids” rate. I would have thought a couple dollars per hour per kid, but I haven’t done the babysitting for pay thing for quite a few years.
$C: [deleted]
$C: This is the state of the world today.  The children are the future and we must do everything in our power to protect them but don't make eye contact with them or your ass will be tossed in jail.

In the 80's the teachers would hug us and the janitor would tickle us.  No weirdness about it.  I mean one of the bus drivers were creepy but kids gotta sense about that kind of stuff and we avoided that guy.  Times are changed and well...weird.
$C: You're the best Kevo. :) Thanks for everything.
$C: Ha ha. I did that job as well for a college - got the work through a temp agency. 

I also had a gig opening memory stick packages. Thousands and thousands of memory stick packages. They were building a new assembly line to put them in blister packs, put 24 packs in a box and put 6 of those boxes in a bigger box. They just kept running this fucking thing and tweaking it as they went. It shat out thousands of packs every few minutes and our job was just to open all the boxes and dump the sticks in a hopper at the beginning of the line. 

The contrast in skill between the brilliant engineers building this thing and myself was felt by all.  
$C: I mean, obviously we can figure out what it is, but I have never seen a chili parlor in my life
$C: you've gone next level stupid.  i'm jealous. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: > Employers are responsible for ensuring safe working conditions, even if their employees make mistakes to make it unsafe.

A company can't control if their employee brings their kids to work against its policy. How that makes them liable, there's no logic to that at all.

Also, most cleaners are contract-based, so they don't actually work directly for the company. 

> Having kids around cleaning supplies and machines makes it not safe. 

That's ludicrous, cleaning supplies are literally in every home. We're not talking about bringing 3 year olds to the job. 

> Even some office jobs will make you sign waivers to bring in animals or kids.

I'm a legal laymen, so you may be correct on the liability front, I'm just pointing out how it makes no sense. But then most laws and legal standards make little sense. 
$C: Interesting, you exclude usted entirely? If you don't mind me asking, what country do you live in?
$C: I disagree. Not saying custodians shouldn't be unionized or not paid well but teachers have to go to college and have the knowledge even after school to explain the material. Also more a higher responsibility of the kids. Not to say custodians aren't responsible for them either but the teacher is with them a lot more.
$C: Not ATM, but I know that full time after probationary period is closer to 30k, and it increases by a percentage each year. Really good benefits, too. 

This is CA, but it’s Central Valley, where you can’t rent a 2 bedroom downtown for less than 1k/mo. 
$C: Ah, fair enough. 
$C: fuck me next!

$C: So if I say you're a hella picky person about linguistic trivialities would that be wrong and appalling of me to say because there's already the term "prescriptivist" in existence?
$C: Thanks!!  I needed that today.   :)
$C: ❤️
$C: I love Reddit. I love you guys.
$C: [https://i.imgur.com/XO8Rbdf.png](https://i.imgur.com/XO8Rbdf.png)
$C: This was a heartwarming thread.
$C: I’d rather be shiny! 
$C: You heard the lady. 
$C: Lady Sherlock, everyone would be honored to be your Watson. :)
$C: No.  I love you.  
$C: How could we forget you? 
$C: You must project into the world what you wish to attract to yourself.  If you want kindness, give kindness.  If you want gold, give gold.  
$C: They always told me that they should have just left me at the zoo. But I'll be a monkeys ass if I'm not a spitting image of my father.
$C: Any suggestions? I’ve tried so many I don’t even remember the names
$C: [deleted]
$C: I spent $85 on a spot carpet cleaner. 

With a 17 year old dog who can’t always hold it until 5:30pm and occasionally vomits yellow sludge, it’s been a life saver. 
$C: Of course the comments were gold. A shame it was removed. 
$C: I'm not your friend chief!
$C: Believe it or not that was not the scene that hit me hardest. The one were Ed fixes Al's seal holds that title, broke me like a balsa twig.
$C: ...what, one of two political parties in the country? It's kind of hard to not ever think about half the entire voting population
$C: for sure. (The lingo making you seam dumber) but sometimes does make  a comment funnier.
also, eating ass DOES prove my high I.Q.
$C: Naming you that, your daddy musta really hated you. 
$C: Hah...simplified, it's the rate of quality / efficiency of a sorting algorithm....

How well it preforms when provided more or more challenging inputs
$C: Relevant XKCD: https://xkcd.com/705
$C: You don't delve into programming much then? I'm devops and we don't really ever use big O notation but it's surprising to hear someone in the industry who hasn't heard of it.
$C: My guy, if you want to learn about how much space your algorithm creates at any given input size, you should check out Time Complexity on wikipedia! Really interesting stuff that we just learned in class here in school, it could be worth your while!
$C: Yikes dog
$C: But O(n log n) has a worse runtime than O(n)
$C: I mean every cookie after the first will take slightly longer to eat so O (n log n) is still best case to sort them while eating
$C: Until someone brings you *surströmming*
$C: Ah the good old slightly newer HP Compaq pro 400 trick. Gets em every time. 
$C: Psh that's not even 3 pounds.  Definitely not new computer worthy.
$C: EXACTLY! just fucking tell me so i can fix it.
$C: Well then, thank you!
$C: >Less time bleeding out

TFW you die of blood loss because you forgot to give the medic a cookie.
$C: Exactly
$C: In case you didn’t know it’s difficult to tell sarcasm in writing. 
$C: This is pretty funny, in the UK they pronounce router like root which means sex here in Australia
$C: I’ve worked only secondary in my career. The secretary is the inside scoop on what admin and parents are asking about. They are the first person parents go to to complain. They arrange for subs. They are usually who you have to call if you are going to be late or need some coverage. They have access to supplies and every room in the school.

It gets more school-specific, but really they are the most well connected individuals, and are the ones who interact with literally everyone (teachers, admin, students, IT, support, custodial, PARENTS). They are invaluable allies.
$C: Without them nothing would run except for runners because they like to do that.
$C: As an example.
$C: Or Philly. 
$C: Of course let's kill cancer and viral diseases easily with cleaning supplies
$C: Thought the y’all see Day Z comment would reveal that I am, in fact, not serious. Figured I’d troll the OP, who seems to have had some bad experiences with doctors 
$C: What industry are you middle management in?
$C: Sheeeeeeeeeit
$C: I bet you thought that was witty.


*Wew...*
$C: Oh but they do, rich people do at least - finishing school. Probably don't have too many ex-janitors as staff teachers though.
$C: That's not a plot twist, that's reality
$C: Mutual aid, bitches
$C: Daycare, teacher
$C: Plot twist: that's the job of a parent/teacher so he becomes a teacher
$C: I like their spelling
$C: Each puppy had a unique and complicated diet, sleep pattern, and walk schedule.
$C: Me too thanks
$C: It always helps to have an appreciation of those that keep our world tidy and clean. I actively ask my Grabage Men what I can do to make their job easier. I live in a city so the answer is simple, don't overflow the trashcan. 
$C: They do podcasts but what I like best is when they animate to the storytellers. It really brings it to life for me. This is a good one:

https://youtu.be/WNfvuJr9164
$C: I'm glad that I could be the one to share that with you. 
$C: I’m so sorry. :( maybe time will bring you guys in contact again. I’ve also lost contact with people I have no way of finding. Hoping the best for you! 🤞
$C: Yeah, I worked as  a cashier at Speedway (regional convenience store) people would tell me incredibly personal things, like their upcoming divorce court date, how they got pulled over by the police that one time, etc.
$C: If he wants to smoke those happy little trees, that's fine by me.
$C: Lol. Hell yea, that fuckin movie has some of the greatest one liners of all movies man..
Does Barry Manilow know you raid hes wardrobe?. I STILL laugh at that scene to this day..
"So..in addition to all the girls in the Niagara Fall area, You and Clair are currently riding the Hobby Horse"..🤣
$C: Disrespectful kids, unsupportive parents, bad admin, and shit pay is WHY teachers drink. 

I'm going to quit arguing with you because I have happier things to do and you're fixin' to get downvoted into oblivion. But fuck you, asshole. 
$C: There will be teachers who do that, but there are also those of us who will show a 3 minute segment that teaches the content in a different way that helps just one child (it could be your child) finally understand it.

I also second the fact that if my role was babysitting, I'd gladly accept 175 kids * 15$ a kid/hr = $2625 for my 6 hr classroom time every day.

Like they say, either you work hard doing things that are meaningful or you enjoy or do something you might not like, but for a price you can't refuse. 
$C: No weirdness about lead in gasoline either huh?
$C: You're cooler than Kevin Bacon! 
$C: How does one get a job like this? I have a regular job but I could do shit like this in front of the TV all night happily. I love repetitive tasks like this, my mind can wander and my body can work efficiently on it's own. It's awesome 
$C: It's a restaurant that specializes in chili. 
$C: I’m pretty sure that is still you. 
$C: How did they go next level?
$C: It’d be nice if this could be the norm, but this is just not the real world.
$C: Yes brother ✊🏼
$C: > Assess each situation and deal with it.

And it sounds like they did. They thought it was an extreme violation on her part and fired her and replaced her with someone else.
$C: >A company can't control if their employee brings their kids to work against its policy. 

They can, by firing people who do so. Determining liability isn't necessarily fair. 

>Also, most cleaners are contract-based, so they don't actually work directly for the company. 

All the more reason to not have liabilities because, again, the building could be liable for an accident. 

>That's ludicrous, cleaning supplies are literally in every home. We're not talking about bringing 3 year olds to the job.

Places of work are different.  Employers are liable for workman's compensation for an accident at work.  You're responsible for yourself at home. 

>I'm a legal laymen, so you may be correct on the liability front, I'm just pointing out how it makes no sense. But then most laws and legal standards make little sense. 

You might think it's dumb, but if there's an accident, it's best to be safe than sorry
$C: I don't think his country excludes usted, it's just usually too formal for everyday conversation.

source: a friend told me that it would kinda be like appending "sir" or "ma'am" in terms of formality
$C: I sure do. It’s way too formal. I’d definitely get weird looks unless I was meeting my gfs parents or something. I live in California 
$C: I think what you’re trying to say is that teachers should be paid more. I personally think everyone should get paid more. 
$C: I'm a custodian in North Idaho. Its not a horrible gig but, you're never going to make more than enough to squeeze by. Certainly not enough to own a home off one income.

Currently custodians cap out per education level where I live.

It's about $17.50 an hour for elementary. $19 an hour for middle, and around 21 an hour for High school.

While its Certainly a livable wage when you have been in the district for 10+ years as a head custodian for a building. Most others, including myself earn in the $12 to $14 an hour bracket. Which is enough not to starve most the time, but I'll never buy a house, or new car on my salary. 90% of my paycheck goes to car, home, food, and other basic amenities. If my gf didn't work I'd chew through my meager savings in a month. I literally cant even afford to live alone.
$C: FUCK ME HARDER

Edit: too weird? My b
$C: No, because that's not what presciptivist means. I also never said it was wrong and appalling. I said language is devolving into nonsense. 
$C: The world needed YOU today. :)
$C: Omg, is your name a Descendants reference? 
$C: but did the guys above me ever give gold to anyone?
$C: "We have a magical cure for anxiety, but it works *too* good and people *might* become addicted to it, so let's just not give it to them at all"

&#x200B;

Pretty much how I see it.
$C: I'm not your chief.......fuck.........
$C: Constantly thinking about them is toxic. This wholesome post had nothing at all to do with politics, its bizarre, and almost racist to me that someone would leap right to thinking "Trump supporters" would dislike it, because the custodian is black? Again, very weird.
$C: Fuck you. I go to Reddit to get away from work, not do more of it.
$C: I spent a good bit of time learning about optimization and learning the time efficiency of different operations/methods (such as checking membership in an arrays vs hashtables) only to more recently discover that a lot of software developers just don't focus on it at all. It can be relevant, especially in data science, but in general the priority seems to be on maintainability (in using non optimal algorithms and methods that are better known or are more readable) and user QoL instead of performance. It's good to know time efficiency but I have been a bit disappointed that it's not used very much in the average developer position.

Edit: I do have a feeling it's going to become increasingly relevant in the future as input sizes grow, but more than likely a lot of developers a spoiled by a lack of necessity for faster runtimes (especially if you work on primarily on internal projects that don't require huge input data).
$C: Thank you kind internet stranger for making my day.
$C: r/unexpectedxkcd
$C: I wish you would've said the big O notation was something incredibly important, please tell me it is, since university makes it seem like such a big deal. Maybe I didn't fully understand it just yet.
$C: I'm a systems admin, I never see code sadly/thankfully.
$C: O(n log n) is the best possible average runtime complexity for sorting an array
$C: Guys we aren't eating them yet, only sorting them by flavor
$C: If that happens the company probably has to close for the rest of the day, so it's even better!
$C: Yeah, that’s just the first, and most ridiculous, hit on the search. The same bag is $15 elsewhere and a 10lb bag is $56 on amazon.

I don’t know wtf Walmart was thinking...
$C: Did you think you were at a clinic actually waiting on a hearing test? I'm not sure how you got that mixed up to be honest.
$C: Right, a biased example that shows your prejudice.
$C: Technically anything that kills cancer is a cleaning supply.
$C: Honestly hard to tell in this thread. Some pretty serious stupidity flying about! 
$C: I'm not middle-management. I work in healthcare though and doctors absolutely save more lives than custodians. 
$C: [removed]
$C: F
$C: And the kids took turns caring for them so he never had to do anything but love the puppies. 
#####
FULL STOP.
$C: So he got to feed, pet and walk puppies all day
$C: Aw fuck that was beautiful. I cried a bit. Thanks for showing me this ima dig deeper
$C: First time I learn of this. Thanks for sharing. It brought a tear to my eyes.
$C: Much appreciated!
$C: Dude I heard soommmme shit. People really get going when they start telling ya shit. I worked in a not so good area.
$C: I love teachers, but you guys are embarrassing yourselves with this baby sitter math.  If that's how you think daycare workers are paid...  yikes 
$C: Is that why my teacher hugged me?
$C: Way to go Kevin!
$C: Yea, same here, I used to love a good mindless task as long as it didn’t involve heavy lifting. I did a whole bunch of jobs like that back in the day and got them through a temp agency under “general labour” jobs. The agency I used was called “Pro Temps”, even though there was nothing professional about any of us. 

This is going back about 15 years though, so not sure if these kinds of gigs still exist or not. I ended up quitting because the majority of jobs were for residential moving companies and those gigs fucking suck worse than any version of hell you can possibly imagine. 

$C: I hate jobs like that, as soon as it comes to my mind, this job is so useless it's probably the first in line to be replaced for a robot, I immediatly grow an irrational distaste for it.
$C: I know you are but what am I 
$C: 🤦🏻‍♂️
$C: I have no idea.  I didn't know we were being serious. 
$C: Society deciding to place all liabilities on the company as opposed to the individual really irks me. 
$C: Makes sense. I'm learning Spanish as a second language, and I know that the situations where tú is used instead of usted (and vice versa) aren't always the same between cultures.

What I've been rolling with (since I'm in a school environment) is Ud. for teachers and above, and tú for everyone else. Is that off the mark?
$C: Hm, gotcha. Need to tone down how much I use it then haha
$C: Yes was that not clear sorry. But yeah I could walk into a school tmrw and have good shot at getting hired as a janitor no way I could do the same as a teacher. Not to say they aren't extremely important and still should get paid handsomely. Like you said everyone should get paid more.
$C: You can’t afford to live alone on 12-14/hr full time in Idaho? I assumed Idaho was cheaper than Central CA. 
$C: >Linguistic prescription, or prescriptive grammar, is the attempt to lay down rules defining preferred or "correct" use of language. These rules may address such linguistic aspects as spelling, pronunciation, vocabulary, syntax, and semantics.

Someone who practices linguistic prescription is a prescriptivist. The fact that you're arguing semantics right now confirms it lmao. Devolving means change to a lesser form. Calling something a lesser form and advocating for its "better" one seems pretty much like calling it wrong to me. You don't actually find the term nonsensical. The "sense" of it got across to you. That figure of speech was purely to indicate you disagree with its use, which would make it appalling to you.

I find it hella weird that you're taking a phrase from Latin America and you're proclaiming its use as borrowed language by a Latin American to be "nonsense". It's like if I said the word language is nonsense because its original form is lingua. Or if I shat on a person saying "octopuses" or "octopi" because octo is a Greek prefix so the correct from would be the Greek suffix with "octopodes". Or got outraged from people not adding the cedille with "façade." It's not productive. It's judgmental and condescending. Language evolves.
$C: Sometimes Reddit is such sunshine on a rainy day 
$C: Thanks.
$C: Gross 
$C: And the world needs good people like all of you everyday. Never stop being kind and awesome!
$C: Sorry that you missed out on the gold/silver train 
$C: Sorry I don’t know what that is.  
$C: I don't think anybody in the world constantly thinks about anything, so I'm starting to think you don't have a medical background with which to make a claim like that
$C: But theory is funnnnn
$C: Can you comment this code please?
$C: Good edit. The link between input size and efficiency is what I was going to reply back with. 👍
$C: No such thing
$C: It's important in the sense that the concept is important to have in the back of your mind
$C: It's important as a programmer, not so much as a sysadmin since the code they write is more about config management and automating repetitive tasks and not super concerned about optimal performance since the bottlenecks are more network and i/o bound than cpu bound.  That being said, I'd rather hire a sysadmin that does understand algorithmic efficiency.
$C: I've literally never used it in a professional environment, but then again I didn't learn it in formal education, just through my own reading. The only part you really need to know is why doing x would be more efficient than doing y in z scenario. It's just the logical thought process that's important rather than the notation itself. The actual important part is benchmarks if you're going for performance.
$C: It's only important only in the sense that you should have a reason (that you can defend) for whichever sort you are using
$C: The majority of developers, sysadmins, and network engineers care less about efficiency than they do reliability, stability, and security of a system.  


These days everyone has so much processing power and memory that it doesn't really matter if your program is optimally efficient.  


I think Universities only emphasize it so much because out of those four metrics (reliability, stability, security, and efficiency) it's the hardest to optimize.
$C: Out of professional interest, what do you spend most of your time at work doing? Since the company I work for only has around 100 people sysadmin for our production servers actually falls under my responsibilities as a member of the operations team. And apart from aws annoyances I find I don't really have to do anything more than add new devs keys to the servers.

Do you not write occasional scripts for software installation, server setup, etc?
$C: That's true only for a space complexity limited to O(n), you have more efficient algorithms if you sacrifice space, for instance: [Self-index sorting](http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download?doi=10.1.1.90.1911&rep=rep1&type=pdf)
$C: Oh no, I broke it.  
$C: F
$C: PLOT TWIST: The puppies pooped and pissed all over the school, making him too busy to talk to the kids. 
$C: Right? I just watched it wife my wife and we were both tearing up. There are some great ones in that series. Enjoy!
$C: Man, I'm glad I put this out here. Story Corps is my favorite part of my local public radio. The stuff they air and archive is a *precious* commodity. More than anything else, you can go and listen and feel the history of our country better than any book could hope to muster.
$C: Yeah, same here. I worked at a Speedway in a white-trashy town close to a big city in Michigan
$C: It's because we don't want people being responsible for workplace accidents, whether they're following the rules or not, because that's often going to lead to people becoming destitute.
$C: I added a source to my comment to clarify that I'm not fluent in Spanish. But when I was in Spain, even the professors/students usually used tu except when they really wanted to be *very* professional (like super formal).
$C: Not really. I'm Mexican and from California. I use usted when I'm talking to anyone older than myself, in a professional setting, or with someone I'm not familiar with. It's a sign of respect and you can usually go down to using tu once a relationship has been established.

But I would get weird looks if I used tu when addressing any of my Tias or Tios without using usted. 

A lot of people actually like when you address them with usted. They feel like you've complimented them in a way. 
$C: I’m trained as a Geologist. I did well in school and won awards, but life hit me like a bag of bricks and shit happened. Now I work a menial job which I’m still happy with, and plan to become a professional geologist in the near future, but there is a lot more to a school’s custodial work than just cleaning shit. There is a lot of maintenance of equipment and technical skill you need to have. Manual labor should not mean a short paycheck. Manual skilled labor should pay even more, and it shouldn’t even be a question that a field that requires a degree should pay very well. We all need to be paid more. 
$C: Where I am I make about $1800 after taxes.

Rent and utilities for a studio are about $800 to $900 throw in a car payment, insurance, phone bills, food, and small things like Netflix and I'm at about $1500 a month. It's totally doable. It just isn't super comfortable. Only having a few hundred dollar buffer for saving and going out is hard.
$C: >Someone who practices linguistic prescription is a prescriptivist. The fact that you're arguing semantics right now confirms it lmao.

I never denied being a presciptivist. I am. What I'd dispute is that presciptivism necessitates being picky about trivial subjects. The two do not mean the same thing, so you calling me picky and concerned with trivialities is different to calling me presciptivist... Why would I consider it wrong for you to do that?

>The fact that you're arguing semantics right now confirms it lmao.

By this logic you are also a presciptivist, as you are currently arguing semantics and doing so in a prescriptive nature. Just something to consider. 

>Devolving means change to a lesser form. Calling something a lesser form and advocating for its "better" one seems pretty much like calling it wrong to me.

Oh, it's incorrect, for sure. You're neutering the word only to immediately gender it again. I thought you meant morally wrong. My mistake. Though I would say better doesn't automatically mean right and worse doesn't automatically mean wrong. I like eggs better than asparagus but that doesn't make asparagus wrong or eggs right. 

>You don't actually find the term nonsensical. The "sense" of it got across to you.

Yes, the sense of what the speaker was communicating got across. Making a gendered word gender-neutral only to immediately follow it with a gender is nonsensical to me. As in, illogical or ridiculous. I know what the speaker is saying but I don't understand why they're communicating it in such a clumsy, pointless way.

>That figure of speech was purely to indicate you disagree with its use, which would make it appalling to you.

Well now you're just putting words in my mouth. I'm not appalled, lol. I'm baffled and find it ridiculous. It immediately tells me the speaker is not an intellectual, though, which is useful information. 

>I find it hella weird that you're taking a phrase from Latin America and you're proclaiming its use as borrowed language by a Latin American to be "nonsense".

I'm not. I'm saying the phrase itself is nonsense (as is the rest of the paragraph this quote is taken from). I never made the argument that language doesn't evolve and that different cultures cannot borrow words, nor would I.

What I would do, however, is say that latinx is a stupid, unnecessary word. I don't see the value in the current trend of inventing words to fulfill the agenda of gender politics. I find it distasteful and I reject the implicit demands that I adapt my speech to incorporate clumsy, ugly, ill-conceived words just to protect your delusional self-concept. 

"Latinx girl" is even more stupid - since latinx is a replacement for latina/latino and latina would obviously be the right word to use instead. If you want to say latinx to make something gender neutral, fine. I'll tolerate it, even though it seems pointless to me. But if you say you're a latinx boy or girl then you are an idiot.
$C: you guys are all amazing. Thank you for the good vibes. 
$C: I swear, these comments made such a big smile on my face! 
$C: And sometimes it’s like rain on your wedding day. Reddit is so ironic!
$C: And sometimes it's a dude making art with feces
$C: Sometimes when it's cold outside, Reddit is the month of May
$C: Seriously this. I was having a bad day a few months ago and posted how I was proud of the book I'm writing on an ask Reddit thread, and the response and interest I received was enough to make me cry happy tears. Reddit can be such a force for good. 
$C: Never upvoted a thread so fast in my life.
$C: And on every other day, it's prequel memes.
$C: It snowed here today but I’ll take it :)
$C: And sometimes it's a shiitake show... Well. Most of the time it's a show... But always entertaining.
$C: That's even better, because that means you get to hear this for the first time!

https://youtu.be/n36hDSK-vhA


(ps - yes, I'm old.) 
$C: It doesn’t take s PHD to realize the OP has been spending a little too much time obsessing over Trump, if he’s bringing asinine statements like he said into a non - political picture. 

Like he is literally assuming Trump supporters will rage at the picture because the Janitor is black, in essence. If you can’t see what a weird, toxic view of everything is then I think you may also have a few screws loose. 

$C: I wanted you all to know that I really appreciated this fleeting little conversation between complete strangers
$C: YOU READ MY COMMENT

NOW FECK OFF
$C: ///<summary>  
///Here Be Dragons  
///</summary>
$C: Haha yeah, that just popped up into my head just after typing out the message, figured that would be relevant to add. I think that companies are going to be finding themselves dealing with input sizes that rapidly are increasing, and if their software developers don't prioritize any amount of time efficiency optimization they will definitely face some bottlenecks. But for the time being at least, for a lot of smaller - medium companies (that aren't based around data science), it's just not a large priority at the moment. 
$C: I've talked with some indie game devs and usually one of their top priorities is optimization so that random beta tester who games on a potato but has fantastic advice can keep playing
$C: Big O definitely matters for some businesses or industries. 

The company I work for literally spent the last year and a half optimizing our system for efficiency. Now that means we were spending a handful of devs a week using at least some of every day working to locate and recode inefficiencies. Ultimately it was thousands of hours just to make things faster. 

We serve clients who expect extremely complicated algorithms to run at the drop of a hat. So it's not every place, but it definitely matters. 
$C: 700 employees, 9 buildings, all local infrastructure except for Office 365. We recently completely switched over from VMWare to Nutanix so learning an entirely new VM system has been interesting. I do know powershell but I don't consider that programming. I manage most of the management systems but I can't even think of all of them at the moment. Plus we only have 1 desktop support guy so I end up helping and with 700 people that ends up being a lot of calls.
$C: Noooooooooo
$C: But if they are responsible for an accident, they should be liable. If the company is responsible, they should be liable. It's root logic. The one that causes the incident is responsible, or should be. 
$C: Ah, thanks
$C: Thank you for the clarification! That's honestly the first time I've gotten an explanation of the subject that I can grasp.
$C: I work landscape so I'm manual labor too not some white collar saying they shouldn't get paid well. But nearly everyone can do manual labor not everyone can teach. And yeah of course they do more than clean I'm just comparing teacher vs custodian paychecks. I think teachers deserve more. 
$C: Huh, ok. Tbf, my wife and I don’t have a car payments, but she also makes a little more than that. I’d forgotten she got a raise this year, so she’s at ~14.50/hr now, while I just got past 12$ today (got a 75cent raise from 11:50 to 12:25 with my yearly review) and I’m part time. I couldn’t live alone, but definitely she could. 

I hope that situation looks up for you, man. We definitely couldn’t buy a house, and we don’t save much, and what we do save isn’t saved longs term, it just last until something expensive comes up. 
$C: I feel like my heart grew 3 sizes today. 
$C: I’m a grumpy grumpkin because of my slumpy pumpkin

But you all just made my day better
$C: Cool it with them negative waves, Moriarty! Woof Woof!
$C: Naturally, Frank.

(I'm not actually in the thread, I just wanted to mention your username.)
$C: Yay. Happy 
$C: I love you guys. Seriously. Always know someone out there loves you for you. ❤
$C: And that means ALL of you, even the lurkers who keep their good vibes to them selves.  
$C: I love you all!  Good vibes all around!
$C: So much love 😭
$C: Oh God, this is so beautiful :') 
$C: IM JUST HERE FOR THE GOLD.

*HERE COMES THE MONEY*
$C: I love you all
$C: Reddit has a little something for everyone!
$C: One of these comments isn't like the rest 
$C: Thanks for sharing!  I’m old too!  We should trade walkers sometime.  :)
$C: I appreciate your comment.
$C: Segmentation fault (core dumped)
$C: Well put. 

Good day sir!
$C: I mean, anything that you want to run in realtime has to consider this to some extent- searching, sorting, word/sentence completion, primality testing, modular arithmetic, etc. This is especially important when you’re serving millions of people tens of millions of times each day. That’s why places like Google and Amazon focus so much on this in their interviews.
$C: How far out is the break even on those investment dollars?
$C: Those devs who were refactoring the code, did any of them actually use big O notation, or did they just apply logical thought and run benchmarks?
$C: Oh for sure it's important sometimes. Like in computer graphics they're always pushing the limits of how to render bigger and more beautifully detailed worlds at higher framerates, and clever programming (along with better hardware) is what makes that possible.

Maybe I didn't stress enough that some places really care a whole lot, but the majority do not.
$C: Accidents happen at work.  They shouldn't ruin someone's life. 
 Ultimately, it's the responsibility of the company to make sure their people are trained and the environment is safe.  And companies are more able to provide insurance and protection for their people than individuals are for themselves.
$C: You probably know a lot about landscaping, and your pay should reflect the skill it takes to do your job. Not only that, but not everyone likes or can even do manual labor. I appreciate what you do though. My job can sometimes be very rigorous and it can sometimes suck, and my body pays a toll for what I do. At least I get a workout from it. We are definitely on the same page though. Teachers need more $$$. It isn’t babysitting. 
$C: Ya in actuality I just have a lot of bills. Without a car payment and full coverage insurance I'd be at about $1000-$1200 total. Cars paid off in 2019 though. So I have that going for me, which is nice. 2019 might be the year I can finally fish myself out of debt. 
$C: You might wanna keep an eye on that and go see a doctor if it doesn’t stop growing... just looking out for you u/NotMyFirstAlternate! 
$C: ::hug:: good
$C: Gods what movie was that? Kelly’s hero’s?
$C: Heh thank you for noticing, :) ::high five::
$C: Just dealt with 3hrs of debugging that shit. Last thing I want to see on Reddit.
$C: It was actually yesterday. 
$C: I worked at a place who's software ran on a server/thin-client architecture.  There wasn't a software developer at the company that didn't demonstrate an understanding of big-O notion during the interview process.  

There was once a code change implemented by an engineer with less than a year's experience that made an impact that was not fully understood/tested during development and QA.  As a result of this change, our servers were crippled for a solid 48 hours before it could be resolved.  That 48 hours meant limited-to-no client connections were functional, and an engineering staff of several hundred was told to not even attempt to login while the issue was being resolved.

If I remember correctly, this happened during our peer review season, so we the time was able to be filled with non-dev work.  Still, it cost the company millions of dollars. 

Big-O notion is still a very very real thing. 
$C: No reason accidents should ruin anyone's life, they just need to buy general liability insurance. It's what contractors do, if they're nervous on making a mistake.

Again, I'm saying they should be liable only if they themselves are the root cause of the accident. 

If they're working with a forklift and the forklift malfunctions, causing it to drop a whole case of wine as an example, that's not the worker's fault, but the company for not maintaining the forklift. 

But if the forklift operator crashes accidentally into a corner, causing the same mess, then it is his fault. How anyone can think of that situation and blame the company is beyond me, that's ludicrous. 
$C: Nice! Keep on trucking, dude. Nothing like being debt free. 
$C: Agreed
$C: I truly needed that comments chain, and I did not even knew it ! Thanks !
$C: Yessir!
$C: 🥇
$C: Missing this? }
$C: I think you misunderstood. I'm saying that understanding big O notation is important, the logical process behind it and how your code efficiency differs depending on how you write it. But no one actually uses big O notation, literally never seen it happen. You simply figure out how you could write something to be more efficient and benchmark properly. Also I think it's unfair of you to put all of that on the junior developer, code reviews, testing and qa exist for a reason, and to chalk all of it up to lack of understanding big O notation seems intentionally misleading
$C: The thing with insurance is that companies are better suited to provide for everyone than individuals are to provide for themselves.  When you're at work, everyone is a team.  Nobody is in it for themselves.  If you make a mistake like accidentally crashing a forklift, and aren't intoxicated, violating procedures, etc., the employer should take care of it.
$C: I fixed it, there was something affecting my loop which made my array point out of bounds and caused an overflow in my char array.
$C: Yeah, I didn't explain myself very well and went off on a bit of a tangent with that story.  Discussions about Big O came up pretty routinely in our code reviews.  It's how we talked the efficiency of the code we were working on.  

And yeah, junior engineers definitely had a ton of leeway right off the bat and different groups had different levels of thoroughness with their code review process.  I've haven't been there for many years, but I'm pretty sure they had been continuously working towards clamping down on those issues.  

$C: > The thing with insurance is that companies are better suited to provide for everyone than individuals are to provide for themselves.

Maybe, that's not really the point though. I'm not discussing pragmatism here, I'm discussing root logic and philosophy. 

> When you're at work, everyone is a team. Nobody is in it for themselves

Yeah no, my mind doesn't operate like that. We're individuals, not cogs in a corporate machine. 

> If you make a mistake like accidentally crashing a forklift, and aren't intoxicated, violating procedures, etc., the employer should take care of it.

I think we just have different fundamental axioms so we won't agree on the principle. 
$C: Ah, off by one errors are classic. Understanding when you want i or i-1 is key. That, and where to put your break / return statement. 

Remember to verbalize your code!
$C: >I'm discussing root logic and philosophy.

Lol, well when people's lives are in the balance you want to go with pragmatism.

>Yeah no, my mind doesn't operate like that. 

But the workplace does.  This model is the foundation for all areas of employment law, insurance, etc.

>I think we just have different fundamental axioms so we won't agree on the principle.

Mine is based on the long-established model for employment law, insurance, etc. and yours is purely philosophical and doesn't have any root in the real world, except maybe in the industrial era when the primitive workplace-employee relationship resulted in the every man for himself environment you want that led to the problems that resulted in the creation of the system we have today.
$C: I wish it was one of those. I think I resolved my issue by clearing a misplaced break statement that should have been put outside of this separate loop.
$C: > Lol, well when people's lives are in the balance you want to go with pragmatism.

Well no, if you abandon principle when things get tough or risky, then you don't actually have principles. It's like saying free speech is valuable until someone says something I don't like. 

> But the workplace does. This model is the foundation for all areas of employment law, insurance, etc.

I don't disagree with that. I'm just saying it's dumb and collectivist in nature. 

> Mine is based on the long-established model for employment law, insurance, etc. and yours is purely philosophical and doesn't have any root in the real world, except maybe in the industrial era when the primitive workplace-employee relationship resulted in the every man for himself environment you want that led to the problems that resulted in the creation of the system we have today.

That's a false comparison, and you know it. The reason we have better workplace environments now has nothing to do with the explosion of bureaucracy and collectivism, and everything to do with the exponential increase in wealth that we've experienced. When the whole of society is near-to dirt poor, of course workplace conditions are going to be horrific. 
$C: >Well no, if you abandon principle when things get tough or risky, then you don't actually have principles. 

The way workplace law works is a deeply-grounded principle built on decades of laws and legal precedent.  You're challenging it kind of based on nothing.

>The reason we have better workplace environments now has nothing to do with the explosion of bureaucracy and collectivism, and everything to do with the exponential increase in wealth that we've experienced.

That's kind of backwards.  In the industrial era, magnates of industry were very wealthy and, if you lost a finger at work, you were just fired and that was it.  We decided that didn't work for us, we changed the laws, and now families aren't ruined because of work accidents.  The security that comes with knowing that an accident at work won't ruin you is part of a positive quality of life that allows the country to thrive.
$C: > The way workplace law works is a deeply-grounded principle built on decades of laws and legal precedent. You're challenging it kind of based on nothing.

There's no principle to be found in the law here, only collectivism and removed accountability.

I'm challenging it based on root logic as I said. The person who commits the accident, who is at fault, should bear the liability. This is as straightforward as anyone can get. 

> That's kind of backwards. In the industrial era, magnates of industry were very wealthy and, if you lost a finger at work, you were just fired and that was it.

I never said there weren't wealthy individuals, I said the whole of society was dirt poor. Wealth elevates everyone but it's not at the same pace. 

>  We decided that didn't work for us, we changed the laws, and now families aren't ruined because of work accidents. 

Nope. Cart before the horse. Individuals made businesses, got filthy rich, businesses produced wealth for all of society, and as a result, workplace conditions improve. Has absolutely nothing to do with laws. 

> The security that comes with knowing that an accident at work won't ruin you is part of a positive quality of life that allows the country to thrive.

That same security can be provided at very little cost by each individual purchasing liability insurance. It's so damn simple, this isn't even remotely a problem. Heck, companies themselves in a free market would often negotiate better liability insurance packages for their employees. 

It really is sad when people think we need the overwhelming force of the government to correct things that aren't even problems to begin with. 
$C: >There's no principle to be found in the law here, only collectivism and removed accountability.

Okay, obviously you lack the knowledge of history to discuss this properly.  I'd start with the first statewide workman's comp laws enacted in the latter half of the nineteenth century and work your way up to FELA, FECA, etc. in the progressive era.  You're trying to use your personal, uneducated philosophy to challenge a system that is very well-grounded in decades of law and honed by experts of employment law it just sounds like this is the first you've heard of how our employment law system works.
$C: Like I said before, you put the cart before the horse. 

It's like claiming the civil rights bill ended racism. No. Racism was ending, which is what allowed the law to pass. Laws don't change culture or generate wealth. 
$C: Uhhhh, racism isn't over.  But, the presence of workplaces that can be unsafe without accountability is long over because these laws literally changed the culture.  Employers didn't make the workplace safer because they were rich, they did it because of laws from the Safety Appliance Act to worker compensation laws, which encouraged employers to make workplaces safer so they could avoid compensation claims, all the way to the OSHA law.  And safer workplaces obviously lead to a higher, more prosperous quality of life.
$C: >  But, the presence of workplaces that can be unsafe without accountability is long over because these laws literally changed the culture

And I'm saying workplace safety would be where it is now without those laws, because employees would demand it. And their demands are met when they have options. They have options when societies are wealthy. 

> Employers didn't make the workplace safer because they were rich, they did it because of laws from the Safety Appliance Act to worker compensation laws, which encouraged employers to make workplaces safer so they could avoid compensation claims, all the way to the OSHA law. And safer workplaces obviously lead to a higher, more prosperous quality of life.

Nope. Workplace safety was increasing long before OSHA was created. It has nothing to do with it. 
$C: >And I'm saying workplace safety would be where it is now without those laws, because employees would demand it. 

Definitely not.  Employees demanding it would have been fired and replaced.  You can tell because this is how it worked for the 100 years in between when the industrial revolution started and when those laws were passed.  Nobody volunteered to be accountable for workplace safety until the government mandated it.  Employees helped move that along through unions of course, but it wasn't as smooth as you make it seem.  They had to fight bloody wars to be able to make demands and have their demands met until legislation like the Clayton Act passed.

>Workplace safety was increasing long before OSHA was created

OSHA standardized everything under federal law.  Organizing the hodgepodge of federal and state laws under one federal department made the laws easier to enforce and follow.
$C: > Definitely not. Employees demanding it would have been fired and replaced.

Nope. If this were true, no one would be paid above minimum wage, because employers would just fire them and hire people willing to work for minimum wage. It isn't true. Almost no one earns just minimum wage, and almost no one would accept working in horrible unsafe conditions, because there are other options. 

> You can tell because this is how it worked for the 100 years in between when the industrial revolution started and when those laws were passed. Nobody volunteered to be accountable for workplace safety until the government mandated it.

Because they had no options, as society was poor. When society is rich and jobs are plentiful, employees can make demands of their employer. 

> OSHA standardized everything under federal law. Organizing the hodgepodge of federal and state laws under one federal department made the laws easier to enforce and follow.

And workplace safety was increasing for decades prior. It isn't the laws that do this, again, it's employees having options which only happens when societies are wealthy and economies are healthy. 
$C: It's hilarious how you don't realize how everything you're praising with vague, generic language is around because of laws.  Please, find me one instance of a company ensuring workplace safety that was not forced by law.  Find me one example of employees being able to make demands without unions, which people were guaranteed the right to form after decades of war by the Clayton Act.  Find me one example of a company guaranteeing a livable minimum wage before minimum wage laws.

Unions, safety laws (and reliable enforcement by OSHA), and a minimum wage are what created the environment that gives employees the freedom to choose now and confidence in finding a safe, well-paying job is what makes economies healthy and societies wealthy.
$C: > It's hilarious how you don't realize how everything you're praising with vague, generic language is around because of laws. Please, find me one instance of a company ensuring workplace safety that was not forced by law.

Of course I can't, because that's not reported. Income is however, and as I gave my previous example, if employees were at the mere mercy of their employers with no negotiating power, then no one would be earning more than what the government forces companies to pay them. But this is not true, as only 2.3% of hourly workers in the USA earn minimum wage. So not only is it not true, it's almost as false as it can possibly be. And there's no logical reason why people would negotiate for higher pay but not better working conditions. 

> Find me one example of employees being able to make demands without unions, which people were guaranteed the right to form after decades of war by the Clayton Act.

Nothing wrong with unions, but again you reduce yourself back to the force of government. It's lazy to believe humanity can only progress with the use of coercion and implied threats of violence. Lazy and barbaric. 

> Unions, safety laws (and reliable enforcement by OSHA), and a minimum wage are what created the environment that gives employees the freedom to choose now and confidence in finding a safe, well-paying job is what makes economies healthy and societies wealthy.

Nope, **options** are what give people that power, not abstract threats of violence from an external body of power. 
$C: >Of course I can't, because that's not reported.

Yes it is.  People report on innovations in business.  Look at everything we know about Henry Ford's way of doing things.  The first business owner to implement workplace safety would attract a lot of attention.  They would be right up there with Ford, Carnegie, Morgan, Rockefeller, etc. as visionaries of the era.  Of course, that person doesn't exist.

What I'm seeing here is you can't find those examples of the innovations you credit with improving society's health and wealth coming about naturally as opposed to through force by law.
$C: > Yes it is. People report on innovations in business. Look at everything we know about Henry Ford's way of doing things. The first business owner to implement workplace safety would attract a lot of attention.

That isn't an argument. You're making the claim that workplace accidents wouldn't improve without government regulations. So, in your mind, if the government had not created these rules, we'd all be wealthy now with these amazing products and services. High-tech fridges, washers, great clothing, amazing cars that people in the 1850s would believe to be magic. We'd have all of this, but we'd be going to work in dangerous factories all day? Nothing would have changed?

These people, all these hundreds of millions of workers would negotiate for higher pay than what the government forces them to pay us, but wouldn't bother negotiating for a better environment.

I mean.. that lacks any semblance of logic. 

> What I'm seeing here is you can't find those examples of the innovations you credit with improving society's health and wealth coming about naturally as opposed to through force by law.

I'm not going to go hunting for arcane data when your premise has as much logic as there is water in the Sahara Desert. Now if we were all earning minimum wage and companies never paid us a cent beyond that, you'd have a solid foundation for your claim. But as I said before, that's nearly as far from the truth as is possible. 
$C: >So, in your mind, if the government had not created these rules, we'd all be wealthy now with these amazing products and services. High-tech fridges, washers, great clothing, amazing cars that people in the 1850s would believe to be magic. We'd have all of this, but we'd be going to work in dangerous factories all day? Nothing would have changed?

Lmao, a lot of these things are now made in foreign countries with no labor laws or regards for worker safety.  That's what would have happened in the United States without our labor laws.  The products would have gotten made, but people would be poorer and less safe.  There were almost 45,000 workplace deaths in China in 2016, compared to 5,000 in the United States.  Even when you adjust for China's population being 4 times as large, China still has more than twice as many. Which country has labor laws?  

>These people, all these hundreds of millions of workers would negotiate for higher pay than what the government forces them to pay us, but wouldn't bother negotiating for a better environment.

Without the Clayton Act and ensuing laws, people would still have to literally fight for the right to organize.  So what you're saying is, thank god for union laws. 

>I'm not going to go hunting for arcane data

You would if you could find it.  You can't because it doesn't exist. 

I'm still not seeing those examples of the innovations you credit with improving society's health and wealth coming about naturally as opposed to through force by law.
$C: > Lmao, a lot of these things are now made in foreign countries with no labor laws or regards for worker safety. That's what would have happened in the United States without our labor laws. The products would have gotten made, but people would be poorer and less safe. There were almost 45,000 workplace deaths in China in 2016, compared to 5,000 in the United States. Even when you adjust for China's population being 4 times as large, China still has more than twice as many. Which country has labor laws?

China is a communist hell hole, not sure what your point is. In a free market, wealth = higher worker standards. In a communist country, well you see what happens. 

> Without the Clayton Act and ensuing laws, people would still have to literally fight for the right to organize. So what you're saying is, thank god for union laws.

Unions do help, but I've no idea what you're talking about. People could always unionize, it's just that it wasn't always enough to negotiate for better salary or working conditions **because society was so low in wealth and options**. 

Now, even without unions, individuals can easily negotiate for wages far higher than the minimum wage. No government force required. 

> I'm still not seeing those examples of the innovations you credit with improving society's health and wealth coming about naturally as opposed to through force by law.

Innovations? Everything we have as a society is a result of free market innovations, or improvements on government research that was used for other purposes. 
$C: >China is a communist hell hole, not sure what your point is.

And yet, they have all of the technological achievements in the workplace that you say were only made possible because of freedom, or whatever.  No, they have everything we do, minus the laws that protect people at work and their right to unionize.  And you see what happens. 

>Unions do help, but I've no idea what you're talking about. 

Of code, because you don't know what you're talking about.  How can you talk about unions without knowing about the Clayton Act, which ensured people the right to unionize without having to worry about getting fired...or killed

>Now, even without unions, individuals can easily negotiate for wages far higher than the minimum wage

Actually no, people can't easily negotiate without unions.  It's fundamentally harder to negotiate without unions and the fact that our average household income in the country hasn't kept up with the GDP in the last thirty years shows that. 

 I'm still not seeing those examples of the innovations you credit with improving society's health and wealth coming about naturally as opposed to through force by law.
$C: > And yet, they have all of the technological achievements in the workplace that you say were only made possible because of freedom, or whatever. No, they have everything we do, minus the laws that protect people at work and their right to unionize. And you see what happens.

They didn't invent them, they adopted them from us. 

They are literally an authoritarian state, of course they will oppress their citizens. I'm saying in a free market where people have options and the freedom to leave their jobs, move to where better jobs are, negotiate freely with their employers, form unions voluntarily, etc... in those conditions and with out wealth as a nation now, workplace laws are as superfluous as the minimum wage. 

> Of code, because you don't know what you're talking about. How can you talk about unions without knowing about the Clayton Act, which ensured people the right to unionize without having to worry about getting fired...or killed

Because it's irrelevant. People shouldn't have the force of government behind them when negotiating with their employer. That's barbaric. 

Now, being protected from assault or murder is obviously a different ballgame. 

> Actually no, people can't easily negotiate without unions. It's fundamentally harder to negotiate without unions and the fact that our average household income in the country hasn't kept up with the GDP in the last thirty years shows that.

The reasons for that are because the economy is crap. People can only negotiate to the extent that they have valid alternative options. If I go into my boss's office and ask for a raise, there are two avenues of leverage, typically. Either I can state that I provide more value than I am receiving, and should get a raise as a result. Which to a fair-minded boss if this is accurate, could result in a raise. 

But it's somewhat flimsy, because you have nothing else behind you. Now if you are a good worker and hard to replace, and also make the point that you have a few offers for jobs elsewhere, now you're in a position of negotiating power.

And if you have a union behind you where more than just you will quit or strike (all voluntary), now you have as much leverage as is ethically possible.

It doesn't mean it always works. Sometimes the boss will still refuse and send you on your way. That's when you make good on your threat and choose a different job. But doing all this wouldn't make sense unless those other options are true. To bluff this.. well that can work, but it's risky. 

> I'm still not seeing those examples of the innovations you credit with improving society's health and wealth coming about naturally as opposed to through force by law.

Just recently, we have spaceX lowering the cost of launches to orbit tenfold.

And next, he plans to establish an entire satellite network via low-earth orbit, for low-cost low-ping reliable worldwide internet access.

Then there is the internet itself, sparked by the military, but converted into the most economically productive invention in human history. 
$C: I read this inane rant and you're still just speaking in vague terms about how laws didn't lead to higher wages, safer workplaces, and unions, but being unable to specifically name any instances of these things being developed without laws.

 Again, where are the examples of the innovations you credit with improving society's health and wealth coming about naturally as opposed to through force by law?  It might be challenging for a libertarian to do, but you're going to have to talk about the real world, not philosophy. 
