I'm that sibling

$C: Flick... Heh, flick flick flick.. Hehehe
$C: I love that the instant you flip the switch it sounds like they are on a roller coaster.
$C: What if the Ouija board is making you do that? 
$C: Great! all I need is some sisters, friends, Ouija board, and a circuit breaker.
$C: So simple. So brilliant.
$C: I pulled something similar.  I was like 17, sis was 13.  I was getting home from work and she had like 10 or so friends over.  It was late and they were telling ghost stories in the dark.  I let the house get really silent while one of their "the killer was calling their victims" stories was reaching the twist.  Called the home phone (they use to be a real thing) with my cellphone and proceeded to laugh my ass off while 10 or so girls screamed bloody murder and ran out or around the house in horrid panic.  Parents were cool about it and laughed their asses off once i stopped laughing and explained what happened.  Good times
$C: I once went outside when I was younger and called my sister and her friend while they were watching the ring from an unknown number and whispered “you’ll die in 7 days”

I heard their screams from my front yard.
$C: * Hits wrong breaker.  
* Lights in breaker room go off.  
* Sister and friends hear a terrified scream from downstairs.
$C: You are a good *sibling*. They’ll talk about that for weeks 

There better? 
$C: This is great. I have 5 sisters and a great tactic I used was, when I was home alone I would practice screaming in a high shrill/shear panic, horror movie type scream. Got it down pretty good and would just let it out when the house was quiet just for fun. I never realised how effective it was untill one of them got me with it. For about 5 seconds my heart was in my throat, I don't think I even moved. I have never felt terror like that before. I'm pretty sure it has something to do with the psychology of hearing  someone in that level of distress, it instantly kicks in the fight or flight response.
$C: [deleted]
$C: As a fellow older sibling:  I salute thee.  

May you go the movies without having to bring them along.

May you go on a car trip and have them sit silent.

May you not have to watch your parents get them a much nicer car for their 16th.

May you be allowed to have stuff at your age that they don't also have until they are your age.
$C: did this to my sister before she was ~~Stomping around her room~~ "Dancing" we flicked the power in her room off and on quick she came running down and in a panic said her power went off in my quick wit i said was you jumping up and down because that can cause it to disconnect from the rest of the house she never jumped around her room again it was good

Edit: People really like punctuation 
$C: We did this at a party once! Some of the kids had holed themselves up in a bedroom with the Ouiji board. The parents were tired of them not coming out so we went to the breaker and the Dad flipped the switch. Intense screaming occurred and when we went inside, the board had been broken, two of the girls were sobbing and one other was already running down the street. We had to chase her down and bring her back. It was great, well done OP.
$C: I'm reminded of that flashback scene in *Amelie* where she wants revenge at the guy for telling her her camera kills people (it's that kind of movie).

She sits on the roof of his house listening to the big game on a radio and casually shuts off the cable whenever a goal is about to be scored.
$C: I was visiting at friend's house when her 8 year old sister and friends came into the house and announced they were going to have a seance in the basement.

I suggested the 12 year go too.

"Why would I play with the little kids?"

"Because you're going to turn on the intercom in the room next to theirs."

Giggling, she went.

As the girls started a chant, I walked over to the intercom in the kitchen.

"Don't do it, Big", my friends mom told me. "It's button six." She added.

"Oh Prince of the dark, speak to us." the girls yelled.

"What do you want be to say?" I asked through the intercom.

They came screaming up the steps.


$C: In my 7th grade religion class, there was this one guy who was always talking about different religions and satan. One day he announces, "I summon Satan!" After the poor sophomore student teacher deals with this kid, the lights go out. Everyone in the classroom is freaking out while this kid just smiles.
$C: Why talk to demons on the other side when your brother's the devil?
$C: my dad and i did this to my sister and her friends, had a massive laugh, then a few days later got blamed for one of the girls going crazy and talking to her locker... so it gave us like 20 years of laughter

edit: yay top comment and its about me and my dad laughing at the misery of some poor girl!

edit 2: some people on here are just as crazy as my sisters friend 
$C: What will my next evil move be?
$C: Oh my god, I was just in such a foul mood. Those little girls screaming for their lives instantly restored me back to 100%. Too funny. Can’t wait to do this to my yet-to-be-born children. 
$C: Will any damage happen if you switch it back and forth so quickly?
$C: Ahhh... the simple and easy are the best!

Great One!
$C: Now dress up in a sheet and barge in
$C: “An oujia”
$C: Years ago when I was around 10 or so I was having a birthday party and I had just recently got a new Quija board and wanted to show it off.  We were set up in the living room; it's night time and we've got the lights turned off and were chatting with our lovely new ghost friend. What's your name, how did you die, the typical stuff.  It's starting to get boring so someone decided to ask that they give us a sign that they were really here. Immediately after the question something starts banging on the window and the lot of us start screaming our heads off. 

My mom comes running wondering who got murdered while we're trying to tell her that we summoned a demon and we need to call a priest.  She just shakes her head and goes out to the hall towards the front door.  Turns out she ordered us a bunch of pizza and when the delivery guy arrived he had heard what we were doing through the open window and waited for just the right time so he could scare the shit out of us.  I applaud that pizza dude and I hope my mom gave him a nice tip!
$C: Older Siblings are the evil siblings.

Edit: Removed Comma
$C: My dad once got my brother and me an ouija board to bring back to my mother’s house because she’s an extremely superstitious woman and he enjoyed getting under her skin. She found it, ripped it up, and threw it away because “demons”.
A week later the ouija board shows back up on the front door, taped up and in working condition. My mom flips out and drove us over to a friends house.
Turns out my brother told my dad about his new toy being ripped up and he “saved it and gave it back”.
$C: All I'm thinking about is the fact that she had to reset her alarm clock now. It's probably PM so she has to hold that button down until it's rolls around all the way to the evening time. 
$C: [And that's why your mom doesn't fucking love you.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AkKiLaxXjAA)
$C: They set themselves up by playing with a [Luigi board.](https://youtu.be/15nNY7uofNw)
$C: Absolutely genius. Absolutely destructive.

edit: there is no O in genius.
$C: The girls were like "so uh...send us a sign if this is working? Can you hear us?!" -cue lights flashing- AHHHHHH!!
$C: I still regret not doing this on NYE 1999. Everyone was a little bit worried Y2K would actually happen and while I don't think I would have gotten this reaction, I know some adults would have gotten a little bit concerned. Could have been great.
$C: Next level savage.
$C: As the father of five teenage girls, I can tell you there's a keen difference in the pitch and intensity of a scream that occurs from excitement and a scream from true, sheer, teenager terror. 

You sir, have achieved on the highest plain of pure terror and for that I salute you. 
$C: I had to put my dog to sleep today. He was the greatest dog on earth. I’m a sobbing mess. THIS made me laugh out loud. Thank you so much. I really really needed this. (Still laughing)
$C: [deleted]
$C: Who plays with a Ouija board with the lights on?
$C: As a fellow older brother myself, this deserves a slow clap.
$C: These are the jokes I want kids today to play on each other, not the ones where they damage other people’s property or hurt each other.
$C: One time when I was about 9 I asked my mom for a oujia board for christmas, she laughed and said yeah right. My mom is religious and wouldn't allow it. My dad of course says no because whatever mom says goes.

Christmas morning a present showed up that was in different paper and writing I never saw. It said "To: Kendra, From: ?". I opened it up and of COURSE it's a oujia board. My parents were acting really confused. I played with it some and then put it under my bed and started playing with other toys. I went to get it back out and it was gone. It literally disappeared from thin air, no one came in. 

I'm 33 and my parents still swear up and down that they have no idea where it came from or where it went...I believe them. 
$C: All credit goes to Jake Hessing. Original video at:

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=TNiPgtrM740
$C: If you listen closely, you can hear them praying.
$C: A co-ordinated effort to do something similar could be really fucking awesome. 

So, planner A brings a couple friends over to play with a Ouija board, and planner B sets up a few key items. Assuming the Circuit Breakers are in a basement area with an openable window, you'd want to obtain a ghost prop (ideally with LED lights), and a pulley. 

Set up the pulley so that the Ghost Prop will be visible in the Ouija room when pulled, and that you can pull the pulley from within the basement. 

Then set up a camera and/or microphone in the Ouija room, and some way to access the feed from the basement. Good timing will be essential. You'll also want to make sure these have their own batteries. Planner A will have to make sure the Victims aren't aware.

Then Planner A deliberately leads the game in such a way that the flickering of the lights will be *fucking horrifying*, like maybe the spirit of a murderer, and then pull on the pulley, and a ghost will levitate into the window view. 

$C: computers rebooting.. hard drives crashing .. still worth it
$C: My brother took my chromecast to his room without my permission. Doesn't bother me but sometimes I'll boot it up in the middle of the night and start a playlist of horror movie trailers just to mess with him.
$C: [relevant hilarious video](https://youtu.be/15nNY7uofNw)
$C: I used this tactic New Years Eve 1999. 
It was great.  Never forget y2k.
$C: Plot twist: He's actually flipping the wrong switch, and the girls are getting murdered by a serial killer.
$C: Says the kid whos about to learn how to replace a breaker. 
$C: Annoying siblings can be easily disposed of by giving them PTSD
$C: Nosferatu
$C: Try not to operate breakers under load. Increases the chance they will short circuit, and that is not a fun time when your hand is on it.
$C: Is it just me, or did anyone else say "an Ouija board," out loud a few times?
$C: I'm a 27 year old dude and I'd be screaming way fucking louder than that 
$C: A good 10 minutes after seeing this post, I was just scrolling through my feed and I started hearing random little girls screaming from what I thought was outside my house. It scared the shit out of me. Reddit, please fix the bug that keeps videos playing while I’m scrolling through my feed.
$C: Did this during Y2K to my mom and stepdad. Breaker was in our bedroom and my sister and I decided to see what would happen if we flipped the master breaker at midnight. My mom flipped her shit and stepdad went into survival mode for about 30 seconds.
$C: As a sibling: Hahaha  
As someone in an electrical field: Holy shit no don't do that
$C: I didn't realize it had sound when I first saw it, then I read the comments and played it again with sound and holy crap 100x better 
$C: So much better with sound! 💀😱
$C: Story time.  I literally did this to scare my littlest brother when he was 5 years old.  I am the oldest brother, I must have been about 14 when this happened.  My middle brother put on the Scream mask and robe... chased my littlest brother around while I flipped the breakers.  My middle brother then pretended to kill me while my youngest brother watched.  I smeared ketchup all over a plane white t-shirt.  He peed his pants.  I laughed the hardest I had until that point in my life.  Karma set in that summer when the air conditioner wouldn't work in my bedroom.  It didn't for the next 4 years.  My mother wasn't one to run the AC anyways, but on scorchers she would.  Would work everywhere in the house except the bedroom that my middle brother and I shared.  I was too young to associate how the AC was connected to this as well, until after I came back home from being at college and it was 100 degrees up there.  When I fixed it and realized the error of my ways in a lot of ways I knew I deserved all those sweaty nights for doing that to him.  ...but holy shit was it funny at the time.
$C: *Screaming intensifys*
$C: So delightfully evil heheheheeh
$C: Lol, lol, lol, lol
$C: Wish I'd done this to my siblings. 
$C: My friend's mom did that to us during a slumber party and we were all legit paralyzed with fear. Haven't had my chance yet to pay it forward. I'll live vicariously through you tonight!
$C: Did this at a New Year's Eve party on y2k at the stroke of midnight, one of my proudest moments.
$C: The screams make this brilliant 
$C: When I was around 15, and my sister around 10, I put an RC car up in the attic above her bedroom.  I would rev it up and drive around late at night when she had friends over.
$C: Ouija look at that!
$C: Plot twist: One of the friends got possessed and is trying to kill the others but his switch flipping is making it harder for the others to escape the room.
$C: Don’t see why everybody’s giving this guy reddit gold... he clearly already has some on his circuit breaker.
$C: Ur a dick but yet brilliant and hysterical 
$C: They're going to be grown adults one day thinking they contacted the dead 😂 
$C: Can u burn a Luigi board?
$C: True happiness is found in the simple things in life
$C: This is the first post I've looked at this morning. The bar has been set pretty high for the rest of the day.
$C: I remember playing ouija board with some friends in high school. We had some high back wooden chairs with large flat armrests, so we put some candles on the ends of the armrests, and had two people sit facing each other with the board on their knees.

We asked the ouija board who was talking to us, and of course my friends had it spell out s-a-t-a-n, but just as they did that, the glass containers holding the candles got too hot and shattered. 

So we all started running around the house in a panic, and then just when we settled down again, my dad came home from work, peeked in the window and saw what we were doing, so he snuck around the back of the house and banged loudly on the back door.

More screaming and panicked running around ensued. 
$C: This is why mom doesnt FUCKING LOVE YOU!
$C: What he doesnt know is that the Quija board made him do it
$C: Had a house party on New Years Eve 1999 while everyone was freaking out about Y2K, decided at midnight to shut the breakers off in the house. Every one started panicking and freaking out. Was a great laugh, good way to start the millennium, lol. Great job on the big sisters part. 
$C: Nosferatu!
$C: No problem :) sorry about your dog ♥️ 
$C: OP, how do you pronounce “ouija”?? Wouldn’t it just be “a ouija board”?
$C: This will be buried, but I did this same thing on the stroke of midnight at my house's NYE party when 1999 turned into 2000. Given the Y2K hysteria, it was glorious.
$C: This is an awesome prank, but you *have* you tell them. Otherwise you just created a whole squad of ghost hunters/believers. 
$C: How old are they? This is a fantastic move.
$C: I did something similar in college cause my buddies thought the house was haunted for some reason, might've got high too much in there. The master bedroom had a giant closet (like 10'x10') that you had to walk through to get into the main room. I found out some time back that a hallway closet on the top of the stairs also controls the light in that master bedroom closet for some reason. They always left that light on in that closet and they always smoked in that room. They talked about pranking this one guy constantly when he would come over but never did so I decided to play prank on them all instead - party night like 10 people in there and I started flipping the switch from the other closet. Mass exodus ensues and I'm trying to hold back laughter as they run past my closet down the stairs. It took them like two weeks to finally find out I did it and it wasn't a ghost.
$C: is "an" really right here?
$C: An Ouija board?
I know you are supposed to add the n when the following word starts with a vowel, but it just sounds off.
Non native speaker here.
$C: Someone gilded his panel box
$C: A few minutes after midnight on the morning of January 1, 2000, I sneaked into the room where the breaker box was and shut the power off. My mom was hosting a New Year's party and everyone freaked the fuck out. They thought "Y2K" had happened. I ran into the living room with a flash light and yelled "GOTCHA!" then ran back out, laughing like a maniac.

My mom's friends still give me shit about that to this day =)
$C: Never tell them. They'll talk about it for years.
$C: I get so unreasonably mad when I see it spelt/pronounced *an* ouija board. It just sounds wrong with the way ouija is pronounced.
$C: Fuckin brilliant, that'll teach em
$C: Hawaii after the emergency alert.

*too soon?*
$C: I'm that sibling. Glad to know I'm not the only one
$C: This is by far the funniest thing I've ever seen on Reddit hahaha

edit: ok no Im just drunk
$C: Wait 20 years before telling her.
$C: Next time, flick it on and off while your friends wear Chewbacca costumes making the noise of squealing Chihuahuas.
$C: I was the one being pranked but my sister and my cousins had joined forces to scare the crap out of me one night. It’s dark downstairs and I’m washing the dishes at like midnight and I get a No Caller ID call and I’m always super intrigued so I picked it up and said hello, and when I heard nothing I laughed and ended the call. Literally as soon as that happened, there was a knock at the door and I nearly pissed my pants.

I check who it is and it’s a small boy, looking around the house with his friends and I fall into ninja mode, wondering if they’re checking out the house to rob it or something. Anyway so they leave, and then I get another call as I go to sit down in the living room. This time there’s breathing. So like a fool, I’m texting my sister saying wtf is going on, there was a boy outside (this was not meant to happen) and she said to me quickly check the doors and come upstairs. 

To my absolute fucking horror, the door at the back was unlocked (not part of the plan) and I didn’t even push the handle all the way down, I was so terrified. I locked it, checked the front door, put the alarm on and booked it upstairs. Proceeded to get two more calls from my cousin this time, breathing like hell down the line and my sister is sat next to me half smiling half horrified at what is happening. She’s a good actor. 

Anyway so person leaves me a voicemail with him or I should say my cousin, breathing down the phone but I saved the message so that I could listen to it again later. Suffice it to say, I’d nearly crapped my pants. I find out like a month later, that it was actually my sister and my cousin. 

I’ve never felt so betrayed or laughed so much in my life. 

It was even worse because I’d shown it to like a group of people at school thinking I’d had some dying old codger on the other end. Ugh. 
$C: What an absolute legend.  Wow.
$C: At high school camp my cabin mates all decided to rig up a ouija board out of a piece of A4 with the letters, etc drawn on with ballpoint and a coke bottle cap. They're all really in to it as the cap begins moving around the board with 4 people touching it with their index fingers. The cap moves to K, then L, then O and finally rests somewhere between X and Y. I was suddenly inspired.

ME: Is that on X? I really hope it isn't on X!

GUYS: Why!?

ME: K L O X spells the name of a dead viking captain who is supposed to come and kill whoever summons him.

I guess I said it all pretty convincingly, I used to pride myself on my ability to deceive and act. Maybe 3/10 of the cabin mates maybe seem to buy it and freak out, the 4 playing decide to stop playing and everyone goes on about their business. Within an hour I get bailed up by a super religious thug type who heard from someone that I was going to do the Bloody Mary thing and he wanted to make sure I didn't both because he thought it might be real and because it would be blasphemy. That totally blew my mind. I talked him down fairly easily and he was mostly reasonable but made me promise I wasn't going to do it (despite never having even mentioned that urban tale).

Cut to 4 or 5 years later and I'm super drunk with an old high school buddy and he asks me if "that Klox shit" was real. I laughed and said of course not. It turns out he was one of the few that actually believed it wholeheartedly and was pretty much convinced up until that drunken night.

Kids can be very gullible.

On a side note, I had my sister convinced that movies use stunt horses for fight scenes like in Braveheart that were trained to die.
$C: Story time!

Back in the 90's my sister told me she was having her friends over for a sleepover / seance, and she wanted to know if I could hide under the bed and scare them. I told her I could do better than that, and rigged up a power strip under the bed so I could control the lights, TV, and radio, and I ran fishing line around the room so I could yank books and stuffed animals off the shelf. 

Ultimately, one of the girls ran screaming from the room straight into the wall of the corridor opposite it, smashing a picture frame. 

Success! 
$C: I was a high school freshman when the rumor of the second floor being haunted started circulating. One day, I was with some female classmates when they all decided to go to the bathroom. I had to wait for them by the stairs around the corner. When I spotted a fuse box and realized we were on the second floor, I couldn't resist playing a prank on them. I opened the fuse box and flicked every fuse. My friends weren't amused, and neither were all the seniors who, at that very moment, had been busy for quite some time in the computer lab. You'd think they'd hit SAVE every now and then, but no. 
$C: Dean, you better hurry! 
$C: Even the electrical panel received gold.
$C: It'd make for an interesting horror movie if they go upstairs only to find out that the friends hadn't started playing the Ouija board they, and they have no idea what you're talking about when you mention their "screaming"
$C: I wonder if your sister and friends came running out of the room, LoL.
$C: Can we talk about the Reddit Gold sticker on the circuit breaker???
$C: My friends and I did this on new years eve 99/2000.  Everyone was talking about how planes would be falling from the sky, power grids would shut down, and we would be plunged into the dark ages.


As the ball was dropping, we went to the garage at the party we were at.  We could hear everyone 10!, 9!, 8!, 7!, 6!, 5!, 4!, 3!, 2!, 1!, click AHHHHHHH!  FUUUUUCCCCCKKK! 
$C: I did this on Dec 31 1999 just after the ball dropped. Surprisingly, it didn't go over that well.
$C: My BFF had a younger brother... Total shithead.   He was always boobytrapping his room or the things in the house he loved ( Atari , food packages he'd open and take 20 cookies out and leave maybe 4.  He would put the 20 he took in Tupperware and hide it... Mom comes home and gets mad because we ate all the cookies! Etc etc)
One weekend parents and brother go out of town.   We both work at golf course so I stay over.... That little shithead unplugged his waterbed.   I wake up in the middle of night and my teeth are chattering.   That kid was a total ass.   Wonder if he is in jail or running an evil empire?
$C: This is so great.  I was that asshole brother.  Sister had a sleepover in the living room and were watching a Dracula film.  The living room had a big glass door that went out to the patio.  I snuck out and dressed up like Dracula - white makup and even had a cape! - and just suddenly appeared in the glass door while pandemonium ensued inside.  My sister was so scared she slept with my parents that night, abandoning her friends who huddled together in the living room.  I am not a good brother.
$C: Ooh shit its the hash slinging slasher!!!
$C: how do you get the direct link to this? cant figure it out
$C: Why the fuck do people mess with ouija boards?? Either it’s bullshit, in which case you’re wasting your time, or it’s real, in which case you’re going to get yourself cursed. Either way it’s a dumbass idea. 
$C: Even better, also shut off the main water valve, then open every faucet. When you flicker the lights, have someone open and close the main water valve. Faucets start shooting water and turning on and off as well.
$C: As a sister with three brothers and thirty years of low key fucking with each other in similar ways, A+++++++ work. 
$C: Circuit breakers aren't light switches!  Don't toggle them like this.
$C: One time i was staying at my *then* boyfriends place and his younger brother was having a party (that he wasn't supposed to be having while his parents were away). They were getting a little too rowdy and we were trying to watch a movie, luckily the breaker was in my ex's room, so we could turn off the power in the kitchen while keeping the basement tv going.
$C: When I was a kid one of my best friends lived with his mother and she was cool as hell but sort of kept to herself. Sometimes she would hang out with my parents and drink but always kind of had this gloomy attitude. One time the subject of Quija boards randomly came up and she started acting real uncomfortable along with her son. She eventually drunkenly told the story of how she and some guests were playing with a Quija board once and she had a life changing experience where a random knife from out of nowhere came flying across the room and stuck in the floor right by her foot. I'm assuming there was no reasonable explanation she could come up with.  

My parents also knew this religious couple they met when we first moved to MI when I was a kid. They were real nice and sometimes on Sunday we'd go to their house and have sort of a sit down church fellowship in their living room since we didn't know anyone else at the time. I was too young to care about all that but I remember once again the topic of Quija boards came up again. This couple was explaining how they weren't really the church type but due to certain recent experiences they began seeking a life accepting Jesus etc. They had a daughter who was given a Quija board as a gift and at the time didn't think much of it. After doing some research on it they came to the conclusion it was some occult shit they didn't want their daughter associating with. They swore it gave them a bad vibe having it in the house. These seemingly sensible people also swore they threw the thing in with the garbage and walked it to the dumpster but the very next day found it laying on their front steps. They swore this occurred again until they finally chucked it in a nearby field and watched it catch on fire mid-air. I mean wtf. While I know it's all bullshit I still refuse to play with one of those things lol.
$C: I went to a camp in the 80's where my "counselors" invited me and a select few to a seance. 

They had really spent time setting this up and when everyone else was asleep they "sneaked" seven of us an abandoned cabin that was far away from the other ones. 

They had drawn a VERY elaborate set of symbols all over the place including a giant pentagram in the middle along with a goat's skull (which was tied to fishing line (I'm guessing they had this plan before they even came to camp)

They tied a ton of things to fishing line and some hid in the back of the cabin and some hid outside and around the cabin and on top of it.

There was one guy who was running the seance and we were told a bunch of instructions. We had to dip our fingers in blood and make a sign on our forehead, we had to keep our hands on the pentragram at all times, and we had to recite some very convincing latin.

Then they started fucking with us...hard. It was years ago so it's hard to remember all of it but it got surreal. They pulled all the props holding up shutters on the cabin (they were 2'x4' plywood hinged at the top) one by one around the cabin. The goats head went flying off into the darkness. Other things started flying around the room. The bunks in the back all got flung over. People were screaming (definitely the 10 year olds as well), people were chanting in odd voices from on top, under, and around the cabin while pounding furiously on the walls, the counselor running the seance's eyes rolled back and he spit out blood and collapsed while trying to yell at us KEEP YOUR HANDS ON THE PENTAGRAM! Then the candles went out somehow and everythign stopped... and all you could hear was 10 year olds crying...then nothing... and I remmeber hearing my heart pound....then with masks on all the counselors ran screaming into the cabin and a couple kids pissed themselves lol. 
$C: WOW THANKS FOR DOING THAT ASSHOLE!

NOW SHES GONNA GROW UP TO BE THAT ONE GIRL THAT SWEARS ON OUIJA BOARDS BEING REAL AND WONT SHUT UP ABOUT IT BECAUSE OF HER "experience".  

Fuck.
$C: love the screaming in the background. hilarious.
$C: Never ever tell them it was you messing with them.
$C: Is that a Square D 200/200A end fed surface mount main panel? That's a damn good panel. Good for solar interconnection. 
$C: This is really funny :)
$C: My hero. 
$C: His troll game is truly sage level.
$C: Magnificent 
$C: Probably the best thing I've seen all day.
$C: This is amazing. Well done..
$C: It’s awesome how something so simple can cause so much torment. 
$C: I only wish I could have seen their faces
$C: What a dick. bravo.
$C: Oujia shits are dumb.
$C: I need more. I need resolution.
$C: Don’t mess with the devil
$C: I tried to do this to some friends of mine once, but when the lights came back on we found my friend Travis had utilized the brief period of darkness and pulled out his dick in the middle of everybody...

So, yeah.
$C: Then you go ask them why they are screaming and when they say the lights were coming on and off you insist they never went off.
$C: Shit like this is why I'm glad to be an only child. 
$C: lol, good times.

I used to do something similar, but I wasn't quite as clever. I would sneak into the hall and flip the switch with a broom handle. I was dressed in black though so it wasn't as obvious. I'd bang on the walls and make moaning sounds while I snuck in with a knife and murdered all her friends.
$C: Imagine being the parent helping the kids out and this shit starts happening 
$C: That's what siblings are for. Great job
$C: I hope you never mention you did this. 
$C: I approve!
$C: You got my wife and I rolling in laughter. I’m now looking forward to the years my daughter starts having sleepovers. 
$C: Younger siblings are a gift. 
$C: You should be very proud of yourself.
$C: I'd like to point out the real brilliance here... video recording the moment. Thank you. Have an upvote good sir.
$C: That Square D QO panel can handle this abuse. Thanks Schneider!
$C: This is fucking genius lol
$C: Like a tea kettle. 
$C: Now get on your sibling's computer or device and swap the alarm sounds for some really creepy shit, like the super slowed down Spongebob theme. Change the titles of the sounds to things like "I am coming" "I am god" "I will wear your flesh" and other crazy shit like that.

Scar them for life!
$C: Jesus that is so fucking perfect. Someone give this person a medal.
$C: Careful, I did this and it broke My tv.
$C: You're a fine candidate for r/madlads. 
$C: *S*
$C: Wonderful, you've done all brothers proud.
$C: 20 points to Slytherin 
$C: You have to enjoy the little things in life.
$C: I did this to my parents and their friends, but it was for their New Year's Eve party in 1999.  We had all resigned ourselves to the fact that Y2K wasn't really going to do anything, but when all the drunk adults around the poker table started counting down, 13-year-old me snuck into the utility room and hit the main breaker.  Hearing their reaction was priceless.
$C: Lol, Don't like to raise the volume on my phone. This time, worth it.. 
$C: Oh, I have to give a massive upvote for this splendid post!
$C: Suddenly... Electrician is the coolest trade of them all
$C: Reddit is now putting gold *inside* the videos. What a time.
$C: and now the fuse box just melted
$C: This was sooo good even your breaker got Reddit gold
$C: Twist: Sister and friends were actually playing downstairs and nobody was up there the entire time
$C: Can you keep it a secret?
$C: A man a after my own heart
$C: Even your breaker box has gold
$C: hahahahahahahah omg yes
$C: Great! Now they have to figure out how to dispose of the thing.
$C: Airhorns , or electricity , both work fine...
$C: This is how you fry you electronics xD 
$C: One of my dad's friends did something similar new year's eve 1999/2000 during the y2k "scare". Everyone was watching the ball drop, and at midnight, he snuck off and flipped the breaker. Hilarity ensued.
$C: Remember watching pet cemetery at my friends house and we were sat in the dark. My friend had friend windows with curtains eitherside and they were open in the middle. The tv was next to them. Big spooky part comes up and next min this white cat appears at the window. All of us Just shit and screamed the place down. Was so funny. Thing Is the moon and the t.v combined made this cat almost glow cause it was white and it had golden eyes. Fuck a duck we laughed so hard that nights. Neighbours cat was like another to add my list and off he went 
$C: Dude I fucking love this! 
$C: Pure evil
$C: Sir, you deserve many, many blowjobs

$C: This is how you fuck electronics.
$C: Breakers aren’t light switches. Not exactly the safest prank unless you want to get bitten by the pixies. 
$C: That’s a squared D power you can tell from the visu-trip windows which happens to be very nice and expensive and it’s awful to toss the breakers on and off like that just sayin
$C: They're not screaming. That's the sound of them being possessed.
$C: WHY ARE THEY MESSING WITH A LUIGI BOARD IN THE FIRST PLACE?!?!?

https://youtu.be/15nNY7uofNw
$C: At the end of the day, the lights and voices keep coming and your sibling finally say "Hahaha, you can stop now."

And you replied, "But I've already stopped 10mins ago!"
$C: [deleted]
$C: If that breaker isn't marked SWD, I wouldn't recommend doing this prank too often.
$C: This is diabolical....

My man!
$C: Man, even a breaker box gets reddit gold before I do...
$C: An ouija board sounds weird..oueird
$C: So you’re the one who clicked the ballistic missile warning button and gave us all heart attacks...
$C: To finish it off run upstairs with an axe and hack one of them to death. The others will laugh about it at their 21st`
$C: Doing the Lord’s work
$C: Remember when the ring came out? Just before its release my friend found a video online of 'the video' from it. Trying to brave he decided he'd show us it all, but not before explaining just after you watch it you get a phone call blah blah blah...

I just had to get my mobile ready to call his house phone. Timed it perfectly to ring about 2 seconds after that final bit of static came on the screen
$C: Well done young man! Keep up the good work!
$C: Experienced something similar. Made the whole state panick
$C: Funny! But that’s how you destroy the circuit breaker :(
$C: How does one pronounce "an Oiuja board" xD its breaking my brain!
$C: So your an asshole.

Keep up the good work!
$C: I shut them all off at midnight on Y2K. Grounded for a week and still worth it.
$C: How does it feel to play GOD?
$C: Upvote for the delightful shrieks of terror 😂
$C: So my sister when I was really young recorded herself on tape saying she was stuck in the TV and needed help. Like Poltergeist, crying out to me.
I was like 4 or 5 and just started whaling like a baby. She got me good, that son of a bitch haha. 
$C: The way you can hear them screaming is glorious.
$C: Wait at least 10 years to tell them that you were messing with the breaker.
$C: You are brilliant
$C: I think its called a "Luigi board"
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=15nNY7uofNw
$C: I'm hoping the OP didn't tell the sister what he did 
$C: One of the first times I've laughed at a /r/funny post. Congrats my dude
$C: I like how people play ouijas and the moment something funny goes off they all scream, LIKE WHATRE YOU EXPECTING? SANTA?
$C: HAHAHA!! for the love of christ!
$C: I don’t know who you are, but I can tell we’re spirit friends
$C: It looks like you gave yourself a gold for that stunt
$C: All the trauma i missed out on.. Just because i am an only child. 
$C: Hahahaha this is fucking amazing.
$C: In this case I think it’s “a” not “an” 
$C: [deleted]
$C: I'm a cynical asshole and I still thought this was funny. Good on you, for what it's worth.
$C: A long long time ago my sister and her friends were having a sleep over and I charged up the stairs in a realistic Chewbacca costume on all fours. I just screamed out my version of animal noises.

It was mayhem. 
$C: It's sad that they now probably think that Quija boards work and that ghosts are real... But it's still fucking hilarious. 
$C: Oh, my God, that is so mean! I can just see them running around trying to beat away ghosts. 😂
$C: Your circuit breaker has reddit gold
$C: This is hilarious 
$C: I feel like you’d be that guy who got socks when your sister got a car for Xmas.
$C: I'm convinced 90% of people that believe in the paranormal were just victims of pranks in their formative years.
$C: I guarantee you would have had the same screams of terror if the power went out during a LAN party full of nerds.
$C: doing gods work 
$C: Just FYI, a or an refers to the sound and not the letter. See 'an hour'. A Ouija board may look strange written down but it's correct. 
$C: I like how your circuit breaker gave you reddit gold
$C: My uncle caught my cousin and I playing with a Ouija board when we were 13. He took it away and made a big fuss before throwing it in the trash outside the house. Later that day we were all watching tv in the living room, waiting patiently for my uncle to leave the room for a few minutes. He finally got up to use the bathroom. We turned off all of the lights, turned the tv to static and put the ouija board (that we fished out of the trash) In his chair on "NO", then hid to watch his reaction. When he came back he thought the power had gone out and was trying to find the remote and sat on the ouija board! He went ghost white when he saw it, then started shouting about how we were assholes. Pretty sure we did chores the rest of the day but it was so worth getting back at him. 
$C: My reaction to this: WTF is an Ouija Board and why do more than 100k people think this circuit switching is funny? I needed to google that Board and find out that the video needs sound on to finally agree: It's hilarious.
$C: Not "an" Ouiji board, "a" Ouiji board. The rule with vowels is that if the SOUND of the initial vowel is a consonant sound such as "We" it gets an "a" not an "an."
$C: What's a [weggy board](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=15nNY7uofNw)?
$C: The demons they summoned are actually the ones screaming.
$C: American electrical circuit breaker btw 
$C: I’d be that dad. Can’t wait. 
$C: and thats how those 'omg its real' stories come up
$C: some heroes don't wear capes
$C: One day this will be their answer to an AskReddit question about the creepiest thing that ever happened to them. 
$C: What if at the very moment the lights turn off and on the girls saw a figure in the corner of the room.  
$C: I didn’t know this was an audio gif. That makes this so much better
$C: No shame, I hid behind the shower curtain while my little sister did Bloody Mary with her friends, once they hit the third BM I turned on the flashlight under my face and scared them shitless 
$C: I used flip the breaker on the nintendo when I didnt want to wait for my brother to finish. Ahhh good times. 
$C: Why did I not think of this?! Omg 
$C: First I did not have sound. Still laughed at the idea. Read the comments, and went back and watched with sound. Thank you. Thank you so much, my morning has been made. 


$C: Video of man hitting light switch. 100k+ upvotes 
$C: Nobody will see this, but this is from when I was 13-14ish. My twin sister was home alone watching tv in our living room and I was at a buddies house nearby. It was probably about 10 o’clock at night. 

We, being the obnoxious little shits that most boys of that age are, decided to prank my sister. Our house was out in the country on 20 acres, so very remote. 

I sneak in the back door, where the breaker is and I shut down the whole house, pitch black. 

My buddy is waiting outside for the cue, and when the lights go out he cranks up a chainsaw and starts walking up the stairs and across the porch. Right in front of the living room window. 

Needless to say, scared the shit out of my sister and she hated us for a long while after that. 


$C: Somebody gave that circuit breaker gold!
$C: We did this at the huge neighborhood y2k party as the ball dropped lol. People legit thought the world was over
$C: You're doing God's work brother. Keep it up. :) 
$C: that's fucking hilarious haha well done mate

$C: Even the breaker gave him Reddit gold
$C: This might be my all time favorite post on Reddit 
$C: Don't play with Ouija Boards.
$C: God I love this, so evil. When I was 5 my oldest brother (12) did this to me with his best friend. Supposed to be watching me, they went downstairs and shut off all the lights to the house, I just remember slowly crawling around in the dark petrified and the out of nowhere he and his friend sprint out of the darkness screaming at the top of their lungs with kitchen knives and clown masks and then sprint away. Think i cried for at least a few hours... good times.
$C: I work in a restaurant. On Halloween night, my manager would periodically flick the breaker to he dining room like this. Hilarity ensued.
$C: Similar story as teenagers my friends sister had her friend over to watch a horror movie. So we snuck downstairs into the storage room behind their TV room and slowly started quietly scratching/tapping on the wall. It was great to hear them start to freak out and finally after a few minutes of the light sscratching we started banging and sure enough the girls screamed and sprinted up the stairs outside. 
$C: If they are doing the ouija board right, they have all the lights off and are using a candle.  Basically, all that happened is your sister has to reset her time and alarms on her clock.
$C: I had an older brother like you!!
Still scarred, lol, not really.  My bro and I are cool. 
If you never tell her,  she will continue to think the house is haunted!! The gift that keeps on giving.  
$C: Did the same thing, but wasn't a Ouija session. It was my friend's younger sister having a huge party while parents were away. My friend and I were alone on the basement while a couple dozen underage kids got all drunk upstairs. After it got too obnoxious, I had my friend hit the breaker and I yelled "COPS!!!!" up the stairs.

Hearing a ton of people freak out and hearing their rapid footsteps from above us was glorious. After a minute or two it was established that the cops actually weren't there, so we hit the lights again a couple minutes later. Again panic ensued. Once THAT had passed, my favorite moment was some drunk and frustrated guy yelling "GOD DAMMIT ARE THE COPS HERE OR NOT?!"
$C: You are doing gods work.
$C: they will remember this moment for the rest of there lives... 
$C: This is hilarious!! So doing this to my daughter should the time ever come.
$C: I’m that parent. The one who floated a red balloon into the kids’ room after they watched “It”. (Tim Curry edition). Kids remember it now into their twenties. 
$C: Can you burn a Luigi board?
$C: Bunch of little witches hehe
$C: We take it for granted but isn't the sound that human females (and some males) make when they're afraid pretty crazy? A high pitched squeel, almost like a whistle.

 Are there evolutionary reasons for that type of alarm sound to have developed in humans (such as notifying clan-mates in the vicinity of danger) or is the scream a more recently cultural thing that our distant anscestors didn't do? 
$C: My sister was maybe 13? Watching IT in the basement with her friends. My brother and I let a ballon loose. It must of made it into the group 20 minutes later as there was blood curdling screaming followed by a herd of salsa and snack covered girls out for blood.
$C: Your circuit breaker has reddit gold.
$C: Lmao 
$C: My dad did something similar when I was younger. I was playing with a couple of girlfriends. He brought out a ladder and climbed onto our roof for the sole purpose of scaring us. He waited outside my window. Somehow he timed it perfectly and started banging on my second story bedroom window when we asked for a sign. It was very well done, love my dad. 
$C: None of my siblings ever had to play pranks on each other; my mom was obsessed with scaring the piss out of us.  
  
She once let me have a sleepover, then walked us to a graveyard behind our house while telling us the story of a witch who had been buried alive for eating children, and if you walked in her grave you could still hear her. As we all approached the grave, her boyfriend (now my step dad) came running out of the woods dressed as ghost face from scream, plastic machete and all. She said a few jumped multiple feet in the air, and one girl fell into a ditch. My dad told us later on he had jumped the fence in our backyard and got caught on it and was just dangling from the costume for a second before he got lose.  
  
This is just ONE of the things my mom/parents have done to try to get me and my siblings to crap our pants.
$C: First time I've seen a video from /r/funny on the front page I think. It's always images or gifs. 
$C: My uncle caught my cousin and I playing with a Ouija board when we were 13. He took it away and made a big fuss before throwing it in the trash outside the house. Later that day we were all watching tv in the living room, waiting patiently for my uncle to leave the room for a few minutes. He finally got up to use the bathroom. We turned off all of the lights, turned the tv to static and put the ouija board (that we fished out of the trash) In his chair on "NO", then hid to watch his reaction. When he came back he thought the power had gone out and was trying to find the remote and sat on the ouija board! He went ghost white when he saw it, then started shouting about how we were assholes. Pretty sure we did chores the rest of the day but it was so worth getting back at him. 
$C: Best post in reddits history or the greatest prank ever. 
$C: We had a power outage one summer and my neighbor's daughter had a 10 girl sleepover. He was getting a little bored and trying to keep them all from freaking out, as they watched The Purge.

So being a good neighbor, I text to make sure he's fine, and he asks me to come by and start pounding on the doors and scaring them. He had to stop 2 girls from calling 911.

Twas a great summer evening.
$C: Wait 20 years before telling her.

$C: Would love to have seen the room. LOL 
$C: Huge respect for a prank well executed.
$C: lmao gotem
$C: Oh man. You are freakin' BRILLIANT! 😂😂😂
$C: This is so great that even the breaker got gilded. 
$C: Luigi board?
$C: Wait...

Is this safe to do? I feel like flipping the breaker on and off applies extreme amounts of wear and tear to the components involved.

But I know nothing of electricity and breakers except what can be learned from reading wikipedia for 10 minutes.
$C: Luigi board?
$C: The gold you got looks exactly like the one in the gif. 


$C: Nosferatu it was you the whole time
$C: *click* *click* Nosferatu!
$C: Nosferatu!
$C: A girl I was casually dating at the time posted on her AIM away message, "Watching the Ring with my roommate...scared already!"

I had just gotten a new phone, number and all, and decided to call her room.

Her phone rings and she picks it up, very sheepishly, she's like, "Heh...helloo?"

\*holding in laughter*

"SEVEN DAAAYYYYYS"

"OOOOOOOOOHMYGODWHOISTHISWHYYYY?"

:P
$C: For those of you who do not know, breakers are not meant to be used as switches. The rapid on/off is can cause issues like weakening the breaker, blow out the circuit or anything within the circuit, and can even cause an arc at the breaker panel.

People.......electricity is no joke and should be respected. It's unlikely but even 24v can kill you. All it takes is for voltage to travel through your body and disrupt your heart beat. 
$C: Wouldn't recommend it. Doing the board, I mean. Weird stuff happens.
$C: Almost as good as that Bloody Mary thing.
$C: Every Redditor is apparently an electrician. 

You people do know that lights and receptacles can be on separate circuits. It's actually also a good idea to exercise your breakers from time to time to make sure they don't seize up and function properly.  
$C: Another good method is to go outside and drag a stick along the siding and window screen outside their room. Remain close to the house so you're not seen though.
$C: That is awesome, but you should be hit for filming like that, turn the damn phone 
$C: With a*. It’s pronounced we-jee and the beginning isn’t a vowel sound so it’s not an.
$C: Stupid enough to play with a ouija board, stupid enough to never ever figure this out.
$C: [deleted]
$C: *a Ouija board.  FTFY
It makes a consonant sound so it doesn't require the article "an". 
$C: "Is there a ghost in our basement?"

Nope, just a hilariously mean older sibling
$C: This is awesome 
$C: Awesome
$C: You just made a memory of a lifetime for her. such sibling love.
$C: Bravo. 
$C: You are a monster.

Well done. A+
$C: Hahahahaha 
$C: Looks like you already got your gold. 
$C: And a Tip of my hat to you sir, well played.
$C: How nice of someone to give your switchboard reddit gold.
$C: Well done!
$C: Real man of genius 
$C: Sister currently posting to r/sleepless.
$C: That was great. 
$C: I'm literally laughing so hard I'm having trouble catching my breath, all while hot tears are pouring down my face. 
Thank you op.
And thank you commenters.
Sincerely, an only child.
$C: So goooooood
$C: The world just got even more tediously superstitious people. 
$C: same
$C: Lmao this is something I would do
$C: I’m crying laughing
$C: This is freaking great. Thank you. r/MadeMeSmile
$C: I wish I could meet you so I could shake your hand.
$C: Noossferatuuu!...
$C: I like your 1 star dragon ball!
$C: Can you burn a Luigi board?
$C: That's what they get for not playing the Real **WALUIGI** or **LUIGI** Board
$C: Try to do that with a fuse... That's been direct linked with a stack of pennies. Not so tough any more.
$C: You're a fuckin genius I love you 
$C: Straight to the top with you!
$C: I did this for Y2K (1999 NYE) @ 12am - apparently it caused a bunch of damage to the furnace? I never outted myself as the culprit.... :(
$C: I used to share my nintendo with my younger siblings our dad did this to get them off it, i used it to annoy them. My dad said it was a bad plug he would shut the breaker off depending where it was plugged
$C: What's a Luigi board?
$C: The fuse box has reddit gold already 
$C: OMFG THE TEARS!! Thanks, OP!
$C: The video even has a reddit gold as though OP predicted that would occur.
$C: Who won the game!
$C: You are my hero.
$C: That is fantastic.
$C: That's epic and hilarious.
$C: AND THE LIGHTS WILL FLICKER ON AND OFF!
$C: Evil brother of a...
$C: That is genius, have an upvote.
$C: Fake and gay

Lol jk
$C: I did this when I was 12 an my 13 year old sister was having a slumber party.  Things haven't changed over 30 years.
$C: Can someone tell me when Ouija boards being spooky became meta? I remember seeing the trailer for the horror movie and being confused like why is this spooky
$C: You're obviously that sibling. The only one that can read the chicken scratch the contractor wrote on the breaker box to say what each switch actually does. 
$C: Is that a reddit gold on the circuit board?
$C: What is this thing and what is going on in this video?
$C: r/madlads
$C: stealing this and using it on my kids
$C: Your prank was so great the circuit breaker gave you gold.
$C: I did something similar, except it was the router when my younger step brother was playing codblops and screaming profanities into the mic. Same result. 
$C: This reminds me of the time my cousins and I watched Texas Chainsaw Massacre at our Grandparents house and Grandpa started a chainsaw outside the living room window. I almost threw up.
$C: It'd be great if we could see upstairs. 
$C: I'd pay good money to see slow mo videos of each girls facial reaction in night vision
$C: Can you burn a luigi board?
$C: I did this at a NYE party when Y2K hit. It wasn't well received. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: As the oldest sibling, I approve.

We had a switch in our garage that turned on the basement lights. I knew about it. Sister and her friends didn’t. Many laughs were had.
$C: http://i0.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/012/367/evilest.gif
$C: That's what being a sibling is supposed to be, isn't it?
$C: Ha! That is awesome. I have a lot of good and bad memories with the Ouija board. One of the funnier ones. Me and some high school friends are doing ouija in my attic. My friend Anne asks for a “sign” multiple times. All of a sudden she starts freaking out. A bat and flown down and got tangled in her hair. The rest of us have no idea what is going on but we all lose it and are scrambling to get downstairs. Good times.
$C: I love this. This is a peak sibling prank. You can't tell her it was you for a long time. 
$C: Luigi* board
$C: I didn't know I'd be feeling such delightful feelings on a Monday night.
$C: Savage!
$C: I'm that parent.
$C: *megan* 
$C: This will play out for years.   Well done.  
$C: Ah, why didn't I think of this when my cousin, her friend and my little sister were using their ouija board?!   bravo.  xD
$C: Watching this I felt like I was on a roller coaster ride
$C: An oojee board? Oujia doesn't start with a vowel sound, you put "a," not "an."
$C:  Bluetooth lightbulbs also work well for this. Yo u can change the brightness, color and strobe. I still scare people occasionally with them lol.
$C: This is amazing! Almost makes me wish I had a younger sibling to fuck with
$C: This is also how fights would start between me and my brother. When one of us would hog the n-64 the other would cut the power. Shit we lost so many unsaved games. haha
$C: I love this so much!
$C: Man, I remember doing something similar to my sister and her friends back when we were kids. Our rooms were on the 2nd story and we had a little outdoor patio as well. I went out and climbed across the roof to her window which was directly above the garage. Once in position I started beating the shit out of the window and yelling. I damn near fell off the roof laughing as they took off like bats out of hell.  
  
Sometimes I miss being the jerky older brother, but at least I can torture my gf with my evil ways.
$C: When you can’t relate cause you’re an only child ;(
$C: It's your job as a sibling to do this. It must be done.
$C: You the MVP!
$C: Dangerous if they freak out and end the Ouija session without ending the session correctly. Good Luck also at a potential home haunting, OP.
$C: I expected something from /r/askouija here. 
$C: Fucking awesome!
$C: Love it.
$C: [deleted]
$C: magnifique 
$C: Great, I use to 'fuzz out' the tv in  protest,with a half off light switch when i was a kid  / and not allowed up late!          
$C: I wish I had I sister so I could do this 😂
$C: That's not good for the breakers.
$C: That looks like a safe break the code 
$C: Well this is what you get for playing with a luigi board. If they keep up this type of behavior before you know it one of them is gonna be pregnate.
$C: simple
$C: Must be Zozo
$C: Is that a doggo barking ? Brilliant lol
$C: I did something like this when I was younger. My sisters had their friends over for a sleepover in a big tent in the backyard one day in the summer. That day after the tent was setup, I attached 2 pieces of fishing line to two different points on the tent and ran them up to my room's window where I tried them to my bed post. Later that night with a good tug on the line caused the whole tent to shutter. Similar effects to the OPs video followed. 

 For added effect, I attached a Keychain to the two lines and sent it down from the window. Once the lines started to separate, the Keychain obviously couldn't continue so it was just left dangling in midair adding a great sound effect to the whole thing. 

We haven't talked about it in a long time, I'm going to see if they remember this. 
$C: i don't know how to feel, but it's truly funny
$C: If I was in the room with those girls I'd of probably shit my pants haha. This is hilarious. 
$C: This is so funny!
$C: It's not even mean. You're helping them have a memorable experience with friends.
$C: Brilliant!
$C: My dad did that to some of his brothers but just used the light switch. Then he remained at the switch, licked his hand and covered the switch with it.  

  As soon as his 'braver' brother made it to the switch to try it, he touched my dad's damp hand instead. My dad let out a creepy moan for effect.
$C: I love the screaming, it's funny to imagine what they think about it.
$C: With the flickida flickida flickida switch
$C: You need a second brother who plays a recorded voice and asks “why have you summoned me from my grave?!”
$C: "an Ouija"
$C: In the morning, turn off the hot water valve while she's taking her shower.
$C: I've never noticed how poorly "an Ouija" rolls off the tongue. I've never said it grammatically correct I guess.
$C: This is something I'd do except I would hide a wireless speaker near them that plays demonic whispers as I flip the lights. 
$C: OPs video is great but this thread is full of 
/r/thathappened bullshit. 
$C: Classic
$C: What is this?

Edit: Oh. I'm an idiot.
$C: Have to keep an eye on creepypasta, looks like we are about to get a new story.
$C: Luigi board?
$C: T
$C: Ah, this reminds me of one time my teenage sister was having a bunch of friends over. They wanted to watch a film on our projector, so my dad recommended a quaint film about high school in small town America, reminiscent of where he grew up. They ate that shit up and put it on.

It was Carrie. They had no idea.
$C: This is way better with sound
$C: This is pure genius
$C: Hahaha you can see the light bulb go off in his head when he turns it off and back on again.  Like "wow that worked pretty well, oh wait what if I flip it a few more times?"
$C: My dad cut the cable box power at midnight for Y2K. My sister and I freaked when the TV went to snow. 
$C: Diabolical 
$C: Would it be "an Ouija board" if the word is pronounced like it starts with a W?
$C: Your sister CANNOT find out about this. Make this last OP.....make this last.

edit: That is if you're THE OP and not just OP
$C: We should be friends lol
$C: *Job Requirement
$C: The devil himself
$C: Outstanding work.
$C: Makes me wish I wasn’t an only child. Oh well can’t wait to do this to my kids lol. 
$C: I love you.
$C: Noooooosferatu 
$C: How devilish of you!
$C: As a guy with a younger sister... bravo sir, well played.

10/10
$C: I remember my younger sisters first time watching the Ring. She had been with a group of friends and after they finished the part where they watched the video for the first time I blocked my number and called her phone. They all freaked out 
$C: Had a house party for New Years 2000. Hit the breakers for the whole house as the clock hit midnight.  Y2K was real for at least 30 seconds to a few people. 
$C: When my older sister was 13, her and er friends slept out in the camper and watched horror movies on the portable dvd player, my moms friend (who was one of my sisters friends) mom stayed over for some wine and before she left she went out and saw their heads were leaning against the tarp part of the camper. So she dragged her fingers down the tarp and caught one of their heads when she was dragging her hands down. I will never forget the screams of five terrified thirteen year olds. My sister doesn’t like sleeping out side now. 
$C: And thus

A cult was born
$C: Never ever tell her what you did until you're in your 40s lol
$C: Plot twist. That wasn't the sister or her friends screaming...
$C: Another good way to scare the pants off of your siblings take a red packet of koolaid powder, unscrew your shower head and pour it inside. Now just sit back, relax, and wait for the blood curdling screams of whoever takes the first shower.
$C: My brother did that to me lol
$C: You sir , are going to hell 
$C: Winning for sure 
$C: BRAVO.
$C: You are my hero... 
$C: That's a good brother. 
$C: You're a complete ass, and I love you for it. (This was amazing.)

Have my upvote and an IRL smile. :)
$C: You're a legend, sir.
$C: Shit my house is wired so poorly that to do that trick would take out half the house. 
$C: If and when the paranormal comes up in conversation with your sibling you should adamantly reject the possibility of it just to watch your sibling defend it based on their experience that one night.
$C: [OP?](https://i.imgur.com/4IwmQfY.gif)
$C: Master of the universe
$C: They sound like fireworks.
$C: Did this to my sister and her friends for y2k, if any of you kids remember that. 
$C: Never tell them. Bring it up 20 years later during thanksgiving dinner.
$C: Good times. Now get on the roof and stomp around a bit and they won’t be able to sleep all night 
$C: One time I was at a friend's for a sleep over when we were all around 8-9 y/o. My friend also had an older brother. We were watching a scary movie called dolls, and if you haven't seen it It's pretty much about these people who kill people and put their souls in dolls and the dolls come alive and kill more people. Well, after we watched it we were all in the bathroom brushing our teeth and taking about how scary it was. All of a sudden the bathroom lights went out and we screamed. Then we opened the door and on a chair with a hand streatches out to the light switch was a doll. We freaked out so hard and left one girl in the Bathtub after she fell....
$C: Square D QO electric panel. You must have a nice house.
$C: Props to you man
$C: You're a real bitch and I love you for it
$C: so it was my Brother everytime
now i got it 
$C: This needed to be done.   Great job!
$C: Bless that brothers heart
$C: [Luigi Board](https://youtu.be/15nNY7uofNw)
$C: Hahaha. Fucking gold dude. 
$C: LIFX bulbs have a "spooky" effect, where one random light will flicker every now and again.  Is good for visitors.
$C: Each flick of the switch is bliss
$C: Hahahahaha this is great! I helped my Dad briefly mess with my youngest sister once & we had a great laugh over it. She was downstairs on the family computer & we were upstairs using his laptop. He had a way to remotely access the family one, so we had a little fun. There is nothing that gives any sign of the access, & she didn’t know he was capable of it. We brought up Word or Notepad & started typing crazy stuff. It would be nonsense at first (to which we heard “uh what the heck?!” loudly), then pretended to be hackers & started with crazy stuff about being watched and all this personal info about her. After a bit she got so freaked out & started yelling. We could tell she was about to come upstairs so we disconnected, closed the program, & proceeded to act normal. She came running upstairs all in a panic & was like “Dad I think the computer got hacked!!” and started telling us what happened. We couldn’t keep straight faces for long & started cracking up, then told her the truth. She just got pissed & stormed off...and we laughed even harder.
$C: Did this at the stroke of midnight at Y2K. Same shrieks but to a house of middle-aged adults.
$C: Well done sir, Dilly Dilly!
$C: That’ll teach em
$C: I've only once ever believed in the paranormal. It turns out it was my partner and she wasn't even trying to prank me.

I was sitting in the gaming room of our apartment and I heard this "MRRRRR" sound come from right behind me like a zombie saying my name. I'm thinking "What the fuck?" and turn around and there's nothing but the balcony and an 8 floor drop. I look outside, around the apartment.. nothing.

Now, due to the shape of our apartment (the building is round) 1 entire wall is curved glass and stretches from our bedroom to our games room. Long story short, we was in bed and she farted and the sound travelled along the window and made it sound like it came from directly behind me.

She was laughing her ass off because I had come into the room being completely scared out my wits because of this phantom sound that had no obvious source.
$C: > *An ouija board*
$C: a* Ouija board 
$C: an Ouija board
$C: You’re my hero. 
$C: (Faint screaming)
$C: what if we are actually being played by some higher dimension creatures? 
$C: Amazing
$C: _Nosferatu!_
$C: We all used to try moving the planchette on the board - it started off as a game of Ouija board and ended up as a game of tag of war. 

Same with monopoly, our games were full of corruption, conflict, even extortion. I remember this one game where everyone refused to pay this kid, simply because he was a pushover and we all felt that we shouldn't have to pay when he let the first guy get away without paying - so one kid made a deal with him, he pays a certain amount to him when he passes Go, and in return he forces anyone who lands on his properties to pay. Funny how real life turned out to be just like that Ahhh, good times.
$C: The "mostly controlled laughter" breathing kills me.
$C: How do you pronounce Ouija that you think it's 'an Ouija board'?
$C: You're perfect. 
$C: Real talk...this is the most funny thing I have ever seen. 
$C: I'm one of those siblings that fart and blame it on my lil sister
$C: My friend and I did the same to the women's locker room in gym class when we were kids. There arent any windows on the locker rooms so it becomes completely dark. The girls screamed like that too. Good times haha
$C: Even the circuit breaker has a reddit gold star.
$C: Makes me so happy
$C: Normally it would be considered a ‘sonorant’(?) I guess. Can’t remember. But it just seems strange to me, which obviously doesn’t make it wrong.
$C: When I was way to young to watch The Exorcist my friend who was sleeping over and I decided to watch it, As soon as the movie finished the power went out, I will be asking my dad if he did this tomorrow... it makes way too much sense and is something he would definitely do. Don’t know why I never thought of it myself.
$C: I would have done this if I had been smart enough.
$C: This deserves gold. 
$C: I think I can hear the screams from here...
$C: You are my hero!!!
$C: Me and my friends are poor and live in trailer in bad weather, so if this happened we would probably shrug it off.  

Krampus hates poor kids 
$C: That was *awesome*
$C: I wish I still had the pre-historic videos of me pranking my sister with jump scare games/videos.
$C: Oh my god, I was just in such a foul mood. Those little girls screaming for their lives instantly restored me back to 100%. Too funny. Can’t wait to do this to my yet-to-be-born children.


$C: Brilliant 
$C: r/Stormlight_Archive
$C: Never tell her it was you!
$C:   I have 
$C: PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE tell me you did not confess!!!
$C: [Nosferatu!](https://thumbs.gfycat.com/EthicalGlossyDwarfrabbit-max-1mb.gif)
$C: 😂 😂 this is too good. Best prank ever. 
$C: Family goals
$C: Horror story come to life
$C: I love it
$C: G
$C: /u/vredditmirrorbot
$C: When I was about 13, my friends and I were cooking s’mores around a fire and telling stories and suddenly we heard a snorting noise in the woods nearby. Loud Hog like snorting and intense breathing. Once we realized it wasn’t any of us we ran for our lives down hill to the house. Being the smart one I hid in the greenhouse. Just a wooden frame with plastic covering it. I still remember holding the door closed as tight as possible and shaking so hard that the wood was clattering- all while trying to be silent. The dog squealed and stop barking and I knew it was the end. Then my dad started laughing. We didn’t speak to him for like a whole week. 
$C: Not all heroes wear capes. Well done my friend. My only criticism is I've never though of anything this clever. 
$C: You did great.
$C: True story, I read this as Overwatch. Whole nuther thing
$C: I’m pretty sure you just became my new favorite person! 
$C: Nosferatu! 
$C: He has the reddit gold star on his electric box
$C: Savage. Need to invite some people over this week-end.
$C: As a dumb person with zero knowledge of electric wiring in housing...

Is there any adverse effects that could happen from switching the circuit breaker on and off rapidly?  
$C: Good thing you fucked with the breaker before that Annabelle conjuring shit really happened to them. I imagined they put it away after that...
$C: One day my older sister was trying to scare me by using a Ouija board. Midway through a word the platform is just kind of spinning in a small circle as if it cannot find a letter. "The 'L' is over there" I said, pointing at the 'L'. "Shut up!" she replies and then the board slowly makes it's way over to the 'L'. 
$C: I FUCKEN LOVE YOU
$C: Yes 
$C: Then tell them to keep it down and see their reaction :D
$C: This might be the funniest shit i've ever seen in my life
$C: Sounds like teatime in England.
$C: I'm that friend. 

Both me and my friend had just finished watching the Final Destination movies and both found them very interesting. We joked about hearing the songs from the movies on the radio, on tv, etc messaging each other "just heard that song gonna die now bye". 
~2 weeks later I stay at his house for a night and when I went to shower in the morning I got a great idea. Connect to all Bluetooth speakers in his house and play [Turn Around, Look at Me](https://youtu.be/9_jtBkg14cE).
I've never heard someone scream as loud as he did. 
$C: Why is there a Reddit Gold Sticker on your fusebox ?
$C: I did this to my neighbors during one of their weekly parties. Only I just turned it off, and went to bed in sweet silence as they didn’t have access to it. 
$C: That is amazing.
$C: Click click teehee click click click teehee
$C: I had to log in just to save this. This is gold.
$C: Tbh this stuff Is real don’t play
$C: I'm getting my niece one for her birthday now...
$C: Nosferatu!!
$C: I used to work in a building that was thought to be haunted. They would run “ghost tours” through the building. I worked on the 2nd floor. Whenever I heard the tour guide starting a new tour in the lobby, I would send an empty elevator down to greet them.
$C: Brilliant.
$C: Never play with an Ouija board. Like, never. 
$C: Great job! So good
$C: Did they figure it out?
$C: Hahahaha!
$C: If only I had the opportunity to do this. All I got the chance to do was jump scares when they were watching the Texas chainsaw massacre
$C: This can create a fire and destroy all the electronics in the room.  But I guess if it makes you laugh.
$C: Best prank ever.
$C: Lmao I'm that sibling too. 
$C: Ah hahaha!
$C: The star sticker upside down would have made this video complete.
$C: S
$C: [deleted]
$C: I wanna know how they think Ouija is pronounced
$C: On mobile plz help
$C: God damn Luigi boards are dangerous.
$C: 10/10 better with sound
$C: Nosferatu!!
$C: Lol halrious
$C: This officially made my day 
$C: Totally fucked up her computer too. 
$C: Lmfao! I'm dead! I would so do that, too!
$C: This is hilarious.  I haven’t laughed this hard in a while. 
$C: That'll teach them. lol
$C: Brilliant 
$C: Made me day! Lol
$C: Bravo, my friend. Bravo.
$C: No one is going to mention the reddit gold symbol (sticker?) there is on the video?
$C: Hahaha that's the greatest idea ever it can also make the parents in law leave....make them think you're power went out ! 
$C: Nosferatu!
$C: Lol 🤣😂
$C: That is awesome 
$C: Lmaooooo
$C: The sticker on your circuit breaker looks like Reddit gold. 
$C: I am dying, BRAVO!!!
$C: What's going off here?
$C: Legend
$C: Oh man. That was majestic.
$C: LOL they'll never forget this don't tell them 
$C: Good lesson OP
$C: Nosferatu...
$C: You are my hero
$C: I do that quite often when my sister is in our dark bathroom
$C: Z
$C: Then who was flickering the lights? Nosferatu!
$C: This is Gold.
$C: So relatable xDDDDD
$C: Now go upstairs and give 'em the [flashlight under the chin](https://media.istockphoto.com/photos/desaturated-mans-face-illuminated-from-below-with-flashlight-picture-id544344514?k=6&m=544344514&s=612x612&w=0&h=d1kwT1MAzSjQ__Jp_JU_6-yPGJUWZ6WDKE4QWLJCxjA=) routine!
$C: So much better with sound!
$C: Gold
$C: I'm just wondering what they asked the board? A new satanic cult could have just been formed...
$C: I think I'm in love.
$C: You are a god among brothers.
$C: The best sibling ever
$C: Whoah
$C: Oh god thats brilliantly evil. I love it.
$C: I want more. 
$C: Nosferatu at it again. 

$C: That's power.
$C: I would pay to see footage of what their reaction was.
$C: Yeah this stuff will mess you up. Best not to mess with what you can't understand or control.
$C: Am I the only one who sees the circuit breaker has some reddit gold? 🧐
$C: Did anyone gild this because of that gold star at the end?
$C: THE SCREAMS 
$C: If your sister has a desktop without a UPC, good luck reformatting that shit or getting her a new PC.
$C: This is the best 
$C: This is the first really funny thing I've seen on this sub. Loved it. Thanks. 
$C: I have an old slimbox that someone gave me. Plays Pandora and that's about it. Found an app that I could use on my phone to control it from anywhere. Sometimes when I was at work, I would text my roommate and ask her what she was up to. She'd have women over doing some hoitey toitey stuff sometimes, and if they were there I would set it for some death metal band and turn it on full blast. I could see the volume and when it was turned off, so if just keep turning it on randomly. 

 Other times I would turn it on all quiet like and then slowly creep it up. Or if she had it playing soft rock I would pump out some rap or something. She never figured it out. She moved out and my mom moved in, so now I have a new victim.
$C: That is great!, thanks for the laugh
$C: My best friend and I were hanging out at my house when I heard that the girl next door ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) was having a sleepover. After about an hour of planning on how to scare them, we decided to act like robbers break in through the back door which is never locked. We put on ski masks that I had since I used to live in a cold area and grabbed some nerf guns. After stealthily getting into the backyard we scooped out the inside of the house to find out where they were. We snuck up to the door and busted it down immediately pointing the nerf guns at them and screaming gibberish so they don't know it is us immediately. 3 of the 5 girls fell onto the floor and shocked and the largest set of them jumped 5 feet into the air. The last one just gave us a cold look, never seen her before but holy shit. She either was in pure shock at the sight, are was about to fuck us up.

***Bonus*** after that hell of an icebreaker 3 of the 5 girls were in love with me and my friend got 1 of them. Couldn't figure out cold eyes though ¯\_(ツ)_/¯

TLDR; Faked robbery onto girl next door sleepover, was supereffective
$C: I like that there’s gold on the breaker 
$C: I wonder how many kids with childhood ghost trauma could trace it back to something like this lol
$C: The Conjuring: Hank Hill Director’s Cut
$C: N
$C: You mean a wedgy board.
$C: [removed]
$C: Woah
$C: Is that a reddit gold sticker? 
$C: This reminds me of what my brother(lets call him Jim) and i did to our eldest brother(John). I was about 9-10 years old, small and had long black hair. After I had just got back from school, Jim met me at the door, pulled me up the stairs and pointed to John lying on a bed and playing on the console. Immediately, i know what we were gonna do. 

My long school skirt was black so we pulled it up to my shoulders and i knelt beside a vanity which is within John's peripherals. I pull my hair over and Jim starts shaking the vanity while I sobbed. John notices and his movements become robotic. He didnt dare turn his head to face the "ghost". He shut down the console, slowly got up, and "calmly" walked out to the living room. 

I change back and yell "Im home!". John then tells us what had just happened to him. Havent told him since. 

Tldr: Became a ghost. Brother still thinks house is haunted.
$C: Now I know what to do when somebody goes in the bathroom and says Bloody Mary 
$C: I like how somebody gave the circuit breaker Reddit gold, what a great community.
$C: hey how did you gild the house?
$C: My favorite video.  Those scream.  The terror.  I laughed forever.
$C: HELP OIJA
$C: My brother is 7 years younger than me (I was an only child for 7 glorious years), so during my ouija sleepover days from 91-94ish,  he was always trying to ruin my life, but he wasn’t old enough to hit breakers let alone a switch, just old enough to look adorable and somehow manage to be a part of every single sleepover that I had til I was like 12. None of my friends had that much of a gap with their younger sibling, so my annoying little brother became everyone’s favorite little brother.  



$C: WHOA . You even put a reddit gold sticker on the wall, now thats impressive ..
$C: I have no idea wtf is going on wtf that board is wtf I feel too young am 23 either that or I have been living in a cave my whole life
$C: Amazing. 
$C: This pickled my eggroll
$C: Can you burn a Luigi board?
$C: Nosferatu
$C: "an ouija"
$C: A Luigi board?!
$C: Little does op know, they have the lights off
$C: great
$C: Luigi*
$C: I'm going to hear about this on the no sleep sub Reddit 
$C: My brother is also that sibling. When I was about 10, my friends and I decided to have a seance in the kitchen. My brother was on the other side of the wall at the thermostat. He turned it down so that the air conditioner turned on. We all freaked out about having felt a cold breeze. His laughing gave him away immediately, but it was a good trick and I used it later for our haunted house on Halloween.
$C: You’re evil... but I like it😏
$C: The only thing like this I remember doing to my younger sister was turning off the valve from the hot water heater. I had a room in the basement and did it all the time to her. She never caught on. She just thought we had a crappy water heater. Parent just told her to stop taking such long showers.
$C: And then you burn the board.
$C: [Never trust Luigi](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=15nNY7uofNw)
$C: [removed]
$C: Blyatiful 
$C: More evil than anything they'll come into contact with using it anyway 😂😂
$C: Way to go man.. super genius
$C: You're a dick. lololol
$C: My dad did this during a big New Years Eve party at our house for Y2K. With all the hysteria about all the computers crashing, blah blah blah, it was truly an epic prank.
$C: How deliciously evil. I love it! Genius! 
$C: This is the funniest thing I've ever even. 
If true.
$C: Absolutely brilliant!
$C: Genius
$C: The star in your curcuit breaker(?) looks oddly like reddit gold! 
$C: Gonna have to reprogram all the clocks in that room now.
$C: Awesome job, Captain Howdy!
$C: /r/thathappened
$C: Hahahahahah
$C: The best part is the stifled laughter from the person videoing 
$C: Plot twist: op, you're dead, and you're scaring them ghostly, but still thru the circuit box.
$C: This gold sticker is META.
$C: I like your hint for reddit gold in the video. 
$C:  I have no clue what's going on here. 
$C: I love you.

God, I just love you so much for this XD
$C: Why make the post title about yourself?
$C: We gonna ignore the gold above the fuse box there, as if they knew it was gonna happen 
$C: I love this so much!!
$C: Dream come true
$C: Wish there was a camera in that room
$C: Instant scream switch
$C: 😂 bravo bravo 👏👏👏
$C: Did you gild your circuit breaker?
$C: No forced wit here! Just posting for the upvotes.
$C: My best friend and I played with a Ouija board at his house when we were 14.  I asked it if a girl I liked at the time liked me too.  It spelled "F U C K  Y O U."  It didn't seem like he was forcing it (I certainly wasn't) so it freaked me out a little at the time.  A few weeks later I got a note from her calling me an asshole so I guess it was partly right.
$C: I wish this were real
$C: Cheeky bastard. Well played
$C: You can see the original reddit gold in the video
$C: So good even the circuit breaker ia gilded.
$C: I'm that roommate.  Had a roommate that wasn't paying rent and refusing to move out.  The circuit breaker was in my bedroom.  Yeah, a week without power in her room, and two calls to the cops against me later, she finally moved out.  Thank God for well placed circuit breakers.  
$C: hihi
$C: Nosferatu!
$C: Every time I start to scroll within Reddit this videos audio plays in the background at random.. thanks for haunting me! ✌🏻
$C: This video finally validates Ouija boards in some way. Up to now they've basically been the lost-sock of board games... there's one in every basement but nobody bothers with it.
$C: How do you link directly a reddit hosted video?
$C: I remember doing shit like that to my mates brother and his friends. I think it was their first time home alone sleep over. My buddy lived a few streets away with his Dad. We were all high and bored so we did a few prank calls to them just breathing and hanging up. Few minutes later his brother calls my mate saying that there is something weird going on is it you you prick? He played it so deadpan it was impressive. He says no it's not me and what is going on? His brother tells him what happened and my mate goes, right I will come over and check what's up. So we get a mask and all head over to the house. We hide in the bushes and my mate goes to the door and starts talking to his brother and checking around the house. Part way through we start with the tapping on the windows and doors and my mate starts acting all freaked out by it too so now we have these 13yrold kids in a frenzy we burst into the house screaming and brandishing tools and my buddy screams and I swear I have never seen anyone look do terrified in my life they went white some fled upstairs. It was chaos. When we let them know that it was us they were pissed but you could send and feel their relief. I don't think that kid ever trusted us again. 😂 
$C: thats too genius to pass up i mean if you tell them then its funny

$C: haha
$C: I know, it's always somewhat awkward to get a slow clap started, but, well.

*slow clap*  
$C: Imagine having smart stuff set up so you cans start playing tiny Tim through the stereo and everything 
$C: The yellow sticker thing with the star in it looks almost exactly like the gold that @op got from this post.
$C: The zueira never ends...
$C: OMG. You just got them. 
$C: [that’s the evilest thing I can image](https://m.imgur.com/gallery/9KCIeJi) 
$C: This is so damn funny.

*switch* (Screams) *switch*
$C: Wtf this just started playing when I was scrolled down pretty far
$C: sorry i didn`t get this

$C: Brutal
$C: I heard the Ouja was terrible but i never thought it be that bad
$C: Oh that's cruel, and hilarious.
$C: @
$C: I once turned the power off at my house when my room mate was studying with her head phones in. She knew I was home but when she called out to see if I was there I didn't answer. Instead I was hiding in the basement next to the breaker and I jumped out and scared her as soon as she came down the stairs. 
$C: Nosferatu!!
$C: God bless that man 
$C: Omg. I think I heard someone twisting an ankle while running. Lol
$C: You must never tell them
$C: Even the circuit breaker got gilded for this. 
$C: Hahaha
$C: So, so, ssssooooo good!
$C: Nice
$C: NOSFERATU! 
$C: I like you. 
$C: Take my vote.
$C: a good one is to buy a pig's head from a butcher and leave it under your s.o's side of the bed. Just after lights out ask them to feel under their side of the bed for the cat
$C: If she isn’t with them/in sight wouldn’t they get suspicious and realize it’s probably just her messing with them?
$C: u/itodobien
$C: You can achieve the same effect for anyone to scream. Just turn off the wireless router and watch the panic induced apocalypse begin
$C: I believe that she made him do it, so that this will be a night to remember for her and her friends. 
$C: What's with the gold sticker? 
$C: I'm wondering if that yellow sticker is an clever subliminal message that's nudging Redditors to give gold. I'm on to you, OP!
$C: Did similar things at a chalet many years ago. Went out with some friends to grab supper, the rest were still at the chalet. As we were heading back, we got word that they were watching some horror movie. 

We told them we were still out, got back to the chalet, and pounded on the back door twice, proceeded to inane scratching of the door, and tapping on the door. No one dared to go check on the door, so we waited a few minutes and started again. About 15 minutes later we walked to the front and pretended like nothing happened. The look on their faces was priceless.
$C: I’ll be sure to do that next time. What if they already have the lights of though?
$C: Pure evil.  Your sister is opening the door to demons and possession.  Tell her to stop!
$C: If I saw theBoard I would be Out
$C: NOSFERATU! 
https://youtu.be/yorZRDujbd0
$C: Hero.
$C: Dude, that's evil!  I love it!  :D
$C: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ouija

Ouija is basically a board game invented by the same company that brought you Monopoly!

Pretend to be posessed by the spirit of a long dead native american!
Punch Grandpa in the face and call grandma a fucking slut with NO REPERCUSSIONS! FUN FOR ALL THE FAMILY!*

* Except grandpa and grandma obviously

$C: I went to a friends house to hang out and the entire time (several hours) he just plays WOW. I get bored and when he is raiding against some boss I trip the breaker. Similar screams were coming from a 20 year old guy. 
$C: This is gold
$C: Classic.
$C: Beautiful 
$C: Great
$C: Nosferatu!
$C: New year's Eve 1999. We're partying at my friend's house and doing the countdown 3... 2..1...HAP * Click.* Power goes out to the entire house. We instantly start freaking out. "Holy shit. Y2K is real. Nooooo!" Then we look outside & we're the only dark house on the street. Lights come back on & my friend comes up out of his basement dying of laughter. Cocksucker threw the main. 
$C: That prank will live on in history. Both on Reddit and in your life. Bad ass lol. 
$C: Your circuit breaker got Reddit gold too!
$C: [Classic Nosfuratu](https://youtu.be/yorZRDujbd0)
$C: It took me way too long to figure out what was going on here. I thought this was a video posted by some retard who found the circuit breaker in the basement and thought it was a Ouija board.
$C: Am I the only one freaking out at the danger in how fast she kept flipping the breaker?
$C: Lolol if only I had a penny for every time I re watched that. Kudos 
$C: In my opinion one of the funniest things 
$C: Who wouldn't do that? XD 
$C: What did happend?
$C: need moreeee
$C: Absolute Mad Lad
$C: This is brilliant
$C: Whoa... somebody gilded your electrical panel...
$C: Looks like someone even gave Reddit Gold to your breaker box!
$C: Commenting so i can save this for later
$C: Now leave a wet copy of the excorcist in her drawer....
$C: You couldn't help it, flick flick ...flick flick
$C: > an Ouija

UNACCEPTABLE
$C: Savage
$C: And then arc flash 
$C: Ouija board, meet circuit board.
$C: I can't stop laughing 

$C: They shouldn't have played with forces they don't understand!
$C: I need simultaneous footage of their reaction.

Edit: Watched with sound, I am satisfied.
$C: Nosferatu...!
$C: You got gold before even posting, wow!
$C: And no one ate dinner that night...
$C: I would totally be that sibling
$C: he knew he was going to get gilded... look at the gold coin on the breaker...
$C: Incredible 
$C: First time I've seen a video from /r/funny on the front page I think. It's always images or gifs. 
$C: Wow baconreader does not play gifs with sounds. I have been missing out on so much 
$C: And this is how you get grown-Ass adults who say “I’ll never mess with one of those things again, theyre more powerful than you think and aren’t toys.” 
$C: When time travel is finally commercialized, I'm going back and doing this to my own siblings.
$C: Sweet Jesus tits I'm pulling this prank on my step daughter at her next friend gathering.  
$C: [deleted]
$C: Wouldn't they already have the lights off? If not they're doing it wrong. 
$C: My brother once played the One Missed Call ringtone from the movie while he was inside my closet. I have never shit my pants so bad before
$C: Reminds me of cutting the power at a new years eve party for a bunch of 15 year olds in 1999/2000 when everyone was afraid of Y2K. 
$C: Why are you cumming
$C: nosferatu!
$C: Plot twist: OP is dead
$C: I love the sounds of distant screams from terrified adolescent girls
$C: Dude. That’s so awesome.
$C: Your dad is going to beat your ass for playing with the breaker box. 
$C: 8/10 bc theres no video. Still laughing though. 100/10 for video next time. Hope you didnt say anything. 
$C: You won the internet! Hilarious! 
$C: Their scream makes them sound like they’re like 10
$C: Genuinely awesome! 

Did you confess or do they still think ghosts are real?
$C: I am that mother....builds character
$C: Ahhh... the simple and easy are the best!


$C: This is the best thing I have ever seen
$C: You have the reddit gold symbol on your breaker box 😭
$C: Ohh, NOSFERATU!! 
$C: Haha I loveee you
$C: Genius.
$C: When I was a kid (around 13) I was watching The Shining with my dad when my younger sister got home from school. She hated horror movies (and still do) and is easily scared, so when she asked us what we were watching we probably shouldn’t have told her to sit down and watch it with us. We still did, and she started to watch just as Jack Nicholson was kissing the woman who turned out to be some kind of ghost corpse in the bathroom. My sister immediately left, screaming at us for not warning her.

Thing was, that scene left both of us really scared. I remember being hesitant of using the bathroom afterwards, because our mirror was facing the bath tub and with a child’s overactive imagination I didn’t even want to look at the tub in case I would see that pale, bloated ghost woman in there. It was even worse for my sister. The unfortunate layout of our bathroom reminded us about that scene every time we went there.

A few days after the movie we were home alone and I was taking a bath. I was still a bit creeped out, but hey, still needed to get clean. Suddenly the door handle started to turn and I realized I had forgotten to lock the door. It was my sister, and I made the split-second decision to SCARE HER SHITLESS. When she opened the door, I rose out of the bath tub with a blood-curdling screech. Not as bloated and corpse-y as the woman in the movie (almost as pale though) but it was shocking enough. She screamed and slammed the door shut after her. I had to get a bath robe and go after to see of she was all right; she had run to the other end of the house, screaming and crying.

She started using the bathroom in the cellar after that. It was kinda creepy too, but it didn’t have a bath tub.
$C: I bet that they’re those girls who block the hallway because they’re too busy standing around talking
$C: I bet Mario had this happen....

"It's-a-mi, Ouiji." - Said by his creepy green hat wearing bro.
$C: My greatest achievement in life was doing this, except it was the main breaker to the whole house, not just one room, at midnight of New Year's Day, 2000 with 40-50 people over. 
$C: My kind of evil genius.
$C: Well, there is a group of girls that will believe in some dumb shit for the rest of their lives now. 
$C: This is amazing
$C: Rofl
$C: Oh that’s so mean I love it. 
$C: I wanted a 5 minute video.
$C: Thanks for captioning the middle of the video.
$C: Fak
$C: I’m going to watch this every day
$C: Don't fuck about with ouija boards. 
$C: Good bro.
$C: You're a goddamn hero 
$C: My mom did this at the stroke of midnight. Y2k
$C: Did you get gold because of the star on your breaker box? 
$C: This is great 
$C: In order to figure out which breaker, you had to do some preps. You're guilty in the first degree!
$C: Nice! Time time buy a new computer! Oh and remember all those grandpa photos? Time to recreate them!
$C: Can you tell us the aftermath?
$C: This.
$C: This needs to be a top post
$C: hahahahaha, I have 2 daughters. I plan on doing shit like that when they're older.
$C: My friends and I did this at midnight on New Years Eve 1999 to 2000.  Y2K madness was great!  My parents and their friends did not agree.
$C: With all the Y2K hoopla and uncertainty about what would happen to the computers, I tried really hard to get the homeowner of the New Year's Eve party I was at to do exactly this at the stroke of midnight.

He didn't get it I guess, but I remember thinking "shit man, you only get one shot at some moments; you gotta take them!"

Anyways, nicely done OP!


$C: The Ouija board always fascinated me. Although I am pretty confident Hasbro does not have the ability to communicate with things that go bump in the night.. there's always that chance. Penn and Teller did a good blindfolded experiment, with ouija participants, worth the watch if you can find it!
$C: i adore you!
$C: Thank you! 
This has made my day exponentially better.
$C: I like you
$C: A glorious moment
$C: And those girls will go to their graves thinking that Parker Brothers has a connection to the spiritual world.
$C: Now this is the kind of prank I can get behind. Well done!
$C: I could watch this all day 
$C: Good Job
$C: I’ve watched this like 10 times and I laugh every time 
$C: Pure Evil...LOL
$C: Is anyone there?
$C: I've done something similar.
Either way, breakers can be dangerous to screw with like that.
$C: A Luigi board?
$C: r/askouija
$C: OMG please never tell her that will just solidify her belief ROFLMFAO. 
$C: You're a good sibling. She's lucky to have you :-)
$C: This is what pure comedy is. 
$C: Even the switch box gave you gold
$C: Nosferatu!
$C: Welp... you're my hero. Great.
$C: I really wanted the sound
$C: You are gona hear some screaming...
$C: Absolutely Brilliant!!!

$C: Ah, this is me years ago.   Being the older brother of all sisters had its moments.
$C: I used to do this to the the upstairs neighbors when they parties too loud on my school nights
$C: This might be the best thing I've ever seen
$C: haha that pretty funny 
$C: I did something similar for Y2K. My family didn't have a happy new year for a few minutes.
$C: love the audible screams.  Pro level big brother torture
$C: Thanks for the ideas if they play that there gonna scream so freaking loud
$C: This is a great way to damage a lot of electronics.
$C: I would so do this!!! hahaha.!!
$C: you

are an amazing older brother
$C: What's so hard about the difference between 'A' and 'An' 
$C: How cults are formed.
$C: /u/lacfac
$C: This might be the best thing I've ever seen
$C: You have a fuse for every lightbulb in the house?😂😂
$C: This is wonderful. Absolutely wonderful.
$C: My dark sense of humor loved this video.
$C: Classic.
$C: You win everything!
$C: This is one of the best things I've ever seen. 
$C: This needs sound
$C: YOU HAVE SUMMONED COVFEFE!!!
$C: You. I like you.
$C: That was awesome!!! 
$C: yessss
$C: My dad did a similar thing with wool socks and a blue spark that shot across the planchette and zapped both girls. Was my last sleepover ever. Thanks Dad.
$C: That's some Until Dawn shit. I love it.
$C: We did this at new years lol. My friends and I were at a party and we were in the basement just hanging out and we heard them start chanting upstairs, so as soon as it hit midnight, we hit the breaker
$C: nosferatu from spongebob is back 
$C: Holy fuck. U so fucking cruel but i wudve done the same. Mehehehehe
$C: Hahahahaha hilarious...
$C: 10 years from today they'll be posting in reddit about the one time they encountered paranornal entities.. lmao
$C: lmao
$C: Real talk that shit can be dangerous. Watch out for spooky shit happening in your home in the short term future. 
$C: God bless you
$C: I really wish BaconReader would automatically show the gifs with sound. 
$C: Did anyone else notice the gold star above the switches? 
$C: NOSEFURAK2!!!!!! 
$C: /u/Fooa
$C: I don’t know how I never saw this. Commenting so i can remember it’s here
$C: Cheap horror movie BTS
$C: You are evil. Positively evil!
$C: then who was flickering the lights?
$C: J
$C: Thank you, it’s a prank for you but as a spiritualist you have done more than piss your sibling off. Ouja boards are not a toy. They are a real tool useful for contacting the dead but can be dangerous in inexperienced hands. 
$C: Weggy antics.
$C: Gonna do that one day
$C: "An" Ouija...
$C: what does the switch do exactly? you never explained that!!! you're pissing me off so much
still really funny that's just bothering me so much
$C: Now this is some funny shit right herw
$C: Great way to start an electrical fire.
$C: Nobody will see this message but, sir, you are a fucking genius.

I'm laughing my ass out :D
$C: Dude you just took like 8 years off the breakers life. Hahahaha
$C: A prank so good someone gilded the breaker box!
$C: Is that a subliminal gold me message I see on the fuse box? 
$C: Ooh, Nosferatu!
$C: Nosferatu!
$C: https://imgur.com/I8wkP6i
$C: Amazing, ty for audio 
$C: as a miner, seeing a breaker get flipped off makes me anxious
$C: I love that this is so good that even your circuit breaker has reddit gold.

Edit: a word
$C: All i ever did to my sister was throw out her stupid movie she watched every week... STUPID BLIND GIRL I DONT CARE YOU CAN DIVE A HORSE.
$C: Gotta watch out for tha Weggy Board 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=15nNY7uofNw
$C: At least you’re not that sibling that uses a Ouija board
$C: /r/madlads
$C: A* Ouija board, not an Ouija board.  I know you learned that you use "an" with words that begin with vowels, but that's wrong.  You use it with words that begin with vowel *sounds*, which Ouija (wee-jee) does not.  To verify that I'm right just say "an Ouija" out loud and hear how wrong it sounds.

Edit: corrected a misspelling which resulted from fat fingers on a screen rather than a fundamental misunderstanding of the English language.
$C: *A* Ouija Board**
I'm sorry I had to forg ive me
$C: Where did you get that Reddit gold sticker on your fuse box?  
$C: Is nobody going to mention that there appears to be a image of Reddit Gold right on the panel...?
$C: Why is there a Reddit gold sticker on the circuit breaker? r/karmaconspiracy 
$C: Please don't mess around with Ouija boards and occult stuff. So many have gotten into real trouble.
$C: Don't let them play with that shit in your house if you want to live there peacefully.
$C: I showed my whole family! This is the kind of fun stuff you can see on reddit. Nicely done. So funny.
$C: I’m surprised you managed to find the breaker to her room. 
$C: What is that thing?
$C: Hahahahahaahah i think my brother would do the same! 
$C: That’s not good for the breaker
$C: He'll yeah
$C: omg i never laughed so much, the instant screaming xD
$C: Good edit... some people gave you gold for recording you flicking a switch and adding some low scream noises. It doesn't take much to entertain people these days. 
$C: Did this at a big church lock in. Popped the main breaker to the gym and ran. Friend flaked and miss jumped the creek.

Landed smack in the middle of the water in the fall.

He was sick for two weeks. Lol
$C: How hot are they?
$C: I will sho you da wey 
$C: #**Don't play with these**. 

It'll fuck you up. Hundreds of thousands of year of spirituality in mankind, but the last 90 years know better right? Don't play with these forces.
$C: First of all, if that's really you, let me just say, I LOVE YOU.

Second of all, if something were to happen to one of your siblings, let's just say I'd be willing to pay quite a bit of money to  assume their identity. Yes, even if I have to undertake decades of painful and expensive surgeries to look more like them.
$C: [deleted]
$C: This reminds me of when we convinced the painters we were working with the house was haunted. Then we turned the downstairs power off plugged in a hoover and switched it on, then waited until one of them was in a room on his own and we switched the circuit back on. Absolutely scared the crap out of a fully grown man.
$C: Fun spoiler:

Please don't do this. Breakers have a limited lifespan and the more they trip(get shut off and turned on) the faster they will wear out. What could last several decades now lasts a few years. Have fun figuring it out or paying an electrician out the ass for 10 minutes of labor. 
$C: Probably fake but still clever.
$C: My friends played with the board game one nite and used a glass cup.the cup turned hot and they let go of the cup and it spun off the board and almost hit me . If they were acting they missed out on a academy award Career in acting 
$C: I hope you know it's your fault when your sister grows up to be a moron that believes in the dumbest shit because she had a "personal experience with the other side" 
$C: I'm a paranormal investigator...and I would TOTALLY do that!
$C: [deleted]
$C: fake
$C: Please do not play with those things. Ouija boards are not toys. 
$C: Funny. Wouldnt make playing with breaker panels a hobby.
$C: It is “A” ouija board. 

Using a vs an is dependent on the sound of the first letter, and not vowel vs consonant. For example, the word history can have an a or an an depending on how the word is pronounced in the given context. 

And yes, this is most likely because you had a lazy English teacher who taught you some half assed rule, u/PNWndn
$C: Fake 
$C: I am incredibly proud that you didn't assume your own gender. 2017 is working you guys, stay strong 2018.
$C: The gold sticker on the fuse box looks like reddit gold.
$C: Your circuit breaker is guilded! 
$C: Is this in reference to some other post?
$C: Nosferatu! 
$C: Is there a way to hear this in mobile?
$C: P
$C: Most of the comments here are essentially replies of an askreddit thread about "What pranks did you pull on your siblings?" 
$C: Damn... as an only child I didn't get it
$C: Don't let this fool you, it's just Nosferatu again
$C: Nosferatu!
$C: Weeji*
$C: Atleast you're not *that* sibling who gets touchy with baby sis
$C: Done by someone who doesn't have to replace damaged electronics....
$C: True hero’s don’t wear capes. 
$C: Are we just going to ignore the fact there is a reddit “gold” sticker on his breaker?
$C: Genius. This video could only be made better by the sounds of screaming from upstairs.
$C: Reddit is for children now.
$C: And I can’t even get a text back 
$C: I'm reading that as a Beavis and Butthead laugh
$C: ^^^^^^^aaah ^^^^^aaah ^^^aaaaah ^^^**aaah** ^^^^^**aaaah** ^^^**aaah**
$C: Yeah, fun until the PSU in the TV goes flick flick flick pow!
$C: Nosferatu!
$C: I’m hearing this with cartmans laugh hahahaha
$C: Someone give this guy his gold already
$C: Why does this sound like a rhyme for a song...

Drop the beat.
$C: One he per flick!
$C: Beavis' laugh.. :)
$C: Will you stop flicking your cards?
$C: it will be funny when they fry all the electronic equipment.
$C: It's like clicking your old PC speakers on and off while playing roller coaster tycoon
$C: I didn’t know this was an audio gif. That makes this so much better
$C: Wait what... I have no sound?! Dammit Baconreader why do you fail me! Ok will someone direct me to a superior reddit mobile app that plays sound?
$C: Holy shot I had no idea there was sound until this comment. 
$C: Flip the switch Kronk
$C: I turned the sound all the way up and hear nothing. I feel like I'm being had. 
$C: Glad I read this comment, I didn't have the volume up high enough to hear the screams originally.

$C: I couldn't hear them screaming at first, so I turned up the volume and it made the video so much better
$C: The emotions were right on the surface!
$C: I had no idea v.reddit links had audio until now.  Thanks!  
$C: well they WOULD have gotten away from the demon they summoned, but Op scared the bat shit out of it and now its flailing around blind from a fuckin' swat flash bang and its smashing the girls into their dora the explorer and Elsa posters.
$C: A roller coaster of emotions. 
$C: What are you on about? There is no sound it's a gif. Or is it meant as a joke? 
$C: They want to get off of Mr. Ouija's Wild Ride
$C: There's sound? Thank you! 
$C: Or that they’re actually a gang of murderous cats in the middle of a brawl. 
$C: Wait, these things have sound? 
$C: Wait is there sound? 
$C: Thanks for telling me to turn the sound on. 
$C: An Ouija board. 
$C: thank you, didn't realize there was sound at first. mucho better
$C: I love that you made a comment indicating there was sound so I could go back. 
$C: Oh shit. I usually leave the sound off when surfing through reddit. I never had the sound of this vid on before. It’s freaking hilarious. Thank you. 
$C: Woah.
$C: Why dont you /r/AskOuija/
$C: What if the Ouija board is making you comment here on reddit about that event?
$C: What if OP is a ghost?
$C: What if there aren't any sisters? 
$C: S P O O K E D
$C: Calm down Jayden.
$C: The plot thickens 
$C: Here we go again.
$C: ghosty wanty upvoty
$C: Hahah so the plot thickens
$C: What if it's actually a weegee board? You contact Glaswegian spirits with it 
$C: Actually this could be taken even further. If his siblings find out he did it, he should just be like, "Ohhhhh. Man, I don't know. Something really really mysterious came over me at that moment and I couldn't help myself."
$C: Jaden Smith? 
$C: r/showerthoughts
$C: Whoa dude
$C: Like when Jesus takes the wheel? 
$C: Meta
$C: Deep!
$C: META
$C: Lmfao 
$C: And your upvotes are at 6666, weeeiiirrdd
$C: Calm down there, Satan.
$C: Why do random ideas pop out of nowhere?  Especially evil ones...
$C: The ghost is actually trying to keep all the lights on, and freaking out when the girls start screaming, like, "nooo o god noo don't freak out!"
$C: Woke.
$C: r/AskOuija
$C: W O K E
$C: haha
$C: I meeeaaan, she wouldn't be doing it if it wasn't for the Quija board, sooooo...
$C: /r/askouija 
$C: The only thing a Ouija board has made me do is buy more pizza... Wait, that might have been my Luigi board.  
$C: What if the Ouija board is making you type that? 
$C: I am the Ouija Board.
$C: [**X-Files theme plays**](https://youtu.be/rbBX6aEzEz8)
$C: Top 10 anime plot twist
$C: Inception!
$C: Someone needs to make a Ouija board with a magnetic cup where the board can be programmed to drag over certain letters when a hidden switch is pressed.

S U S I E I L I K E Y O U R R E D A N D B L U E D R E S S N O W Y O U A R E A L L G O I N G T O D I E H O R R I B B L Y V O T E E R D O G A N
$C: Oh fuck run dude 
$C: You know even if they see this they're telling stories about how they "felt" something and when the lights came back on "no one was near me"
$C: Technically... it is. If they weren't using it, he wouldn't be down there.
$C: !RedditSilver
$C: Jaden Smith? That you?
$C: What if the Ouija board is making you say that?
$C: Then that Ouija board has an awesome sense of humor.
$C: I'm 19999, hope you get to 20000
$C: OP is really dead :o
$C: Dude. U r woke.
$C: What if the Ouija board making her to do that so that you can comment what you commented
$C: /r/im14andthisisdeep
$C: And a house 🤔 
$C: I'll be your circuit breaker :)
$C: Nah, you don't needs friends. Just your sister does.
$C: /r/nocontext
$C: I'll be you
$C: What's ouija?
$C: And some condoms
$C: You don't need any friends, your sister does which is what makes this so easy
$C: I have the sisters and one has lots of friends. Just need the board now.
$C: And a finger to do that
$C: Well u dont need friends, u need friends for a sister
$C: > Great! all I need is some sisters.

That's my favorite anime.
$C: to be fair you don't need friends, just your sister has to have friends.  I saved you a step
$C: I'm in it for the long game now. Just have to wait for my daughter to age up a little and host a slumber party.  Just need to make sure I buy Ouija "for the family" some Christmas... Just so it's around.
$C: Don't forget the will to live
$C: This looks so different to our fuse boxes over here I honestly couldn't tell what he was doing until this comment! I feel kinda stupid.
$C: and some fingers
$C: hey it me ur sister, friend, Ouija board, and circuit breaker


$C: And a hand 
$C: You don't need friends. You only need your sister to have friends!
$C: And a demon
$C: Nah. Friends you don't need. You just need a sister who is more popular than you are.
$C: Friends not required, just put it on Reddit.
$C: It also helps that when it is cold outside, to turn off the heat and maybe turn on the a/c.  They probably won't even notice until the temperature has really dropped, then they will fall for the ghost story trope.
$C: a life
$C: And a Reddit Gold sticker
$C: Good luck getting friends.
$C: We’re all alone get over it
$C: this is how childhood urban legends are made
$C: Lol someone did this on New Years y2k  party I was at right at midnight, it was the main breaker everyone freaked. 
$C: Innocent flipping of a switch to traumatize a sibling for years, def worth it. 
$C: What question did they ask right before the flip? 
$C: We pranked a friend this way. We knew she would be watching the ring one night alone so we stood outside her apartment and called her right as the telephone scene happens and we had the guy with the scariest voice do the whole SEVEN DAYS. 

BLOOD CURDLING SCREAM comes out of that apartment. 


$C: Now it's important to pretend to have no idea what they're scared about.


$C: I wonder what point they were at when he flicked the switch. 
$C: So grounded.
$C: So Shoney’s. 
$C: So totally not made up for the internet
$C: I called our landline after my brother finished watching "The Ring" for the first time. Sometimes the simplest pranks are also the most traumatizing.
$C: 31k upvotes because of me
You’re welcome 
$C: A friend has been sexually harassing the Google Home that I set up on my wifi. I quietly picked a song and silently casting it on Google home that just started playing unprompted.... "I need a little respect...". 
$C: Siblings now a days have it too easy with smart switches and plugs! 
$C: Perfect except for one detail. He should have left it off at the end.
$C: So bright. So dark.
$C: There is even a Reddit Gold on the panel!
$C: Extract the sound effects from the game Amnesia and let them play over the stereo. Bonus points for the shrieks of dying babies. 
$C: !redditgarlic
$C: God, I've had this happen to me. Still remember it, remember the feeling of thrilling scary and just enough uncertainty to make it delicious. 
$C: Started the evening as just an average sibling, ended it a legend
$C: Literally a subplot to the videogame Indiana Jones and the Fate of Atlantis.
$C: So Shoney's.
$C: So uncivilized.
$C: Not great for the breaker
$C: I held a new years party in 2000. Did the same thing when the count hit 0. 
$C: [removed]
$C: I worked at a movie theater when The Ring came out.  There was a payphone in the lobby right next to the theater showing The Ring.  We called that number whenever the movie came out and whispered "7 dayssss".  Most people laughed or laughed nervously, some came over and did the "oh you guys, got me good!" comments.  But one girl FLIPPED out, started screaming, collapsed on the floor and was crying and hyperventilating and made a massive scene.  We almost had to call emergency services because it was so bad.  The whole crowd then shunned us and complained and everyone got a free ticket voucher because of the pandemonium it caused.  She had to be carried out.  We got in major trouble.  Good times.
$C: I had a friend that use to date this super religious girl and he pulled one of these pranks on her. It was really late, they were both 16 and he was taking her back home after a date. Her house had a gated fence around it and the gate was this out of place wrought iron that already looked creepy. He pulled through the gate, the driveway continued a good quarter/half mile before the actual house, then got out to close it back behind them. When he got back into the car he started acting really spooked and was saying that he saw something out there and felt like he was being watched. He just sat there without driving for a while and got her to look over the seats back towards the gate with him saying he "thinks it may have been a demon." After building the suspense to a thickness that it could have been cut with a knife, he pressed his brakes and made the gates glow bright red from the tail lights. I'm not sure she was ever the same again. Side note, some Christian girls are absolutely terrified of the concept of demons and are a lot of fun to fuck with because of this.
$C: I have 4 sisters, we use to have slumber parties with our friends and watch scary movies in our downstairs playroom. My Dad found my Mum’s old Tina Turner wig from the 80s, put it on and grabbed a knife from the kitchen, creeped around to the back glass sliding door and just stood there until I noticed him. I was like “oh Dad” but because my head was turned, it got the attention of my older sister who preceded to scream, then everyone was screaming. The funniest part was my older sister got so scared she pushed another kid in front of my Dad hahaha she never lived it down. 
$C: I've stepped up my game with technology.

When my father and I were at work my sister was home alone at night watching scary movies. Earlier that day I connected my phone to my computer via Chrome Remote desktop.

About 4 hours into my shift I get on my phone, connect to my computer, open up YouTube on there and start playing the scariest noises through my speakers. Starting with a baby crying (slowly increasing in volume). Then shutting off abruptly while I waited for her to investigate.

I did this all night. When I got home she was hiding our spare vehicle outside.
$C: This in 2018 : 

\> one girl immediately calls the police on her cell phone

\> police arrives

\> police sees you

\> police tells you to count from 100 to 0 backwards while jumping on one foot with your hands visible

\> miss one number

\> get killed

\> 9/11 would live in freedomland again
$C: Omg, I did that to my roommate while watching "The Ring." After it was over, I used my cell to call the house landline. "Omg, I'm NOT picking that up!! Nooooooooooo!"

I don't even remember the movie, now, just that moment.
$C: What are you talking about used to be a thing. They're still a thing. I still have a home phone.  They're great to forward all the spam to.
$C: You win the laugh of the day! Every night i read Reddit posts and comments til i laugh out loud then i go to sleep. You won! Thanks for the laugh!
$C: I don't know how I feel about the fact we have to start defending that we used to have home phones 
$C: Was late to movie night with a friend when I was in high-school, we showed up just as the first movie was finishing up but nobody answered the door (they were up stairs)


So I did what any teen with a cellphone would do and I rang them.


The screams were amazing and baffling at the same time.


I did not know that they had just finished up The Ring. 
$C: Thank you for starting this thread, I can't believe I had to scroll down this far, past a conversation about roller coaster tycoon, to find other funny stories like the OP.
$C: I used to murder my sister's friends after ghost stories.

Good times indeed!
$C: I pulled the old car prank of getting out and killed. With some girls in the car. Had  a buddy staged at the location. It was great. 
$C: Tfw you still have a home phone. 

$C: Sure
$C: [deleted]
$C: I also went outside once. 
$C: Isn't it just "7 days"?
$C: First time I watched that my oldest brother decided a prank call would be fun. But not to us, no. To a random person in the phone book. He happened to choose the number of the kid that liked to pick on me and try to scare me. (I was in kindergarten at the time.)

So he picked up the phone and dialed. And when someone answered, he was quickly prepared with his best ring voice. After he hung up he obviously looked like he felt bad. Turns out, the kid had picked up.

Next day in school, the kid was still shaken. He looked like he wanted to believe it wasn’t real. He ended up bringing it up to the teacher. Apparently they had decided to watch it that day too, right around the same time as us. He didn’t try to scare me again from then on.

That was the day my brother accidentally avenged me.
$C: Oh man my sister did something like that to me.  I thought I was alone in the house and had just watched the ring. She took the remote outside and turned the tv on through the window.  I was terrified. 
$C: Oh man, that's just mean.
$C: I on the other hand secretly changed my cousin's ringtone to the one from the movie. I then suggested for them to watch that movie. Movie was done and about to sleep around 10pm. I called his phone and pretty sure his screams woke everyone up. 
$C: * It's pitch black  
* You are likely to be eaten by a grue
$C: [deleted]
$C: I smell a greentext
$C: I was at a party for Y2K and someone flipped the breakers like this as a joke. Someone was installing Windows 95 on a desktop PC at the time...the only known computer issue that happened due to Y2K as far as I know. 
$C: That is not where I thought your story was going.

* Hits wrong breaker.
* Shuts off Grandmas life support.
* Grandma tells sister and friends what you did through the board

Edit: I don’t know how to do cool bullet points...
Edit 2: BULLET POINTS!
$C: TIFU trying to prank my sister
$C: Honestly that might have a similar outcome on the girls. Just, less terrified.  
$C: "Hi!" You heard someone greet you when you turned off the light.
$C: https://youtu.be/S1ZZreXEqSY
$C: > Hits wrong breaker

Or in my house, the correctly labeled breaker.  

The electricians did an amazing "good enough" job.  The hallway breaker does the half bath.  The kitchen breaker gets the hallway and half the kitchen.  One bedroom gets itself, the remaining half of the kitchen, and part of another bathroom.

I just throw the main if I want to do anything simple like put the light switches in a logical order or swap out an outlet.
$C: Black Mirror 
$C: I like how fancy you motherfucker are with all your fancy motherfucking Wall Street bullet points 
$C: Hit breaker goes dark on him then he hears his sisters screams right next to him even tho they are upstairs 
$C: /r/alternatereality
$C: Anyone smart enough to use a breaker like this would just flip the switch back and turn the lights back on for themselves.
$C: Still successful.
$C: I mean,  it's absolutely brilliant!! Everyone is getting what they want! The girls were playing with it, so obviously this makes them think they are successful, and plus, who doesn't play with one of those without hoping something freaky happens. And the sibling gets to mess with them. It's a win-win situation! 
$C: If he keeps quiet, it'll be a lifetime of memories and stories - though they might suspect something decades later. OP needs to make a time-capsule of sorts with all the friend's names on it and send this video to each one like 10 years later. It'll be a great reunion and way to reconnect when you get older and everyone moves away or loses touch because life happens.
$C: I think OP is a woman because they posted this https://www.reddit.com/r/StrangerThings/comments/7pmm7g/target_for_the_win/
$C: OP is a girl 
$C: Pretty sure op is a girl
$C: [Here is the taking it to the next step as the father on Halloween with the right movie.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SHkniHTRxGE)
$C: You italicized the wrong word.
$C: Love when reddit always assumes the OP is a guy, even when it's clearly a feminine hand or handle. Happens without fail. Saw a video where the girl was wearing nail polish and half the commenters still referred to her as a dude.

Yes, it is possible that girls can be funny. And yes, that is obviously an older sister. 
$C: So that is how your dad ended up on that list.
$C: You have* 5 sisters!?!? Holy shit!
$C: I've never heard of someone who practices screaming for fun...
$C: I don’t quite understand what you mean. 
$C: your poor dad
$C: Is it like [this?](https://youtu.be/5acVVIYrynk?t=201)
$C: How did you manage to practice that without having the cops called on you? Not saying you're lying, just seems like at some point somebody should've thought "huh, lotta screams coming from that house, maybe I should call 911."
$C: Are they single?
$C: Shit I run towards screams like that with joy hoping I get to kick the shit out of spookies... In all seriousness though between fire training and military training fight or flight turns into "fuck not again, keep screaming so I can find you!" 
$C: If you ever watch paranormal activity. The end has a scream like that. 
$C: Thanks, dad.

Does it still cost a quarter every time I flip the light switch, or is it more like a dollar now because of inflation?

Also, can you make me a sandwich?

$C: [deleted]
$C: The double goddammit in all caps really sells it. 
$C: I love the second goddammit like he doesn't have anything to else to say but he still needs them to know that he's more upset. Goddammit. 
$C: Lol my dad lost his shit if I ever touched it then one day the wiring to my brother's room shorted and only his room had no power. My dad must've flipped all the switches for the entire house on and off 50+ times screwing over everything I was doing on my computer, my mom's computer, and all the TV's. When I asked him why he wasn't going to burn the house down when there was a legitimate problem with the wiring he told me to shut up.
$C: GODDAMNIT.
$C: As an older sibling and a dad I’m so torn by this comment.
$C: My dad's an electrician...you guys have no idea. 
$C: NEXT
$C: GOD DAMN IT JACK
$C: I read it in the Turrets Guy's voice which greatly improved my reading experience.
$C: Meanwhile, half of the electronics are fried in her room.
$C: That boy ain't right
$C: My friend thought is that the CB panel isn’t a toy and popping a breaker is expensive. 
$C: I was expecting something like that to happen when I first opened the video...
$C: THEN YOU SHOULDN'T HAVE GIVEN ME THE ROOM WITH THE BREAKER.

 • Son
$C: you sound like a high strung stress-inducing dick
$C: You get a car when you're 16? My parents must've forgotten that part
$C: May they not be allowed to do things because of your behavior.
$C: [deleted]
$C: That just hit a little to close to home.
$C: Dude, you're carrying a lot on your shoulders, as an older sibling.
$C: Jeez how common is getting a car for your 16th birthday? All I really remember getting is a $100 pair of Audio Technica headphones lol.
$C: I don't know about you but my brother got a 2017 WRX while I had to work for my shitty 168 k mile beater of a truck. I'm the youngest 
$C: Parents gave me a lottery ticket in my stalking, I turned 18 in september so I was like haha ok, my brother also got one...
$C: I wish i had younger siblings.  :(


I had (have) an older, bossy, bitchy sized who is about 10 years older, so she's more of an annoying aunt than a sibling.  I mean I still prefer that over being an only sibling because we're not spiteful ALL the time, but she's controlling and I'm not assertive, so it's a bad dynamic on my end.  But if I had a little sibling, I'd be the nice cool bro or whatever.  I'd be happy to drive it around and prank it and stuff :(
$C: My older sister got the car, not me :(
$C: Man that last point is like 90% of my life. 
$C: When they get the car, may you get socks that swoosh 
$C: Youngest sibling here.  Hey, at least you probably have photographs that exist of you as a child!
$C: Nicer car for their sweet 16? Thats some 1st world problems right there
$C: lol, must have been really hard getting a "just okay" car for your 16th dude
$C: I grew up alone, no siblings or dad, only my mum, but she wasn't very nice so I just stayed upstairs in a cold room on my own.
$C: I get why people are annoyed with this stuff at a very young age.. but surely it's common knowledge that this isn't them playing favourites (usually)? Kids don't come with a how to manual, everyone makes it up as they go. So when they say "no you can't do that" it's probably because they think you'll die if you do or whatever... eventually they relent and let you do whatever it was, then realise it really wasn't a big deal at all. At that point, denying the younger sibling permission to do the same *is* being a dick because they no longer have a genuine reason to do so.

Same thing for presents (your use a car as an example). If you're older then presumably when you were of the car getting age (seriously you got a car? God damn dude be happy!) I imagine your parents couldn't afford anything super nice. Few years later they have some more cash, they can buy a newer and better car for your sibling.

I know some parents suck but 99% of the time there's no malice in the treatment of siblings. And it's not like older siblings don't get a bunch of perks over the younger ones as well.
$C: I don't know why this pissed me off. I guess not all households are the same
$C: Is the car thing really such a common occurence? Cuz I've read so many similar stories about that. Why would a parent do that? I mean I'd be legit pissed if I got some old beater car and then my sibling got some nice new one. I mean yeah you got a car so you should be appreciative but still.
$C: Funny thing was my dad got a new car and gave my brother the old one.  When I was old enough he got a new car and passed the old ones down again lol.  I got the same car as my brother when he was 16, 5 years later.
$C: The way this is worded and the well-wishing reminded me of some lyrics to a song i really like and feel like sharing: 

>I hope that life without a chaperone is what you thought it’d be

> I hope your brother’s El Camino runs forever

> I hope the world sees the same person that you always were to me

> And may all your favorite bands stay together

-Dawes
$C: > get them a much nicer car for their 16th

I never got any type of vehicle (now 21), my little siblings are 11 and 13 so I'm just *waiting* to see what they're getting because I know for a fact it's coming.
$C: I am the younger sibling.  My brother got a car on this 16th.  I had to  buy my first car. 
$C: May you never pull up to the pizza joint at which you're intending to eat and suddenly be overcome by a vile ripeness, look in the back, and see your brother and his best friend alternating between jamming their hands in their pants and trying to wipe their sour nut funk on each other's faces. 
$C: Waaaaaahhh I had someone to deflect my parents' attention and anger.  
$C: May you have them respect you and you shit, and not use you for housing or money when you are both adults.
$C: I'm the second child but my parents definitely favoured my older sibling. RIP
$C: >May you not have to watch your parents get them a much nicer car for their 16th.


This hit a little too close to home

$C: > May you go the movies without having to bring them along.

Now that life has taken my sister and I half a country apart, I miss those times my mom made me take my sister to places because at least I got to spend time with her.

Dunno how old you are and if this is something you still deal with, but if so, learn to cherish it. You'll miss it someday. 
$C: People get cars for their 16th?..
$C: That last line.
$C: Car at 16...my parents made me choose . "We can buy you a car or pay for all your college tuition. Pick one? " 
I chose... wisely. 
$C: Yea man I hate when my parents buy my sibling a cooler car than the one they bought me smh
$C: > get them a much nicer car for their 16th.

shit people get kids cars?  I didn't even get to use the parents car till I was 17, and it wasn't even my car. And when 18, I only had use of it for a while and only for work.  then off to college with no car for 2 years.
$C: Aside from the getting a nicer car one, these all hit close to home for me. When my brother turned 16, I got super lucky and ended up getting my mom's old car when she got a new one which resulted in my brother getting my first car, which was a pt cruiser with wood panels....
I was surfing a lot back then and my dad, the thoughtful yet old guy that he is, bought me that car because he thought it was a "cool surfer car". To this day, I still haven't told him that I hated that car with a passion but a free car that drives is good enough for me. My brother came really close to getting my mom's car because I didn't have a better reason than I'm the older one as to why I should have gotten it. I finally convinced them that I should get my mom's SUV when I said it would give me more room for surfboards and would block my mirrors like in the pt cruiser. 

Once my parents left the room, my brother looked at me clearly pissed off and just said, "Fuck you". He also never told my parents he hated it. It's like an inside joke for us now and anytime that car is brought up during family conversations, the two of us will just look at each other barely holding in uncontrollable laughter. 
$C: And when she dies before you, may you have told her you loved her and all those things you were annoyed with, didn't matter because you were her big brother.
$C: Why do you assume OP is the older sibling? This is more of a younger sibling prank to me.
$C: This guy brothers.
$C: Please use punctuation. 
$C: When I was younger the city was installing some new sewage line along the main road by our house (the big 5 ft diameter stuff) and my dad told my teenage sister that they were upgrading the plumbing to our house so she would finally stop clogging the toilet
$C: > in my quick wit 

hmm...
$C: I wonder how many professional dancers were shut down by annoyed brothers😂 I do the same shit so I can’t say anything I guess lol
$C: Take a breath between sentences my man
$C: Way to stifle your sisters creativity. What if she would have become a professional dancer??
$C: Can you tell us what became of her later in life? Does she have a boring job or is she a creative type? You quelled her free spirit!
$C: My grandmothers basement had this light switch on the ceiling (very low ceiling). I used to go down there with my younger brother who was too short to reach it.

Often when we were done fucking around down there, I'd sneak out, switch off the light, close the door and leave. He'd then proceed to freak out, fumble around the pitch dark basement until he managed to find the door.

One time though, I had this brilliant idea. I did the same thing, except after I had left, I very quietly snuck back in while he was still trying to find his way over to the door. I snuck around behind him and jumped on him. He thought he was completely alone in the basement so he had the closest thing to a heart attack an 8 year old can.
$C: "was you" 
$C: That's funny and sad.
$C: thatd be funny if it stuck with her. like, shes legal fucking age, and she tells her boyfriend to fuck her softly or else the lights will go off
$C: Stories like this make me wish I had siblings. 
$C: “And that’s why you kids never jump in your rooms.”
$C: One more dancing career ruined. 
$C: This is funny but also kind of wrong.

Reminds of the story where a kid in elementary everyday has to draw a picture in class and the first time this kid is like: I am so good at drawing, I will draw such a beautiful flower! But it turns out that the teacher tells them *how* to draw their flower and this repeats everyday.
After sometime the kid attends a day different School and, again, the have to draw everyday and now the kid doesn't use it's imagination anymore but rather draws all the things he already drew in his previous school.

I feel like this story is somewhat related.
$C: The never ending sentence. 
$C: Something similar:

My stepfather's sister and her annoying fucking kids were visiting and at night they would play the TV loud as shit. I was in high school at the time so I needed to get some sleep. I finally got sick of it one night and went outside the house to where the cable connection is and disconnected it.

A few minutes of static and channel changing later and they finally cut the damn thing off.
$C: And you got $100% from your parents for keeping peace right?
$C: Their*
$C: [deleted]
$C: Wow, the perfect depiction of flight, fright, or freeze.  
$C: And as soon as you gather them all together, you must look at them seriously, before quietly asking "did you remember to banish it, from Wence it came?"

And then proceed to run to your room, get a suitcase and start packing, while yelling, "YOU'VE DOOMED US ALL, BY THE GODS YOU'VE DOOMED US ALL!!"
$C: >the Ouiji board

You mean the Luigi board?
$C: You might even say... *you were on a mission from God.*
$C: Sounds like they didn’t read the rules for the Ouija board. You’re never supposed to break the board.
$C: Here's a link:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IQqFYMPI6nY

Amelie is a great movie.
$C: That kind of great movie you mean
$C: You can say Super Bowl
$C: >"Don't do it, Big", my friends mom told me. "It's button six." She added.

thats how i know this is true.
$C: What kind of house has an intercom in the basement???
$C: 8 years old? Isn't that a bit early for a seance?
$C: Damn they just have a whole intercom system in their house? 
$C: You do realize, of course, that scare at their "seance" probably saved the world from another gagglefuck of chubby, angsty, fishnet-wearing, wiccan, goth girls with Jack Skellington everything, right? On behalf of society, I'd like to take this time to thank you. 
$C: Why is this written like a novel?
$C: > "What do you want be to say?" I asked through the intercom.

*me?
$C: How did you know he was smiling?
$C: you had a religion class?
$C: My religion teacher in 6th grade (Catholic school) said she saw Satan come out of her garbage can at her house. Told the story to a bunch of freaked out 6th graders all while sobbing and shaking...Then she was diagnosed with a brain tumor. It all makes sense now. 
$C: Because demons are chaotic evil, devils are lawful evil.
$C: The devil you know.
$C: Pretty sure op is a girl
$C: >and talking to her locker

Oh wow
$C: Lol my dad did this except instead of flipping the breakers he flipped the bird then disappeared. Just like a ghost! Oh man. 20 years later and I still think about it literally every day. He's such the prankster. 
$C: If she was talking to her locker, she was already crazy.
$C: My kind of jackass!
$C: Haha hilarious 
$C: Did she actually end up having any sort of mental issues? Or was she just temporarily scarred?
$C: >  so it gave us like 20 years of laughter

this comment is probably why people are giving you shit.
$C: I remember being high and a friend showing me Peter answers, I thought I was losing my mind.
$C: It's all fun and games until a couple girls stab their friend to death for Slenderman
$C: I'm laughing too! 

$C: What a fucking idiot! hahaha
$C: Have a spare cell phone? Hide it in the room on speaker and hold your phone up to a YouTube clip of German audio in reverse
$C: Can you roll your eyes in the back of your head, foam at the mouth and or chant in Latin?
$C: Buy a couple dolls and start leaving them in her room in different spots. If she throws it away, bust out one of the spares.

Edit: spelling
$C: Get her in on the next part. Let her know it was you flipping the lights on and off. Next time they Ouija, do the lights thing again, but this time, she'll fake a seizure at the same time.

Fuckin teamwork, yo.
$C: Put a doll outside her window staring in
$C: Having sex with her best friend then dumping her
$C: really faint music for 4-5 seconds at a time
$C: Man. . when I was like.. 9 or 10, I was really into those ghost shows. My dad sat with me and watched.  We were on the couch, which had an old rocking chair to the side.  Unbeknownst to me he had tied a small piece of black sewing string to our rocking chair and his the other end in his palm.   Right when things got spooky he tugged and made the chair rock ever so gently.  


&nbsp;

I gasped, no it must be my imagination as I looked and it has now stopped rocking.  The show progresses to some of the scarier ( for then, 9-10 year old me ) and he made it rock very hard..   I literally jumped off the couch into his arms screaming there's a spirit in the house!!! 


&nbsp;


Me, startled and him laughing his ass off, I yell " it's moving, look!" Trying to get him to see this paranormal shit going on right inside our own house.    I was genuinely horrified, tears and all... He finally turns on the lights.. " Look it was just me.. "..  pretty sure I was super pissed when I had realized what actually happened although I don't remember...  He still brings this up every opportunity.    Love you dad.

$C: If you want to go all out. Replace all the lights in her room with hue bulbs. They can be controlled by a smart phone. You can hit the breaker turn it back on then make all the lights red.
$C: Turn off the lights outside her bedroom, tape something creepy to the light switch in that room/hallway.  When one of them has to go to the bathroom, they'll blindly go for the light switch.  Fun stuff.

I sometimes do this if I find a big hairy dead bee.
$C: Connect fishing line to a safety pin, connect pin to window screen of the room they are in, let out enough line so you can hide on other side of fence/wall or behind a bush - pull the line tight but not enough to damage screen, run a wet rag back and forth on line so it makes noise, when they come out to look, let the slack out so it’s invisible, when they go back inside resume scary noises 
$C: You've already topped me. My biggest accomplishment as an older sibling was tying bologna to my sister's leg to make her less scared of the dog. It did not make her less scared of the dog.
$C: Couple options:

If she ever brings it up with you, just say it was probably whatever friend was sitting closest to the light switch playing a mean joke on her.  Sew discontent.

Or, just start leaving the board they were using laying out in random places with the finger piece thing spelling out something creepy one letter at a time.
$C: My younger brother is into horror movies too much so once in a while when I see him chilling on the sofa alone at night or even in afternoon(living room has no source of natural light) I get down on all fours like in the movie 'Grudge' and walk fast towards him. Works everytime. Try makeup if you really want the effects to last.

I am 33 and my brother 26. 
$C: https://m.imgur.com/gallery/lxd6V
$C: Correct fucking grammar in your next snapchat; that's what it's gonna be.
$C: If they don't know you're home - sneak into the kitchen, open all the cabinets, then make some noise (drag a chair across the floor, knock some plates around, whatever) and hide.
$C: Order some fake teeth and scatter them in weird places. Coat pockets, jean pockets, I dunno get creative with it. 
$C: *67 call, heavy breathing, random sound, creepy message.
$C: B
$C: Find out at 10
$C: I'll embrace for the downvotes, but as a Christian I feel the need to warn you about Ouija boards. They can really get you and your family members into real trouble. You probably won't believe me right now, but if your family members start showing signs of what you would maybe consider as a mental illness, please study what dabbling with the occult will do to you from a Christian perspective.
$C: > Those little girls screaming for their lives instantly restored me back to 100%

r/nocontext
$C: It's like monsters inc. it also works with giggles. 
$C: I feel like I had to scroll straight down to Hell to find this...*sigh*...
$C: Not if the electrical components are in series with a surge protector. Even then, its a fire hazard for the circuit.
$C: breakers are safety devices not to be fucked with like this
$C: yeah, it would pop light bulbs & anything not with a surge protector has a decent chance of bricking.
$C: My reaction to seeing this video, "will someone please think of the TiVo!"
$C: Explain please
$C: I feel like a dick whenever I see “an” used improperly. The letter (vowel or consonant) does not dictate usage. The sound does. 

Ouija begins with a W sound.
$C: Don't underestimate the evilness of younger siblings, if they are looking for
revenge.
$C: ["Older siblings are the evil siblings"](https://i.imgur.com/E5zUSjI.jpg)
$C: My entire life I've trained against an opponent that has towered over me, superior in strength and wit and grit.

You've only ever had to face someone half your size. 

Your era is coming to an end.
$C: *Smarter and more creative

And evil
$C: Yes? Older siblings here. Are the evil siblings what?!

What happened to you mid-sentence?!
$C: Came back from watching LotR: The Two Towers... Both younger sisters in their room discussing Gollum and his backstory. I crouch behind the desk by the door out of sight and stage whisper "my precioussss." They jumped so high I thought they'd hit the ceiling. Had me on the floor laughing so hard I couldn't breath. Wish I'd had a cell phone then!
$C: When me and my older brother got in fights I would pretend he hurt me really bad to draw him in close then slug him in the gut and run for my life. Eventually he stopped caring if I was hurt, but it was totally worth it for that sweet younger sibling revenge.
$C: https://readcomics.io/images/manga/the-perry-bible-fellowship-almanack/1/96.jpg
$C: My mother made me throw away my Warcraft box because she thought the orcs were demons and they were opening a portal to hell and making us all sick.

Religion.  Not even once.
$C: what's an "alarm clock"?

-the young iPhone owners screaming in the video
$C: >alarm clock

Get back to the retirement home you old coot.
$C: Even though I've seen this at least 10 times I still laugh every time I watch it. 
$C: This is why I want blanks for my gun. It would scare the shit out of him and he would think I fired a real bullet cause it’s a real gun.
$C: That is my favorite clip of all time.
$C: ...or can i buy one from a witch or a vegan?" lol

$C: This is the link I was looking for!
$C: That last one gets me every time 😂😂
$C: !redditsilver
$C: You found an O I see
$C: Now they’ll have a story to tell 
$C: thanks for the narration
$C: This ain't YouTube get that shit sense of humour and delivery outta here
$C: I totally did this and it was absolutely awesome. I was at my ex-girlfriends house with a bunch of friends. I asked the dad if it would be ok, and he thought it was genius. He showed me where the breaker box was and everything. 

THEY FREAKED OUT. I think I almost started a panic attack, so after about 15-30 seconds we turned it all back on. 

Best practical joke I’ve ever done.
$C: You'll have another chance in January 2038.
$C: My older brother did this. We had a house full of people for our New Year's party too. We freaked the fuck out.
$C: I was 10 years old at the time and my family was pretty convinced the apocalypse was about to go down. I would have shit myself if someone did that.
$C: This equals 21 savages 
$C: Remember the good times and keep laughing
$C: RIP. he must have been a very good dog.
$C: Sorry to hear that mate, always a very tough thing to do. 
$C: I know how you feel. Just do your best.
$C: So sorry for the loss of your bud. 
$C: Try communicating with it with an ouja board.
$C: K
$C: Hell yeah that sounds hilarious, you got them good!! 
$C: People who have sex with the lights off. 
$C: I cany believe i had to scroll this far to find some common sense. This was my first thought.
$C: OP is an older sister. 
$C: "Get off my lawn!"
$C: Or they were actually trying to scare you away from ever using one again by making it mysteriously appear and disappear.
$C: 24 years and they keep playing the joke thats some dedication
$C: Not even OC smh
$C: Greg Brady made a UFO appear this way. 
$C: Fyi: gopros (atleast hero3 and up) can stream live to a cellphone with a 1-2 second delay and will last a couple hrs
$C: Better yet, assuming it has a window, do it at Halloween and make them watch the original Amittyville Horror, THEN do the ouija board. Get two tiny Xmas light and set them up in the window. When you turn the lights out, make the 2 lights in the window flash just like the movie. It's just enough that one will see the first time and everyone will see the second time. Major freakout ensues because that movie is scary at any age and terrifying if you're under 16. Make sure to remind them throughout the movie that not only is that house real, but the family and priest are real people and have all passed lie detector tests ;)
$C: Just one room, and from the sound a younger girls room.  Highly doubt they would even have a laptop 
$C: These days they probably have laptops, or enthusiasts would have a UPS.
$C: It’s not 1993 anymore. 
$C: Why would the computers be on the same breaker as the lights?
$C: I hate changing breakers. Something about being inches away from a super painful death is not fun to me.
$C: Lol I had to see if somebody commented that first before I did 
$C: [deleted]
$C: Same.. Deep off into reddit when Suddenly I hear the light switch sound and then little girls screaming. 
$C: Looks like you might have accidentally replied to your post instead of replying to whatever comment you meant to reply to. 
$C: I've heard both "We Ja" and "O E Ja", so  it's up to you. 
$C: No, it needs to escalate before the reveal
$C: As a native speaker it sounds off. "An Weegee Board" is how it sounds to me.
$C: You're correct. As I've heard it type, it's like saying an unicorn.
$C: As a rule, forget what the letter is but how the word sounds when spoken out loud. If it sounds like it begins with a vowel then use 'an' but ouija has a 'wee' sound at the beginning so should be 'a ouija board'. 

Good job for picking it up; it's a tough one.
$C: You deserve the best sibling award
$C: I guess he's late because he probably died...again..
$C: I just share the thread.
$C: [YouTube link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NAdnXKw3pl4)
$C: You must be an ebayer 
$C: Dude, that sounds so scary.
$C: The religious nuts around here (MI) are a special kind
$C: You're a square
$C: /r/evenwithcontext
$C: Uhmmm... that escalated quickly.
$C: *P*
$C: OP is an older sister.
$C: A couple of light bulbs on that circuit?
$C: A weegee board
$C: If you're honestly asking the  first one yes
$C: I've always said "An O-Weejee board " but I'm originally from a redneck area of America so don't take it for gospel. 
$C: Ouija is pronounced weejee
$C: Dubbed in from the amusement park.       /s
$C: Well, sort of. Flip those letters around a little bit.
$C: They deserve it
$C: Why would they be playing Ouija in their kitchen?
$C: Go on the paranormal subreddit and sort by new. Have a look at the post histories. You find a staggering amount of mental illness ranging from depression to absolutely batshit insane. 

The rest are people who just lack critical thinking and assume their experiences are legit. Someone wakes up from a sleep (or is still dreaming) and sees something weird and gets convinced its a ghost and refuses to accept the idea they were hallucinating in their tired state or had sleep paralysis or whatever. That kind of thing.
$C: ghosts*
$C: Isn't Ouija board pronounced with an "oui"?
$C: I was wondering what he was doing at three vending machine...
$C: Where do I obtain a wedgie board? Do I have to make my own wedgie or can I buy one from a witch or vegan?
$C: You know what they call a quarter pounder with cheese in France?
$C: But... It's funny tho
$C: >Weird stuff happens ***in your imagination***,
>

FTFY
$C: > Wouldn't recommend it. Doing the board, I mean.

I'd recommend it. 
$C: r/conspiracytheories is leaking...
$C: Which one?
$C: Not sure if this is what you were talking about but oh man, my friend hid in the shower with two laser pointers once while her sister was playing bloody mary with her friends. When the bathroom was dark she shone them on the mirror like two glowing eyes. Pure gold. 
$C: Or if you have flat wood siding or brick take a 2x4 and slap it against the wall.
$C: No its really not
$C: That would make for an even scarier effect, imagine playing with a ouija board and suddenly the lights go off on on and then *EXPLODES*!
$C: This has exactly the same effect as unplugginging something and then plugging it back in. If the device cannot survive that, it has a design flaw. 
$C:  Lol, just realized the "an" and went back and pronounced it like "Ooja" board. Someone should make a knockoff using that name. 
$C: OP is a girl. 
$C: Ouija boards are meant to contact the spirit realm (or something like that). Isn't that inherently spooky? It's been pretty common for teenagers and such to pull out a board around Halloween to freak each other out for a long time.
$C: Wow. What a cool guy. So smart. Silly bitches not realizing you were that big an asshole. 


$C: Start playing with Ouija board and maybe you'll find a "friend" :|
$C: Spoiler: Oujia boards are toys, and ghosts don't exist.


You're more likely to be murdered as a direct result of playing cluedo than you are to be haunted as a direct result of using ouija boards.

$C: Maybe the OP did that not to impress his/her sister's friends, but instead what we see is some old school sibling fighting.

source; I am 34 years old, my sister is 31 years old and I am still "jealous" of her. The older sibling will never get over the fact that he/she is not an only child anymore. Can be managed, but it will never disappear. 
$C: OP is the older sister.
$C: OP is the older sister.
$C: It's not "an Ouija", it's "a Ouija".

It may have French-style spelling, but it starts with a consonant sound (W), so the proper indefinite article is "a".
$C: OP is an older sister.
$C: OP is a sister.
$C: Whoa I did the same thing, only they had a view of the city and knew it was me messing with them.
$C: OP is a sister.
$C: That took a dark turn at the end
$C: Not likely. But if you have electronics plugged into that specific circuit you are playing with it the surge could cause issues if you don’t have them protected. 

All my electronics have surge protectors just in case Mother Nature plays this prank on me. 
$C: poor sport
$C: Lol circuit breaker panels are perfectly safe. Arc explosions happen when you form a complete a circuit between 2 poles. It has nothing to do with flipping a circuit breaker switch.
$C: Electrical panels?
$C: Please do not post email addresses on /r/Funny. Even if they're fake.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/funny) if you have any questions or concerns.*
$C: You have been living in a cave my friend
$C: Please do not post email addresses on /r/Funny. Even if they're fake.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/funny) if you have any questions or concerns.*
$C: That's the circuit breaker. By flipping the switch he's cutting off all the power(including the lights) to third room making it seem like there's a spirit in the room
$C: ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
$C: /r/NothingIsReal 
$C: Can you tell a story that's more irrelevant to the post pls. This one was only a little irrelevant.
$C: He turned off the power to the room simulating a paranormal response to the ouija board. 
$C: That's funny. Who is this though?
$C: Was it [this guy?](https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/7qp34o/im_that_sibling/dsrelbx)
$C: Mom who has done these kinds of things...your life is fixin to get AWESOME!
$C: Because you might attract the Ghost of Gullibility?
$C: It had it
$C: It does have sound you need to tap the bottom left corner where the speaker has a X over it. If your using an iPhone 
$C: Un-huh. Will do. In fact, my phone is now haunted for reading this!
$C: Okay. I wanted to check you on this, so I pulled out the old "Ouja" board to set up a conference call between my grandfather, Satan, and the guy who trimmed Stalin's beard.

Unfortunately, it wasn't very productive, as they were all dead and pallor tricks like this have a very hard time reversing time or entropy.
$C: I imagine that must involve an incredible amount of bodily control.
$C: This could apply to either crypto mining or good old pickaxe and bucket.
$C: How does one dive a horse?
$C: I'll bet you're an riot at parties..
$C: So, which one of these is wrong?

"An historical event" or "A history class"
$C: No they haven't.
$C:  sources?
$C: lol.
$C: They're usually labeled on the back side of the door.
$C: It’s the main power circuit breaker for his sisters room
$C: ...what?
$C: None of that is real. I used to believe too, but there's nothing to Ouija boards that can't be explained with science and psychology. 

Test it yourself. Have people play totally blindfolded. The "ghost" will spell gibberish because the people playing can't see. They're either consciously or subconsciously moving the planchette. 

The truth is a simple Google search away.
$C: I have so many questions. 
$C: wtf?
$C: What is wrong with you?
$C: Just a sticker.
$C: Or just take the 10 minutes to learn how to change a breaker yourself and then spend an additional 5 minutes doing it..
$C: It's worth it just for this video
$C: No, that switch unleashes real ghosts upon OP's sister and her friends. You have to pay the electrician extra for the spiritual circuit-breaker. 
$C: /r/thathappened
$C: She is "the other side"
$C: This is the best comment. 

OP dont fuck it up and tell her, just quietly laugh the rest of your life. 
$C: That's just invading her privacy
$C: You could prove it by doing a reverse audio search for the screams (not sure if that exists though).
$C: Oh for fuck’s sake, I’ll bite: “They’re not?”

Kindly explain the reason **they are made by a toy company.**
$C: They are toys.
$C: You might shorten the life of your circuit breakers a little, but they are made to be switched on and off, as are your household appliances. The biggest risk is typically that someone working on a computer might lose unsaved data. 
$C: ... what?
$C: > True hero’s don’t wear capes.

No, but sometime's they wear extra apostrophe's.
$C: "Did I just score?"
$C: [Hehhuhhuhhheh](https://youtu.be/mDqsgbtpDLk)
$C: I read it as Bender
$C: More like Peter griffin
$C: I heard it in Bender's voice.
$C: Butt heads laugh is more huh huh huh
$C: I wasn't, but now I do. 
$C: I'm reading that as Cartman hehe
$C: I don’t even watch that show but I think the voice I used was similar to theirs. 
$C: Watch the video for the real thing.
$C: They probably need TP for their bungholes after this. 
$C: I read it with Cartmans voice
$C: I’m reading that as a Battlecharger laugh.
$C: I imagined it as Jörg Sprave's (from [The Slingshot Channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVZlxkKqlvVqzRJXhAGq42Q)) jolly laugh

https://youtu.be/rhiRORoRXhY?t=8s
$C: [AC/DCYING INTENSIFIES]
$C: Same
$C: “They want to see my unit!” 
$C: Who didn’t?
$C: I assume it's just the breaker for the lights.
$C: #JoeKnew
$C: RCT2 is a masterpiece and I will fight anyone who disagrees.
$C: The memories. Oh how fantastic it was to pick up that angry park guest and put him in a prison of his own design inside a random hole. "Go karts are too intense" my ass guest number 456. 
$C: I played so much RCT as a kid, that I can identify all the different clips they used for the screams.
$C: Fun fact, Rollercoaster Tycoon was written using Assembly. Blows my mind every time I think about it. 
$C: LMFAO, holy shit this is a stunningly-accurate description. 
$C: If you love rct and want to play with friends, look up openrct2. Enjoy!
$C: Fucking best game ever!
$C: ha ha agree
$C: Hit the nail on the head. Rollercoaster Tycoon 2 was my shit as a kid.
$C: Some might even call it a video
$C: Myself, I prefer me one of them non-moving videos.
$C: Audio gif? Come on, dude. 
$C: >audio gif
$C: Yeah, its like lots of sequential photos AND sounds...together.
$C: Me neither..
$C: Glad I'm not the only one that was missing the sound
$C: Better? You kind of lose the point without the audio.
$C: An... audio gif? How high are you? :D
$C: Your comment resulted in me deciding to watch it with the sound off. I’d give it a 7/10.
$C: Talking pictures
$C: > audio gif

Can we make this a new meme so everyone forgets about that shitty knuckles thing?
$C: I have the regular Reddit app and it plays video and sound just fine 
$C: [deleted]
$C: I use BaconReader too, but if you click on the link it’ll bring you to the source with sound. Just annoying you have to make a few extra steps though 
$C: Now for Reddit is the superior reddit app
$C: Try Joey! No ads
$C: I use Relay
$C: Wrong. Lever.
$C: There's so many reasons why and most of them is probably whatever you're trying to view the video in is shit
$C: At the bar I work at there are some fire fighters that come in from time to time. They will some times tell me their “war stories,” and are really funny for the most part. Except, the other night, this one fire fighter told me a story that gave me chills. He said he was on fire watch a at three-person fatality house fire. Nothing survived in the house, including the people and pets. So he was walking around the charred house looking for potential hotspots, so it doesn’t strike up again, when he looks down and sees a piece of paper in the what-would-be living room in the light of his flashlight. He gets closer, picks it up, and realizes it’s a piece of a Ouija Board... The part that says “GOODBYE”
$C: *Whoa

https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/suggestions/woah
$C: r/whoa
$C: You think that's A-I-R you're breathing?
$C: What if the Ouija board made you... eh fuck it.
$C: How can Ouija Boards be real when our hands arent even real? 
$C: Calm down, Crash Bandicoot!
$C: Ouija do that

$C: So meta
$C: https://s3.amazonaws.com/static.carthrottle.com/workspace/uploads/comments/whoafullhd-54f9f019e2f65.jpg
$C: /r/imstonedandthisisdeep
$C: Nice try, Ouija board 
$C: W
$C: What does Luigi have anything to do with it? 
$C: Woah. 
$C: What if the Ouija board made your parents fuck, eventually leading you to come here and comment on that comment?
$C: Can you burn a *Luigi* board?
$C: What if the Ouija board is making you comment here on reddit about me commenting here on reddit about that event...
$C: Can we get this ouija board to do an AMA?
$C: Decoy Ouija board.
$C: What if the Ouija board told you to upvote my comment?
$C: >What if the Ouija board is making you comment here on reddit about that event?

*Ouija Board

D...O..U...K...N...O...D...E...W...E...Y...
$C: What if the Ouija board is making us all comment here to mask itself in skepticism of it being more than just a board?
$C: But who was phone?
$C: Woah.
$C: How can Ouija be real?
$C: Ouija did this 
$C: Woah.
$C: Thanks, amigo 
$C: And my axe?
$C: The house comes with the circuit breakers. Kind of a buy one, get one deal. 
$C: JUST GET A HOUSE LOOL 4HEad
$C: Stop eating avocado toast, sweaty!
$C: Bay Area's "I'm just never gonna be a homeowner :,D" squad right here!
$C: Nah that's up to mom and dad!
$C: Ooo mr. fancy pants over here can afford an emoji.
$C: My apartment has a circuit breaker?
$C: and hands... 
$C: Don't forget about arms. Those are important. 
$C: and a "brazzers" logo.
$C: I like your Reddit name
$C: And to beforehand know exactly which switch is which
$C: Nah, I rent a duplex and I have a circuit breaker. No need to acquire a house. 
$C: I'll be your.... Sister.
$C: I'l be upstairs in the bedroom.
$C: How much do you charge?
$C: I'm your Huckleberry.
$C: I'll flip all your switches. But then I'll flip them back because I got meat in the freezer and I'm not throwing that shit out. 
$C: And I'll be your Ouija board!
$C: If you wanna be my circuit breaker, you gotta get with my friends 
$C: A girls pussy, duh.
$C: This is how people come to believe in the actual paranormal. If she never tells her little sister, her and her friends will live their lives swearing that ghosts are real.
$C: Ten years later when the sister is on Reddit:

"What's something inexplicable that happened to you when you were a kid?"
$C: Speaking as an electrician, this is how electrical fires start.
$C: My Dad has four brothers and two sisters.  His Dad took the whole family to see the Exorcist the day it came out.  His youngest sister was eight.  After they got home and everyone went to sleep, him and all his brothers snuck into their youngest sisters room, all got under the bed, and actually hoisted and shook it violently from beneath.

My aunt still claims to this day it was the most terrifying moment of her life.
$C: "I felt something, you guys."
$C: This calls to question all the stories I’ve heard in my life about paranormal stuff. 
$C: OP don't need to say shit. Not for at least another 10 years.
$C: How do I find if there a ghost in my house without using a weggy board?
$C: I remember when I was a kid at a party all of us rushed into the bathroom to bloody mary.  One of the older kids let out a low pitched groan right when we finished saying bloody mary 3 times.  We all shit our pants.
$C: And when you are a kid you really believe the urban legends. You assume everyone else is also honestly trying to unwrap the mysteries of the universe. Is magic real? Are black holes portals to other universes? This true story about kids playing with a ouija board and then getting killed by a sudden ball lightning is evidence of something.

I mean, if a story was fiction surely it would be specifically labeled as such.
$C: 15 years later: "Tifu by scaring my sibling when they were playing the Ouija board"
$C: Makes me wonder if he ever told his sister what he did
$C: I love the fact that nobody had attempted to ruin that 11111 upvotes number
$C: https://www.reddit.com/r/greentext/comments/7qpfkq/anon_loves_cod_4/?utm_source=reddit-android
$C: I flipped the main breaker to get back at my sister when we were young. Something broke and the power wouldn’t turn back on!  Electrician had to come out in the middle of the night. Parents were pissed lol. 
$C: Was it mine cause I did that...
$C: We had a big middle school watch party for the ring when one of my buddies parents were out of town. The dvd has a special section where you could watch the ‘film’ that the people in the movie watched. My buddy, another friend, and I stepped out quietly. As soon as the video ended we flipped the circuit breaker, waited a second, then called the land line. 15 middle schoolers collectively poo’d their pants.
$C: I always thought the guy who works the power grid on the Samoan? Islands (they experience January 1st before the rest of the planet) had probably the only opportunity ever presented to a human being to prank the entire world. I'm sure it could have potentially caused global panic, but dammit, if he shut off the Islands at midnight... ?  It's once in a thousand years, the prison sentence would've been be so worth it. 
$C: Lol I stood by the light switch during the countdown and turned the light off as soon as midnight came. 6th grade me thought it would be funny
$C: I was only 6 during Y2K but this sounds fucking amazing.
$C: I was 13 and did that to my friends with the help of my awesome Mom. It was hilarious! 
$C: NYE 1999 everyone was terrified about Y2k. I was in a hotel around Toronto and the fire alarm was pulled at midnight. Everyone thought the workd was ending, screaming and running out of the hotel. 
$C: Someone did that to us on y2k and I was tripping balls on acid. Not cool
$C: Same thing happened at the party I was at. 
$C: Friends and I would do that in the early years of High School. We called it power-boxing. Would go to the side of a house with a party going on, flip the main and run
$C: Same here. Was at my uncle's house and he snuck downstairs at midnight out went the lights 
$C: Were you in Pa? 
$C: lol yeah, same here!
$C: FYI - Flipping the main house breaker on and off is a good way to fuck up your refrigerator. 
$C: My uncle did that too!  I was too young to realize why everyone was freaking out, but I knew they were freaking the hell out all right.
$C: Back in my day we would have to mercilessly ridicule our siblings uphill, both ways, in ten feet of snow.
$C: Wait for smart switches and google home or alexa, and you can sit downstairs in your chair and tell google/amazon to turn the lights and other devices on and off. Wouldnt even need to go find the breaker box. 
$C: You have learned well, grasshopper. 
$C: Seriously, my brother just beat me. He could have saved himself so much trouble by flipping a switch and fucking me up for life.
$C: Hell I'd do this to my daughter XD
$C: It's like that Twilight Zone episode.
$C: The game with my siblings was flushing the toilet when another was taking a shower. 

The temperature shot up from warm and relaxing to surface of the sun. 
$C: I'm confused. Wouldn't the lights be out for a seance? You are supposed to just use candles. Who does scary shit with the lights on?
$C: I introduced my brother to counter strike back in like 2003 or so.  I did not realize that getting him interested in computer games meant that I would have to then share the computer.  So if he was on the computer I would just flip the breaker to the office without him knowing and then he'd just go watch tv or something.  I'd then switch it back and resume the headshotting.
$C: You gotta prep it by pretending to be a scaredy cat about it and how people have died and gone crazy from it then beg her not to do it. Sells it even better if she buys it enough to make fun of you for being a chicken. Then when you flip the lights, all those worries you had will become hers right when it happens. lol
$C: I mean, you could go up afterward and announce it was actually you flipping the switch if they're that damaged from it
$C: I mean, he even has video of it for proof, sooo...
$C: I wouldn't call this innocent
$C: “Where is Rick and Morty season 4?”
$C: Seek mental help.
$C: Lmao at the edit 
$C: Get this fookin guy outta here!

$C: Meh, weak. 
$C: What the fuck
$C: Jokes on you guys I'm actually not retarded 🤙🏿
$C: Yes The Ring! So many good pranks with that movie. The first time we watched that I was at my friends place and of course it was super late at night. As soon as the movie ended the house phone rang and we all flipped out. Well all of us except my asshole friend who was dying of laughter because he called the phone at 2am to freak us out. After that we made it a point to try and show that movie to as many people as we could and pull the same prank, good times. 
$C: Anyone that complained should have had an ironing board thrown at their head
$C: As an ex-christian guy, I know first hand that I was absolutely terrified of demons. 

Now, my ghost friend Stan and I hang out all the time. :-) 
$C: Ohhh god, I went to a catholic high school for three years and senior year we had this “retreat” thing.  Where a portion of the senior class would go to a retreat house for four days. Anyways the first night we got there one of my buddies let slip that he believes in ghosts and that this place “better not be haunted”. While he’s in the restroom I sneak in his room and turn the crucifix upside down then run away. I heard him scream and run outta there. Then some other guys snuck into his room and tossed everything  (that was a bit much) then he cane back and thought a ghost did it. I felt bad but it was funny as hell
$C: I can't understand this. I was raised Christian but was never afraid of demons or anything because Christians are taught NOT to fear them because they hold no power over us. If demons do exist, devout Christians should be the last ones to fear them. I'm not a girl though, so maybe that has something to do with it. Some girls are just downright jumpy and afraid of everything. 
$C: “I had a friend”
$C: One of my friends had this cd of really creepy 1940s music, one time he put it on while him and his gf were driving home late one night and whenever she tried making conversation with him he would just stare straight ahead and not answer her. Just started being super weird/creepy. Then he went in another direction and when she asked where he was going still wouldn’t answer. He stopped at this graveyard nearby that has a reputation for being haunted, stopped the car, and just turned to her and stared at her in silence, still not answering her when she tried to ask what he was doing. Then, after a few minutes, he turned the car back on and drove home and acted as if he had no recollection of what had happened. She was so mad at him lmfao.
$C: Christian or whatever amount of gods you believe in, the red lights from a brake light can be damn spooky.
$C: Shit, with how evil that was he might have been the demon himself.
$C: I would've broken up with that little shit immediately
$C: My best friend is super religious, he cried when he was 19 because he thought he was going to hell for fucking his girlfriend. He still gets mad when I taunt demons n shit. In hindsight maybe that's why I have awful luck. Meh, messing with friends is more fun thhan luck tho
$C: shouldn't christians not be afraid of demons?
$C: Is this the US again? Nobody believes in demons anymore, not even Catholics in Europe.
$C: As an ex-christians myself my friend from 3rd grade to jr. year of  college used to joke about how he was the New Jersey devil. I was sure he was, and can say with confidence we would have been friends from 1st grade to now, but that goddamn lier scared me for 2 years.
$C: \>[mfw](http://i0.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/facebook/000/012/834/manfaceaua.jpg) I realize I literally just got my friend's brother killed because he tried to play a prank on me
$C: You have to keep your hands both up, and down, and crawl on your hands, without getting down.
$C: I do that with an old TracFone, thing is about as old as the Nokia Brick, but stilk works. Use that number for anything that may spam-call me, and usually leave it off most of the time. Problem solved for about USD $10 a month
$C: Good night
$C: Yeah 
$C: It's common in the US for people to start working in their teens. They get a car at 16 and pretty much start working half-time right away to get their own money, have some more Independence, etc 

In some ways it's good because by the time you're 18 you're not some momma's boy that can't cook, hasn't worked a day in your life, and is practically not capable of living alone at all.

I've met some completely defenseless 22 year olds and some super mature 17 year olds. I'd rather have the latter be my child.
$C: So what if it was a Saturday job? Or working in the evening? Or two days of work, three days of school?
$C: And I planned to be an English minor :/
$C: Lies
$C: I wish I were this bold.
$C: Oh shit, can you do an AMA?
$C: I'm planning to do the same. It's been a year though and I could really use some tips.
$C: It was awful.
$C: I’m not sure I did, how can you know? 
$C: I will also die in 7 days, sometime.
$C: What was it like?
$C: I'm late but yeah r/thathappened
$C: Now that's an *obscure* reference 
$C: You are in an open field on the west side of a white house with a boarded front door.
$C: It’s been too long since I’ve seen that referenced...
$C: I remember this from a txt-based MUD I played as a kid called Realms of Kaos. Did not know it had a different origin :)
$C: revenge, for eating all the paste
$C: God, I haven't played Zork in years!  Thanks for the reminder to get back to my roots!
$C: I just gave you your 2000th upvote on this comment and it was so much more satisfying than I anticipated.  I need a smoke.
$C: Damn how old are you to be making that reference?
$C: ZORK!
$C: Or ghouls.

You know, lil green ghouls.

Like *click*
$C: Lmfao I don't even know what a Grue is but it sounds funny
$C: You are likely to be eaten by a grue,  
If this predicament seems particularly cruel  
consider whose fault it could be,  
Not a torch or a match in your inventory.
$C: > by Gru
$C: thought you said glue and was a wee bit confused
$C: *rifles through beastiary* 

so necrophage oil??
$C: I'm still scared of those damn things :<
$C: And somewhere on 4chan a guy posts about fucking his sister.

Some guy did this after the hawaii alert thing.
$C: Practice makes Perfect!
$C: > from Waikiki

Isn’t that the guy who wrote Thor and that Wilderpeople movie?
$C: Hot and fresh, just the way I like it.
$C: Fresh meme
$C: •Silent Hill Sirens

•Sister and friend hear screams from Silent Hill
$C: "No dumb-ass.  Alt F1 is what you press to clock out from your shift."
$C: /r/nosleep 

>I tried pranking my sister with the switch board (part 1172)
$C: \>spill spaghetti all over the breaker

\>all power shuts off

\>hear demon voice 

\>"Open"

\>"Open the door" 

\>"Open the door get on the floor, everybody walk the dinosaur"
$C: Not quite enough personal shame and guilt.  Maybe if the girls rushed in to find him naked humping the fusebox.
$C: Are you fucking sorry!?
$C: Please end in incest. 
$C: What does it smell like?  Cheetos and Mt. Dew?  Axe body spray and BO?  Coconut butter lotion and shame?
$C: You need a space after the asterisks.
$C: As an electrician, i must apologize for my fellow tradesmen who keep doing this. Its shameful. Often the result of renovations.
$C: Hell no.
$C: But how do we make it a win-win-win situation?
$C: It's almost as good as picking up the other phone and throwing a water balloon at the sink.
$C: win-win-*win*
$C: They are terrible actors they looked directly at the camera like 20 times.
$C: I just edited the word from bro to sibling to shut everyone up and it italicized it.  Either way I don’t really care. 
$C: I fixed my comment so you can get your panties out of the bunch they were in. Ok? 
$C: I love how you jump straight into labeling it misogynistic instead of the much more likely, "75% of reddit is male, so it's a safe default assumption".
$C: Yup someone made a comeback at me in a contentious thread that I have a small dick. 🤷‍♀️
$C: [deleted]
$C: No, he brother
$C: Eventually his cycle lined up with theirs. Doctors are still confounded by it.
$C: His dad got 6 children! Time to cut some Penis.
$C: Is that rare? I have the exact amount. No brothers. 
$C: How would metal bands operate?
$C: He would mess with his sisters by letting out a scream. One day one of them retaliated by screaming the same way. He got spooked 🎺
$C: [deleted]
$C: Ask your mother.
$C: Not only does it cost a $1 each time, but nowadays it also kills a 1/4 acre of the Amazon rainforest.
$C: With most people switching to LED bulbs now the light is basically turning itself on and off hundreds of times a minute on its own.
$C: Poof, you're a sandwich.
$C: "POOF! You're a sandwich."
$C: *poof* you're a sandwich.
$C: Ask your mother.
$C: No son, I won't make you a sandwich. But, if you want... I can... give... something else... to you.......
$C: No, but breakers actually do have a lifespan and the more times they trip the more likely they are to trip in the future. In the grand scheme of things it’s not a big deal because they cost $10 and take 5 minutes to replace, but if you don’t have somebody savvy enough to swap it you’re looking at a $200 visit from an electrician in the future if they do need replacing.

$C: I don't know if you can start a fire, but I know you can fry a cable box by doing this 
$C: You can start a fire from the breaker panel, but only under the right (or perhaps wrong) circumstances. Just using them to turn the power on or off (like in this video) is harmless. 

It's when the breakers turned off by themselves that it can get dangerous, since that usually indicates an electrical fault. If you then turn them back on without solving the fault you force electricity trough it. At first this will just turn off the main breaker, but someone who doesn't know a lot about electricity might try to hold them both in their on position in an attempt to turn the power back on. Depending in the severity of the fault, this can potentially cause a fire within seconds.
$C: Eh, not really. But if this circuit has a fridge or a freezer on it, you could seriously fuck up that appliance.
$C: Just rich people things
$C: My parents must've forgotten I exist
$C: My parents said they saved so much money when I left that they could suddenly afford cars for *both* my younger brothers.
$C: Mine forgot that part for me but not for my younger brothers... 
$C: My parents gave me a vehicle on my 16th birthday. It was the family van that was older than I was, but it was free and therefore awesome. 
$C: You didn't? I woke up to a new truck on my 16th. 

It was a Matchbox car but still it was something. 
$C: May they never get the extracurricular opportunities you did because being an overachieving parent gets boring.
$C: May the odds be ever in your favour
$C: M E T A

E

T  

A
$C: If it makes you feel better; My parents bought a car for my older brother (when he was a Jr. In college), and my little sister(Jr. In highschool) but here i am, 2nd semester Jr. In college with no car. Apparently being the only one with a minimum wage job disqualifies you from getting a car "because you have money". 
$C: [deleted]
$C: Rip dip potato chip
$C: you chose wrong parents, my dude
$C: I thought sitting in the front seat was an issue of size. Apparently, safety is "unfair."

(EDIT) Let me clarify: I am the oldest and largest. My younger, smaller sister got access at the same time as me. Ridiculous, I know.
$C: Stop hitting yourself close to home.
$C: Judging by reddit it's a common US thing, because the cities sprawl out so much and public transport is crap.
Not a thing in Europe where everything is near everything else and (at least in the UK and Germany iirc ) the public transport is really decent.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Hey, at least you'll learn how to repair your truck. He's gonna run that thing for 100k miles until he has to worry about a repair
$C: Idk why, but you calling your hypothetical sibling an "it" made me laugh ridiculously hard. Thanks for that.
$C: I think it’s one of those grass is always greener on the other side deals. A lot of times I wish I had an older brother who could have given my parents some better knowledge on what to expect for me. I’m pretty much the test dummy and it’s pretty nerve wracking for the more important things like colleges
$C: You say that, but sometimes the youngest child will learn to be a huge pain in the ass in order to compete for attention and resources.
$C: Did she become your chauffeur after recieving the car? Cause that's what happened to me lol.
$C: Perfectly reasonable =/= fair

And a part of maturity is taking life's unfair moments in stride. I don't blame my parents at all for the decisions they made like those, but it doesn't mean it wasn't unfair. I just have to accept they did the best they could and move on. 
$C: Grandpa got me an old Camry after my parents dumped me on my ass with absolutely nothing. When we got it there was also a '67 Firebird on the lot that the owner had done some work on and never came back to pick it up, so the dealership only wanted to get their money back from it (they were asking something to the tune of $6,000 while I paid $5,100 for my Camry) Obviously I never said anything to Gramps cause beggars can't be choosers but damn if I'm not glad he picked the Camry today.
$C: Oh god pt cruisers,  three way tie for ugliest car with Aztecs and Cayennes.  Score for you!  
$C: This brother guys
$C: Doesn't punctuate, though. 
$C: This guy happens to have brothers or sisters of his own but they never taught him the rule of including periods occasionally in his sentences that he types on Reddit 
$C: This brother guys
$C: Could be a sister. Just sayin. 
$C: I mean, that whole thing is such a mess, it's probably better to just give up on them and move on. Old dog, new tricks yahtayahta...
$C: Did this to my sister before. She was ~~Stomping around her room~~ "Dancing." We flicked the power in her room off and on quick - she came running down and, in a panic, said her power went off. In my quick wit I said "Were you jumping up and down? Because that can cause it to disconnect from the rest of the house." She never jumped around her room again. It was good.

I had to fix it. My God, that was painful to read. 
$C: Sister "dance". Power off room. Sister panics. Tell "you thump thump room cut cut.".
$C: Punctuation serves a function. It isn't an end in itself. I thought wowlagmaster's post really worked in a McCarthy-like way. It's got a stream-of-conscious and 'real' vibe to it.
$C: Maybe they're too young to have their periods yet? 
$C: I kinda like it this way. The internet has its style, it reads more casually and fluently this way, kinda like a lot of Tumblr posts

But you know, different people different age groups might not like it. 
$C: Just do what you do when someone says something to you and you didn't understand wtf they just said. Smile, nod your head and move on. 
$C: Strikethroughs and quotes best I can do.
$C: no
$C: Nah cba
$C: new web series of how siblings ruined the Dreams of one another by showing what would have happened in a alternate reality if they supported one another instead
$C: Breathe when you want not when i say live by that rule until the end of days
$C: i wish it put her off her singing and dancing but it was already too late.
$C: funny enough she does plays now nothing really big last one i know she did was Jekyll and hyde (not a major part) she met her now fiancé through the same group so in reality i didnt stop her at all. not sure what she is doing for work atm last i checked she was working in a store.
$C: That or she’s really disappointed through their whole married life because no matter how hard he fucks her, it’s never enough to bring out the lights. 
$C: she looked at me as if i was bullshitting her and our dad went yeah it can really happen as soon as she went back upstairs we all started laughing
$C: "WHAT ARE YOU DOING IN MY SWAMP??"
$C: Fight flight freeze you mean
$C: [deleted]
$C: [Obligatory MBMBaM](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mCuBjMNlnVs)
$C: I just saw this mentioned in the other thread about Paddington 2. My old boss who now works on indie films always said this was her favorite movie. The universe wants me to watch this now I suppose.
$C: I do!
$C: Except this movie takes place in France and over there they play soccer. 
$C: Biggie Biggie Biggie, can’t you see

Sometimes your words just traumatize me
$C: I’m so confused, what does that even mean?
$C: We are for the Big.
$C: She declared.
$C: We had one so our mom could yell at us from the second floor without having to yell.  You can get wireless ones for pretty cheap.
$C: ...I do. Three story town house, easy to set up and easy to be lazy 
$C: #  
$C: My aunt's house does. We would always mess around with it whenever we visited her.
$C: way too early to be calling on the Prince of the Dark.. emo stage is like 12-17..
$C: When I was younger we moved into a house previously owned by an older couple in a neighborhood with a lot of old people and we had intercoms in every room too, we took them out though :/
$C: My neighbor's house has one that was installed in the 80s when the house was built. It's weird because it's one story and you can yell from any room and hear it anywhere else in the house, why have an intercom? Each one functions as an intercom or a radio speaker, but the radio can only be tuned from the main unit in the kitchen. Sometimes he puts baseball games on the intercom in the whole house and drives his wife crazy.
$C: I think they were semi common in the 80s. 
$C: I grew up in a (probably lower) middle class house, and we had an intercom system. Although it wasn't built into the house, it was just these separate ones that you leave plugged in on various tables on the house that are basically like walkie talkies that you leave there...so... sittie talkies
$C: Im a child of the 80s and we had an intercom in my inner city home. Itw one of those things that got cheap cause it was popular thrn got expensive again cause no one wanted one. 
$C: Because I like telling stories. True ones like this.
$C: The prince of darkness just had a head cold. 
$C: Probably looked at his mouth area. 
$C: We all saw him smiling.
$C: Former Catholic high school student. Unfortunately, yes.
$C: I’m sure lots of secular schools had a religion elective you could take if you were interested, which probably wouldn’t solely cover Christianity. 
$C: For confirmation. They were at 7 at night at my church.
$C: Yikes sorry about that. I'm sorry to hear about the brain tumor but religion teachers like this are the worst.
$C:  mage hand face palm. 
$C: This guy D&D's.
$C: This guy DMs
$C: Shh girls can't be funny, this is reddit. 
$C: yea, she did legit lose it, her mom always blamed my sister, which made it even funnier to my dad and i
$C: His old man and my old should get together and go bowling.
$C: Because the lights went out!
$C: bruhh
$C: Them smokes are hard to find
$C: Hahahah you win 
$C: Long game player level: expert.
$C: apparently it "didnt start till after that witchy party" it was a halloween party so idk what she expected. 
$C: she did end up being diagnosed with schizophrenia some time later, so yea
$C: It is what it is, we laugh at the family blaming a birth defect on a boardgame. now a days every time someone laughs someone else gets offended. to many sensitive people, or maybe just fragile people but it is what it is
 
$C: I'm not that fucked up.
$C: That's amazing. Would you be open to carpool, too hell?
$C: Not German... but....

https://youtu.be/BtMd6PbscwE?t=45s
$C: As high pitch as those screams were i bet straight German would work too
$C: We got Bluetooth speakers now. No need for all that.
$C: Just get a walkie talkie.
$C: Oh my God! I would have to be committed if I ever heard that shit. 
$C: That's fuckin blackspeech of Mordor! I did horrible shit to my brother and even I wouldn't do that lol
$C: I'm going to try that on my SO. :-)
$C: Won't work, me and my family communicate only in reverse German... :/
$C: Am I allowed to ask why it has to be german? I’m german. And confused.
$C: 2/3
$C: Slow down there, Satan!

...also, have her sneak some toothpaste in her mouth beforehand, so it can look like she's foaming at the mouth during said seizure.
$C: Jesus fuck!
$C: /u/PNWndn

This is what you must do!
$C: Why would he dump his sister after having sex with her best friend?
$C: Classic pranks 
$C: Bruh
$C: Violin music. 
$C: I don't know if you misusing a semicolon meant your post to be a joke or you're just confused 
$C: Reminds me of Monsters Inc.
$C: Children screaming for their lives brings everyone back to 100% no matter the context.
$C: r/totallynotrobots
$C: So you're saying it'd be even more realistic?
$C: Do lights and plugs go in the same breaker? 

I have a feeling we have a breaker for lights, another one for regular electric outlets, and another one for electric outlets where power-intensive things will get plugged, such as electric radiators (we have this last breaker tagged as "ecotermis"). But then again, I know nothing about electricity.
$C: We used to do this all the time as kids and never once did a light bulb pop.
$C: Which is really just a short ‘u’ (oo).
$C: My older sister went through a phase where she slept on a half deflated air mattress on top of her regular bed. So naturally I charge into the room, leap onto the bed, and send her into the ceiling. Never doubt the little ones.
$C: One of my sister's unmade the oldest sisters bed and peed in it. She then remade it so she wouldn't notice until it was too late. I can't remember the reason but I do remember it being petty as shit. 
$C: The younger siblings utilize brute force. They know if the older one tells, the older one will get in trouble for fighting in the first place. 
$C: This is true.  Case in point" 

"Daaaddd...Paulie and his friends are smoking that weird stuff in his room again."  

Later on: 

"I told you to give me a turn on the Atari." 
$C: MEGAN
$C: The younger siblings have to get way more creative. The tricks that worked for the older sibling are already known and found out. You have to start thinking outside the box to get ahead.
$C: I am the oldest sibling.

With each new, younger, sibling, my evil cunning and scheme's grow to unfathomable heights.
$C: This comic was a lot darker until I realized it was a stuffed animal
$C: "Jesus Christ!"

"Well, close enough..."
$C: Ha. I wasn't allowed to get Diablo because it was a game about Satan. So I'd go to my friends house and play for hours after he went to bed. Still friends 20 years later. 
$C: LOL the guy is really dating himself there
$C: -“What’s a computer?”
$C: That thing you use when you don't want to have to adjust the app volume down on your phone every night before going to bed so you're not constantly woken up by the ding of new messages.
$C: THIS IS WHY REDDIT DOESN'T *FUCKING* LOVE YOU!
$C: Aren't blanks a little dangerous too?  This looks like bad firearm handling to me.
$C: Pls help!:Quija Board (Wega Board) pls help !!?

- The girls, probably.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Why 2038?
$C: [You are getting downvoted in to oblivion](https://i.imgur.com/6fRqvAn.gif)
$C: I doubt it. Me and my mom are close as hell. She would tell me. I have even overheard her telling other ppl about it.  My dad was never that involves and I know he didn't really care about it all. 
$C: Yeah but the extension cord to lil brothers shed with the bitcoin miners just took a major shit. 
$C: Laptop would be safe, battery is effectively a UPS.
$C: Little Jimmies bitcoin miner shed running on that crappy extension cord from Lucy's room sure does now!
$C: tell that to Jimmies bitcoin rig 
$C: The breaker is power for a whole room or area of the house. All of the outlets. It's not just for "lights"
$C: I know what a screwed up electrical system they must have!
$C: Let someone who understands what they're touching handle it. If you need to work with electricity regularly I suggest you seek guidance before touching something that can kill you. 
$C: I had a blackout last week and went outside to the breaker (in daytime).  Found a wasp nest exactly at the bottom where you pull the panel door up.  So annoying.
$C: Are you gonna back that up with anything at all?

Electrically it is common sense to remove load before isolating power. 
$C: Isn't it "Wee-Jee" though? 
$C: I think it’s more the fact that you’re talking about a board. Ouija isn’t the object, it’s the board & the correct term is “a board” not “an board”.
Therefore; A ouija board 😊

Unless an describes the board, it should be a.
A surf board
An oval board
An orange surf board

(Maybe not, that just makes sense to me 🤨)
$C: i dont want to share the thread though, just the video
$C: Real MVP
$C: This is the internet, we’re all squares on here. 
$C: *O*
$C: then its a good circuit :-) 
$C: It’s almost as bad as one of those weggy boards.
$C: "An weejee" am I doing it right? Hahaha
$C: Yes, in an infinite universe with more stars than there are atoms in your body, there's no way that something paranormal can exist. You're absolutely right. /s
$C: The letter "o" has no sound in your version pronunciation attempt. It sounds like "we. It's a rule that somehow is missed in school. It's unusual because it's based on sound.
$C: I agree but no one will be laughing when the breaker blows up in your face!  

Not trying to be a downer but I bet a bunch of people will be flipping breakers now after seeing this video. Was just pointing out that it's not safe.
$C: Nice try, ouija board!!
$C: You wanna mess with 'em, good for you. I'm not, though. Heard too many stories with no good explanations.
$C: Well, okay then.
$C: Whose leg do I need to hump to get a response over here?
$C: It is!
$C: [deleted]
$C: As I've been learning recently, gender is just a social construct. So since she's acting like a big brother, that's what he is now. Welcome to 2018. The future none of us wanted. 
$C: Oops - then third sister! It’ll be like full house 
$C: Just curious how do you know? It’s pretty hard for me to tell the gender of OP from the video 
$C: Yeah, we live out in the country on a hill with the closest neighbor a mile away. They could see lights if they looked the right direction but I just killed it for like 10 seconds. 
$C: She has manly hands

$C: switch goes on, lights go on, YOU CANT EXPLAIN THAT
$C: My god no
$C: Alright, well thanks for replying
$C: Holy shit. That's hilarious but no. I don't think my friend is/was much of a Pink Floyd fan (going by the username). Really, it was an easy gag to pull & I shoulda seen it coming but getting boozy will do that to ya. 
$C:   No idea. Wait a minute while I e-mail the participant.



   Oh no, I can't do that. They don't have e-mail in the secure psychiatric hospital she's been in since 1975.
$C: Thanks. Must be me. 
$C: Do your thing. Warned you.
$C: I've never held a pickaxe :)
$C: Make it run up a ramp and then make it run off... Kinda like lemmings. Movie is 'Wild Hearts Can't Be Broken'... Prolly a decent movie for a couple times. But ugh.   
  
Also, Wiki Link: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diving_horse
$C: He's actually a well known DJ in my local town.  Also gives classes on smalltalk and joke telling.
$C: The first one is wrong.
$C: How exactly would you know that? 
$C: Ahh now i see the fun in this, lol
$C: Yea that
$C: ? Turned off the lights at a church sleepover. 

After we flipped the breaker we ran.

While running my friend fell in into a creek getting all wet in the cold. 

He was sick for two weeks.
$C: I verify this. My sister and I got a Ouija board for Christmas when we were kids, and after about 5 minutes of playing with it we ran back to my mom, screaming. She told us how it works (it *really* feels like it's moving on its own, but it was actually just us moving it subconsciously) so we went about testing it by thinking hard about an answer that didn't match the question we asked, or "contacting the spirits" of people whose names we couldn't spell, and sure enough, it was us controlling it the whole time. 
$C: What is wrong with you?
$C: I'm not going to attempt to change your mind about this, but the best way I can explain it, is to compare it to the old "party line" system that many people had for telephone service back as late as the 1980s. You literally shared a telephone with a few other houses on your street, and when you wanted to make a call, you picked up and listened, to make sure no one else was on it. If you had a dial tone, you could make your call. If someone was on the line, you would hang up, and wait. Unscrupulous people might also listen in to people's conversations as well. Ouija boards are like these party lines. There are spiritual entities that are more than ready to say, "Sure, I'm your great aunt Tilly, ask me anything..." You can't be certain. If someone doesn't believe in spirits or ghosts, why would they play a game My point here is, that these boards are tools, not toys. As, to why they are packaged and sold as such, is beyond me. I've done it, and have had something following me for almost thirty years 
$C: Ok. You're right. They are toys. Have fun. 
$C: And if they were flimsy little switches that fell apart after being a flicked a few times I imagine they wouldn't pass building codes.
$C: I'm that "sibling" not "brother".

I actually thought this would be one of my better comments. I'll win someday.
$C: Redditsilver!
$C: "Are you threatening me?"
$C: There goes the dang boys that are always wwwhackin in my tool shed....
$C: Uh huh huh hey Beavis... I think my shoulder got some
$C: or quagmire *giggity giggity*
$C: Yeah, but Beavis' is like heh heh. 
$C: Literally best game ever for me
$C: Yo agreed. I got Planet Coaster during the Steam sale and I've been sunk into it. It's the Cities Skylines of the RCT franchise 
$C: Open RCT2 - check it out people. You have to own RCT2 but there are a bunch of enhancements and you can host servers to play with your friends. Such a trip. /r/openrct2 if that sounds like it might tickle your fancy

edit: also just /r/rct if you wanna keep it classy and share some builds
$C: The scenarios were much better in RCT1
$C: Fyi they have the full RCT2 on iPhone (and probably android) for like $5 and no micro transactions. It’s exactly like the pc version,  except now you can play it while you take a shit.
$C: I disagree.


It is a GLORIOUS masterpiece.
$C: [I disagree.](https://bloximages.newyork1.vip.townnews.com/laloyolan.com/content/tncms/assets/v3/editorial/0/d1/0d178a8e-6675-11e5-84bc-7b1439db87ba/560a33168d741.image.jpg?resize=300%2C402)
$C: Have you ever play Zoo Tycoon??? Download the game 2 years ago and convince my ex to play. At first he thought the game was going to be poop but when he started playing it passed his expectations. 

It was fun playing the game with him (2 seperate computers doing the same mission together) and show each other our Zoos. 10/10 will play again. 
$C: Am I the only one who wouldn't complete a roller coaster so riders would derail and fall to their death? Or pick them up and drop them into lakes?
$C: DinoPark Tycoon was also timeless.
$C: I have many hours into that game. I still play. Today, in fact. 
$C: Bought it for Android over the summer and it's the best phone game I've played . Controls are surprisingly easy to use too
$C: RCT 3 was objectively an improvement.




I'm joking. Sorry for the brain aneurysm I probably caused friend.
$C: Fun fact for all the programmers out there.

Rollercoaster Tycoon 2 was programmed entirely by 1 man in x86 assembly. That is an absolutely INSANE amount of work.

The game is so optimised you could run it on an ATM machine.
$C: They have it on smartphone now...it feels like it was designed to be played on a tablet/smartphone, amazingly holds up better than most new games today
$C: You really don't want to fight anyone then.
$C: I'm not thirsty!
$C: You obviously meant [OpenRCT2](http://openrct2.org/)
$C: It’s wack and I’ll meet you outside for the ol’ over under, good sir!
$C: I like the game; but fuck you, Lets fight.
$C: If you're not already subbed, join this /r/openrct2/ open-source of RCT!
$C: Try OpenRCT2. It's an open source remake of RCT2 using all of Rollercoaster Tycoon 2's resources, designed for newer versions of Windows (and other operating systems, like Linux). Plus, if you're like me who mostly played the first RCT rather than the second, it has support for loading in all of RCT's data, so you can use all of its sounds, intros, etc.
$C: I personally got into RCT3 since it came out when I was maybe 6 or 7. I played it endlessly. I played RCT2 as well, but my heart will always be with RCT3. Let’s just not talk about anything past RCT3.
$C: MASTAPEECE
$C: Have you played rtc classic on your smartphone. Didn't think it would be that good. I think I paid like $6. Before anyone goes bashing it's not free. Fuck off there are no adds, and it's an amazing game.
$C: I bought it on Steam, got it through GOG connect, and I bought the iOS port. the game is a masterpiece, and I love it to death.
$C: Try Planet Coaster.  It's made by the exact same studio that did RCT1 and RCT2.  It's an absolutely amazing and perfect work of art
$C: its all i did when i was 10
$C: This just reminded me of it and I looked online and it’s only £1.63 on steam omg 
$C: Check out [OpenRCT2](http://openrct2.org/) and /r/openrct2.  OpenRCT2 revamps RCT2 (requires the RCT2 game) and adds more to the game.
$C: > I will fight anyone who disagrees

Oh come ON! You just say that because you **know** noone will disagree!
$C: Is there any way to get this game on a Mac?
$C: Never played any RCT
$C: who the fuck would disagree?
$C: [deleted]
$C: RCT3 Soaked + Wild
$C: Looks like no one is fighting tonight.
$C: Safe bet. No one disagrees
$C: I want that game 
$C: Perfect game. 
$C: Fuck the nostalgia! 😔
$C: Loopy landscapes was one of the best expansions to a game ever! RCT3 was also a masterpiece still playing through platinum edition. Unfortunately Planet Coaster doesn't have the same jump right into park building excitement as the RCT franchise has
$C: Have you played planet coast?
$C: It's not number 2 but rtc classic has been released [on mobile](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.atari.mobile.rctc)
$C: Check out rct classic on mobile.

It's rct 1 and 2. You can import custom maps and make new scenarios and rides etc. It's a perfect port
$C: Totally Agreed
$C: Some of the expansion content was shite, but it was a superb game.
$C: I only played 1, Loopy Landscapes and Corkscrew Follies. Loved them to death. What did 2 change?
$C: iirc, you couldn't charge people to get in and then charge them again for every single ride like you could in the original
$C: If you have the pc to run it Planet Coaster is a damn fine spirtual sucessor. 
$C: FYI, they remastered the first two RCT games along with their expansions, and repackaged them together as *Roller Coaster Tycoon Classic*. You can get it for PC and mobile, and it is just as good as you remember.

They kept everything about the original, down to the sprites... but they updated the UI to support large monitors and touchscreens.
$C: As the claw from the game, I disagree, and if you come at me, I will drop you in a lake.
$C: Maybe from a programming perspective.
$C: Do you think in 200 years it will be equivalent to the Mona Lisa?

$C: It's trash.
$C: It's a good game but no masterpiece 
$C: I want to get off this ride
$C: I just made Roller coasters that never returned to their starting points.

They usually ended 100 feet in the air and no warning.....
$C: I usually build a little pool and let the sorry ass clown drown
$C: Try Planet Coaster.  The same studio that made the first two Rollercoaster Tycoon games made it.  It's a perfect work of art.  You'll love it.
$C: Wait, there was a game that allowed you to build your own concentration camp?
$C: Ah, a good ol' talkie.
$C: If they are on a mobile app, like me, it shows as a gif. I have no way of knowing that it is a video unless I choose to "open in my internet app." It just looks like a gif.
$C: [Video?](http://brand24.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/gandalf.png)
$C: Some might even consider it a golden video. 

Edit: I tried. 
$C: You just made me laugh more shit out. I was just about finished wiping 
$C: Be honest: how much did you laugh when you thought of this?
$C: Until I flip the switch
$C: !RedditGold
$C: Classic Audio GIF
$C: Hokey audio and ancient technologies are no match for a good gif at your side, kid.
$C: They just might go so far as to
$C: But how many radio stars has it killed?
$C: A what?
$C: Some call it maize
$C: That's not how you pronounce jif
$C: We've come full circle. Pack it up, boys.
$C: I can't keep up with all this technology.
$C: I know what is going on, but reddit is fun shows gif just like videos so you cant be sure if it has audio or is it just gif.
$C: A motion picture?!
$C: I  actually just took a screenshot of this.  It's to send to my husband next time he sends a gif. 

I world reserve it for when he sends a gif he doesn't know is actually a video... But I'm not patient. 
$C: Whoa.
$C: I needed this laugh 
$C: You shut your mouth when you're talking to me.
$C: or gifv;) 
$C: why doesn't Reddit have a filter, when you post a regular gif, that says:
"please convert to this format, gifs have been dead since 2011"?
$C: You mean a paused gif?
$C: Stillies.
$C: Those are called "audio files", or "MP3's" if you're talking to an old person or a layman.
$C: I guess you're just gonna knope outta this one.
$C: Worthy mentions:

iOS: narwhal

Android: Joey

Both offer a slightly different take on the user interface (narwhal has swipe to vote and such), but I really like them.
$C: he misread, it actually said GOODBOYE. the dog set the fire.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Woah
$C: I was at an escape room a few months ago and they had a couple of jump scare moments. One of which is when you press a particular button for the first time, a dummy swings down and smashes head first into the glass display you're looking through. When it happened me and my brother both went, "Oh...ok?" We were so focused on the code aspect that the jump scare went over our heads.

&nbsp;

So after we get out and the guy is going through the whole thing he asked us about the dummy and we laugh about how we didn't react at all...which is probably a bad thing.

&nbsp;

He goes on to tell us about how he had a group of firefighters doing the same room the day before and when he triggered the dummy and it hit the window they all noped out of the room and quit. 

&nbsp;

He had a laugh about it. The guy was a scrawny effeminate nerd type and you could kind of tell he was getting kicks out of the fact that big burly firemen were scared of a dummy. "Ha ha...isn't that a hoot!" sort of thing. 

&nbsp;

But more reasonably...they were more likely suffering the effects of PTSD from a previous interaction with an **actual** dead body. 


$C: Honestly sounds like an arson suicide/homicide that someone tried to make romantic/creepy 
$C: Wouldn't it say "HELLO" because now they are ghost too? :D
$C: Holy FUCK that just gave me the chills.
$C: That's freaky!
$C: NOPE. 
$C: I'd have needed new pants...
$C: Ouija baord moved those letters
$C: Those motherfuckers at /r/woahdude got something comin'.
$C: Good bot
$C: *Woah* is [now ahead](https://trends.google.com/trends/explore?date=all&q=woah,whoa).
$C: Whoa, I know kung fu
$C: I disagree [https://www.reddit.com/r/whoadude/](https://www.reddit.com/r/whoadude/)
$C: There's a whoa-bot??
$C: Wow it's weird how much more accurate that looks 
$C: Good bot 
$C: bad bot
$C: Bad bot
$C: /r/Beetlejuicing 
$C: can we spell it phonetically?
$C: Username checks out
$C: Boujia.
$C: WOH!
$C: Whoah.
$C: O
$C: What if your "whoa" is the Ouija board realizing it is making itself do all this?
$C: https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/7qp34o/im_that_sibling/dsr3cu7/
$C: What if the Ou...woah
$C: [deleted]
$C: *woea
$C: Woah.
$C: What if the Ouija board gave me reddit gold for this comment?
$C: Woah.
$C: What if the reason for joining reddit and not being social right now is due to disregarding Ouija boards when you where younger when it could have warned you of coming anxiety/depression/insecurity... Also what if this got gold instead of the other
$C: Well TanWeiner, when a mommy and daddy Ouija love each other very much.
$C: And my bow?
$C: Too many cooks!
$C: This rapidly got very The Shining.
$C: Careful, Eugene
$C: This guy chops. 
$C: r/unexpectedLOTR
$C: Whenever I see an "and my axe" comment, the Golden Axe music starts playing in my head.
$C: I’ve seen this a couple times. What’s with this “axe”? Lol
$C: What is all of this "and my axe" stuff I feel left out. 
$C: That's it! I'm gettin' me mallet!
$C: I don't think so? Just bring it to be sure. 
$C: And my bow
$C: Needs to have 20 axes. NEXT!
$C: Christina!
$C: And where’s Johnny?
$C: Great! We can build our home from the ground up!
$C: A mine! 
$C: Resident evil?
$C: Me too thanks
$C: Is this where I sign up for my 30 year mortgage?
$C: I had to buy a new panel of circuit breakers for my house. Did I get ripped off? Who can I sue?
$C: But do i buy the house and get a circuit breaker or buy a really expensive circuit breaker and get a house?
$C: This guy houses.
$C: Look at Mr Money Bags over here buying houses that already have circuit breakers.
$C: Uh... You should have more than one circuit breaker switcj
$C: But one get one free?
$C: GODS i was hoping to see this comment
$C: Roll Tide
$C: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OUpCUX4k76w
$C: hopefully he isn't in hawaii 
$C: With the kids?
$C: Making no noise and pretending I don’t exist
$C: https://i.imgur.com/KEk7B0r.gifv
$C: Well the circuit breaker won't be there.
$C: Username checks out. 
$C: About 3.50kWh
$C: Suckie suckie for a dolla.
$C: When I was about 5 or 6 around 1993 or 1994 in Burien, Washington I was terrified of Chucky, the doll that came to life and murdered people. My mom always thought this fear of mine was funny and one night we were watching TV, right before I had to go to bed, she found one of the chucky movies on TV and left it on even while I was yelling at her to change it as she laughed. 

So I go to bed with the image of chucky running around somewhere and build up this image of him at the end of my bed about to shake it.

Then, and I shit you not, the bed starts shaking back and forth. I've never been so scared and I run out to the living room and see everything else shaking as well, pictures on the wall, glasses are clinking, lights are swaying... We were having an earthquake. 

I remember it so vividly. Still hate that fucking doll. 

$C: [deleted]
$C: Maybe it was God!
$C: I used to have a club house set up in my garage where all the neighborhood kids would chill at when we were tired of running around everywhere. My dad would hold onto the garage opener, close the garage, turn the lights off and throw the baking pans that were made out of a foil material. He would throw them around everywhere (not heavy enough to hurt anybody) and then slip back inside while we would panick.

He said there was a ghost who lived there named Henry. We all believe in Henry for years until I caught my dad red handed with the garage opener while he was on the couch right after Henry paid a visit. My friends still didn't believe me for a while and thought Henry was real.
$C: This. My mom used to tell me she had a Ouija board as a kid that she threw in the trash, only to find it back in her closet the next day. She had two siblings known for various shenanigans (not to mention that Grandma is a low-key prankster herself), but nobody ever owned up to it, so she still swears up and down it was demons.
$C: As a brother I can tell there's no way he kept a straight face when questioned.
$C: When I was ~7, my brother threw his furby down the gutter into the sewers. Not 5 minutes later, the power in our house went out, while the rest of the neighborhood had power.

It makes so much sense that my parents would do that.
$C: Story time: when I was 10ish I had a seance with some friends, they came to my room where I had prepared a round sitting table with some candles. I had placed a nail on my side that was sticking out just enough for the head to catch on a ring I was wearing. We started the seance and when the "spirit" manifested itself I raised my side of the table and everyone ran off screaming.

Afterwards I told them that since we broke the circle the spirit was now trapped in our world. Sorry for my contribution to raising a generation of superstitious anti-thinkers. 


$C: Even if she does tell them, there's still a good chance they'll consciously ignore her in favor of having a good story they can repeat ad-nauseum until they convince themselves it really happened despite hard evidence to the contrary.

This is how the supernatural exists.
$C: Many many years ago, I was voluntold to be the one standing in front of the mirror saying bloody mary.

I do not recall exact age but less than 8. 

It was me, my sister, and the neighbor in my neighbors bedroom. It was around twilight so the room was not completely dark when all the lights turned off, but it was dark. The sunlight cast a slight orange darkness to the room as I stood in front of the vanity mirror. 

The bed was behind me and I sat on the edge of it staring at the mirror a few feet in front of me. My sister and neighbor each stood at opposite ends of the room, near the light switch and door. 

I was scared as fuck as I began.

"Bloody mary....Bloody Mary..."

I went on for however long I was supposed to go on for.  

To this day I have no explanation for what happens next....

As I continued the count, i swear that my own image started fading from thw mirror. I remember stiffening up as I noticed that and began to see....something else or someone else....i fucke yelled like a bitch!! "TURNS THE LIGHTS ON! LIGHTS!!"

As soon as the lights were on everything looked normal, but fuck that we ran out. 

They asked and I explained...and...that was it. We went on to play something else while this image just stayed in my brain.

I am now 33 and still scared of mirrors in the dark :(
$C: A real life Twilight Zone episode
$C: Candyman........
$C: Hey I've seen stranger things than that
$C: If she knows what kind of person her sister is she might develop some reasonable doubt too.  
Not me, but my friends' brother when we were little used to absolutely terrify us; impersonating IT, grabbing our limbs from under the beds at night and shit like that. Sometimes we couldn't see him and sometimes the pranks were set up beforehand but it had to be him on account of all the other shenanigans.
$C: Its why ghosts moan almost the same as parents lying about sex noises.
$C: My wife is convinced her grandmother had a magic cardboard table that could work like a oujia board.   They would say "Up table Up" and the table would lift and rattle and knock.

Of course it was simple table tipping hokum, but she remains steadfastly convinced it was the supernatural.
$C: 20 years from now it's "unless you're calling my aunt a liar, how do you explain that?"
$C: I have had an experience that freaked me out a little.  I chalk it up to being tired and cold but I have never had it happen before in the same circumstance.  I was visiting a friend in OKC who lived in a very old house.  We're talking Victorian mansion old.  They had slave passages in the back, etc.  The whole place was a little unsettling and some of his friends had ghost experiences in the attic.  Welp, since I was a guest, and the attic was where their guest beds were, that is where I was staying.  One night we had talked about smoking before passing out for the night. So I was waiting at the base of the stairs to the attic (which was a pretty large room with a gigantic mirror and many different doors) for him.  After a few minutes I experienced severe chills, a tingling down my back, and could not physically move.  This lasted for a few minutes.  Once I could move again I had an impulse to move straight to the bed and lay down. Didn't change into my PJs like always, didn't put any covers on.  Just laid down fully clothed and went straight to sleep.  I have never had a similar experience and it still creeps me out to think about it.  

edit: I'm not saying I believe in ghosts, and I definitely think it was just a physiological thing, but it is one of the only instances where I have been genuinely scared and not in control of my body.  It just makes me think that it might be possible for ghosts to be there and influence the world/us in minor ways.
$C: Or the ghost actually controlled OP and had him flip the switch. Humans are so arrogant to think we're in control.
$C: How'd you know she was a girl?
$C: > actual

lol
$C: I'm not going to go around assuming genders but this is Reddit. And that laugh sounded like the usual young adult white male. 
$C: I remember a friend in 4th grade saying that a couple of friends of his were playing "spirit of the glass", and it said that one of the guys would die tonight, and on the way home one of the kids got stung by a bee in the neck while biking home. Kids are so motherdick superstitious.
$C: Well, ghosts are real tho.
$C: That's not a good thing...
$C: Did you see her painted nails? This is prime older sister shenanigans.
$C: This must be the reason ghost hunter tv shows exist

edit: if not, whyyyyyy?
$C: [deleted]
$C: She
$C: Once you've had 10 kg items fly across the room and land at your feet, you'll probably believe
$C: except for that whole, Reddit, thing.
$C: This is why I hate humans. 
$C: Until she gets on reddit
$C: Every case of paranormal activity can be boiled down to your sibling fucking with you. Or you could be that dude with a carbon monoxide leak. Either one.
$C: Reference for those downvoting you: https://youtu.be/15nNY7uofNw?t=26
$C: I prefer Luigi boards
$C: My friends did a Luigi board and it mentioned me! 
$C: Here’s how:

There isn’t.
$C: "something broke" That's why it's called the main breaker
$C: [removed]
$C: Can confirm my uncle did it, but we noticed the streets lights were still on...
$C: You live in Canada? 
$C: Haha could've been mine, I did it too. Bonus points because we were out in the middle of the woods. I was kind of a jackass little tween at the time but that was one of my better moments. 
$C: Are you my older brother?
$C: Still enjoy that movie and how freaky it is. 
$C: Did I not know that, unplug first? 
$C: ... Barefoot 
$C: Oh, lucky you to have siblings to ridicule. When I was a kid we would have killed to have a sibling to mercilessly ridicule. We were so poor we had to ridicule a picture that came with the frame. And we were happy to have *that*!
$C: and for 8 miles. 
$C: 
$C: Dad?
$C: Ah, Luxury!
$C: https://youtu.be/FDVkLDElFok?t=346
$C: my dad told me that "story" many times. he grew up poor with 6 brothers and sisters. Monday was his day to wears the shoes.
$C: We had to unscrew fuses. 
$C: You know, I always figured the “uphill both ways” could be justified by saying your school and house are on a hill. That’s my situation
$C: As soon as smart devices understand memes, 'Alexa Ouija-prank the living room'.
$C: My boyfriend does this. Likes to blast metal music or egregious EDM in the house when he’s outside giggling watching me panic. 
$C: I did that to my daughter the other day; heard her go into my room to feed our kitten and started turning my light and fan on and off with the app. She didn’t even seem to notice. I asked her about it a little later and she was like, yeah, I just thought I was imagining things. Like it was no big deal! I want her imagination (or some of whatever she had been smoking).
$C: I have a first generation Echo and the remote for it has a mic built in (hell, later generation remotes probably do, too, but just in case). I hear my son and his friends in the other room screwing around, trying to get Alexa to say stupid shit, "Alexa, say <friend> is an asshole", "Alexa, tell <friend> to fuck off" so I pick up the remote, hit the button and stage whisper, "Alexa, say no".

You could have heard a pin drop when they thought Alexa suddenly got sick of their shit and told them "no". Unfortunately, that also meant they could hear my laughing and figured out what happened all too quickly.
$C: Ghosts will be the boogie man of the past.

In the future kids will be terrified of hackers.
$C: My husband actually made something like that! He likes tinkering with Alexa capabilities. 

[He made a smart mirror with Alexa and hooked it up to our wifi lights at Halloween.](https://youtu.be/Vm3WBFDKKPI) 

So...the future is now?
$C: When you are alone in your room and ask Alexa for a coffee.

"sure, does your friend want one also?" 
$C: no I haven't 
$C: Really far into the future. :(
$C: "Do you know da wey"?
$C: That reminds me of the scariest campfire story I ever heard.  It goes like this:

A man hears of a fortune teller with the gift of incredible foresight living in a far away country.  The man buys a plane ticket and after a long flight, he reaches his destination.  

Once there, he makes his way deep into the surrounding wilderness.  For days he wanders, thinking himself hopelessly lost within the fog that shrouds the strange forgotten woodlands.  

Then out of nowhere, he spots something in the distance, an old decrepit hut.  He cautiously pushes the door open, only to see an ancient old crone sitting hunched over a crystal ball.

“Enter” she says, her voice like dried branches rustling in the winter wind.  “Take a seat”

After a moment of hesitation, he steps into the hut and sits upon the wooden stool, which creeks beneath his weight.

“As a reward for this perilous journey, I will allow you one glimpse into my crystal ball.  As you peer into it you may see one event from the future”

The man takes a big breath and anxiously mutters, “I would like to see the first episode of Rick and Morty season 4.”

“As you wish” the old crone replies.

The man leans forward and stares into the crystal ball.  A few moments pass and he looks back up at the old crone, a look of confusion on his face.

“It’s blank...” he says, “I don’t understand”

The old crone’s face widens into a cruel smile “young fool, don’t you see?”  She cackles “Rick and Morty was canceled after Season 3!”  

AAAAHHHHHHHH!!! 😱😱😱


$C: [season 4](https://youtu.be/QSwATupYqz4) 
$C: Well to be fair...
$C: They're drawing it, I assume.
$C: Immediately. 
$C: His username checks out
$C: https://i.imgur.com/IWbePBR.gifv
$C: I got it handled *points to indicadominant420* The fuck out of here will ya.
$C: And get doused in hollandaise sauce 
$C: You forgot the a in your friend Satan’s name. You aren’t a very good friend are you?
$C: I whish I had ghost friends, or physical firends. I don't even get along with my imaginary friends. 
$C: I don't know if your username is a coincidence or not, but in my language, 'vroom' means 'pious'. 
$C: Me too! Those TBN documentaries at 1AM about people seeing god or satan or demons when they died only made it that much worse. That plus the Omega code and left behind series. 

I can actually walk around in the dark now and the only thing I'm afraid of is spiders and bears. 
$C: Can confirm. Ex-Christian brainwashed child (now man) here. I missed out on so much cool shit because of that religious bullshit. Fuck any religion that holds you back in life.
$C: You should really get your schizophrenia looked at by a mental health professional...
$C: What kind of Christian were you raised as? It is very much denominational.
$C: Shouldn't have been messing up with demons.
$C: That's fucked up. For all she knew, he was going to rape or kill her. 
$C: I find this hard to believe since demons are very much a part of catholicism. And since Catholics all belong to the same organization and are taught the same thing all over the world, it would be very odd that two continents would hold such different views on something integral to their religious organization.

> So they went out and preached that men should repent. And they cast out many demons, and anointed with oil many that were sick and healed them.

Also, http://www.vatican.va/archive/ccc_css/archive/catechism/p1s2c1p7.htm#414

I was raised Catholic so I thought I'd throw that out there. Belief in demons is as fundamental to catholicism as belief in angels. (since they're considered the same class of beings)
$C: Ah, home phone is free basically as long as I don't call long distance. It's part of my package with Verizon 
$C: How is your mining career going? 
$C: I'll keep you posted with the upcoming second venture. 
$C: I’m even later but r/nothingeverhappens
$C: It was re-popularized through the nerd rap movement a few years back.  MC Frontalot made a song with that in the hook.  

https://youtu.be/4nigRT2KmCE  

Doesn’t look like there are many views on that video, but there was a documentary about nerd rap and he was a prominent figure in that genre along with MC Chris (aka MC Pee Pants from Aqua Teen Hunger Force)... and others that I can’t recall right now.  

Edit  
1. I was looking at the view count for another video.  This one has around a million, which is no small number.  
2. The documentary was called Nerdcore Rising.  http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1159722/  

Thanks to /u/aggressivecorrection for the not-so-aggressive correction on calling it "nerdcore" rather than "nerd rap."

$C: Zork should be reveled in, not forgotten
$C: The reason I feel all of younger people know zork is because in call of duty black ops there was a Easter egg where you could play Zork on a terminal in the main screen when you broke free from the chair. 
$C: how is zork obscure?
$C: Eh, that line isn't THAT obscure.
$C: What is it? Zork?
$C: "That's" is what should've been hit by the italics
$C: It's probably not as obscure as you think. I haven't played that game (nor could I tell you its name without googling) but I know that line. 
$C: In high school I printed out the entire Encylopaedia Frobozzica 
$C: Don't starve also referenced it, so more people know it than you think.
$C: I've never actually finished that game. 
$C: Is Zork an obscure reference?
$C: It was referenced heavily in Ready Player One. It may even be in the movie, we'll see.
$C: Glad he shined some light on that. But can he keep the light shining?
$C: Yes, you rang?
$C: `> eat door`
$C: TALK TO door
$C: N
$C: IN AN OPEN FIELD, NED

$C: It's from Zork.
$C: You would love [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4nigRT2KmCE) :D
$C: People's knees
$C: A monster that lives in the darkness and eats anyone that wanders into it's domain. 
$C: Is that how minions are made?
$C: Found the Scottish 
$C: [I googled "Hawaii 4chan sister fucker"](http://boards.4chan.org/pol/thread/156685510/any-polacks-from-hawaii)
$C: * Hits correct button
* Hawaii nuked
* Thoughts and prayers

You're right it does!
$C: /r/anime

> There's no way my little sister is this pranked.
$C: [deleted]
$C: "The monster had... TOO MANY TEETH!"
$C: Whats sad is i loved nosleep. Still read it.

But every comment section has these special needs people making up random bullshit unrelated to the story, which concluded,  begging for a part 2.

Its like come on now, they found their sisters corpse in his basement. The cops arrested him. Its over. No he didnt magically sneak out of jail and drive 1,400 miles to tap on OPs window.

Or better yet, toss put absurd supernatural theories about something 100% rooted in reality.
$C: /r/noslep
$C: I joined Reddit for nosleep. Haven't been there in a long time.
$C: That reminds me of my favorite story from that sub. "I heard a dish break downstairs but I'm in the basement!" (part 4)
$C: The panelboard is actually not a switchboard, as it handles branch circuit distribution. Switchboards tend to handle power distribution to panels or other distribution boards.
$C: ROLL TIDE
$C: Wow I haven't seen a walk the dinosaur greentext in so many years. Thanks for the throwback.
$C: > hodor 
$C: \>hear demon voice  

\>"Before there was time, before there was anything, there was   nothing"  

\>"And before there was nothing, there were"  

\>"Monsters"
$C: OP what in the hell is wrong with you.
$C: Traps are not gay.
$C: That's gonna be the shit the ghosts of 2118 do, ya know.
$C: Oh greentext. You so random. 
$C: Whaaaaat?! You just changed everything
$C: Unfortunately wasn't due to renovations, they just did a terrible job.  

The whole house is wired funky.  I don't think there's a single circuit that doesn't extend into another room.  I get it, it's easier to hook up outlets on either side of a wall to the same circuit.  Although listening to the indignant screams of your kid when you kill the downstairs television via a breaker for an upstairs room is a hoot.  
$C: Post it to reddit?
$C: We win by watching a funny video.
$C: We make the video into a T-shirt  OP has to wear on Tuesdays and Thursdays?
$C: The demon also gets their souls
$C: Pizza afterwards?
$C: I win for having successfully mediated a conflict at work.
$C: Sacrifice a goat?
$C: I think OP has to break both his arms or something.
$C: We never find out. Michael failed.
$C: No one is catching it.

I bet you are the proud owner of an authentic seyko timepiece aswell.
$C: You make the poster into a t-shirt.
$C: Wincest
$C: Ghost gets to feed off of their delicious fear and all for free. 
$C: We could make it multicultural by having an obligatory Chinese friend.
$C: It's going to become one of the "go to" hilarious family videos that will always make your entire family crack up whenever it is seen or brought up in conversation. I feel this is already a win-win-win situation.
$C: Let me introduce you to wincest
$C: He breaks both of his arms and is on really good terms with his mother.
$C: When did I label it as misogynistic? I've been browsing reddit for 10 years, 10 years of being watching blatant female posters get confused for a guy. 10 years of having my comments attributed to a guy unless I specifically correct them.

It's not misogynistic, it's annoying and a little bizarre. I'm browsing the same site as you, but somehow I always seem to recognize when the poster is female. Especially when there are easy context clues like *nail polish*. 
$C: The bad touch list.
$C: Did he say are? 
$C: Oops. Silly fast typing.
$C: Dont brother.
$C: He brother, he no de wey
$C: Screamo/Metalcore bands* (and maybe some others?)

Although that might be the biggest genres in terms of amount of listeners, if youre talking about the most used technique across all genres it would probably growling.

Sorry i dont usually get all smartass about obscure music genres, but i really hate screams/bands that use nothing but screams, so i couldnt let that stand.
$C: thank mr skeltal
$C: The scream was coming from inside him!
$C: Not very obvious he was pranking his sisters given his comments:

> when I was **home alone** I would practice screaming

> would just let it out when **the house was quiet** just for fun
$C: Ahhh, thank you very much. 
$C: "Mom, can you tell dad to make me a damn sandwich?"
$C: Sudo make me a sandwich.
$C: MOOOOOM! DOES INFLATION AFFECT THE LIGHT SWITCH PRICES?!
$C: But my arms are broken!
$C: As a mother, can confirm. 
$C: Mom, can dad make me a sandwich?
$C: Moms spaghetti?
$C: Not the Amazon Dad!  Where will I get my packages from now?! 
$C: *flick*  
*flick*  
*flick*  
*flick*  
*flick*  
*flick*  
*flick*  
*flick*  
*flick*  
*flick*  
*flick*  
*flick*  
*flick*  
*flick*  
*flick*  
*flick*  

$C: Thanks, Uncle John.
$C: And the electricity for an led light is dirt cheap 
$C: Are thy literally a pull out and replace?
$C: How can you remove the breaker without a breaker to stop electricity going through the wires though 🤔
$C: I don't touch anything in my house that could turn me into a TV dinner or require me to turn off the water main at the street. I'll flip a breaker to do work, but anything more than a simple ceiling fan installation I'm tapping out. IMO its good to have boundaries or you end up breaking things. That's when a $20 breaker turns into a $2,000 service call.
$C: You can hard restart a firdge.
$C: Me and my sister never got a "new" car, but my parents got a new car for themselves right around the time me and my older sister got our licenses, and we got their old cars. Little brother is turning 16 soon. We'll see what they do for him, though I'm predicting a new car because he's the baby. 
$C: Pretty solidly middle class where I'm from. Though the cars definitely weren't always nice or new. Can't even get around easily without a car in the South.
$C: >Just ~~rich people~~ parents don't want to drive in rush hour traffic to pick me up from practice so they buy me a beater things


$C: I’m 16 right now, I think I would notice if I woke up to a new car
$C: Yeah I don't know where all these youngest getting pampered ideas come from. I was given the hand me downs, and was the only of three to get no help with college, cars, ect. Basically they had no more fucks to give when it came to me, even with good grades and such.
$C: I always ask for socks! There is now a stockpile of new, unopened nice wool socks in my closet and the many pairs I do have opened are still pretty fresh and new. This is the only part of my life that is actually together.
$C: I still try pulling the "I'm older!" card despite the fact that most of us are legal adults and I am the smallest. 
$C: Suddenly, you realize you were never the favourite, as you watch that bitch ass little brother get a brand new car. While you're still driving the totalled car they picked up off the road sometime in the 80s.
$C: *Takeover the driver seat and control the jukebox.*
$C: When I turned 13 (you have to be over 12 to sit in the front seat) I started sitting in the front seat. My younger brother bitched and moaned until my mom forced us to take turns in the front seat... until we had a huge fight (aka he threw a tantrum) and we both had to sit in the back seat.

To this day, even though we're clearly over it now, we both habitually sit in the back seats on our assigned sides whenever I come down to visit. We're both now in our 20's. 
$C: I'm the younger brother by four years and I always sit in the front seat lol
$C: I'm American so I know having cars is the norm, but I thought really only rich people got cars for their high school birthdays, unless it's like an old one you got for free from an uncle or smth. 
$C: Sounds like my brother 
$C: He got to the car guy title before I did
$C: I'm not sure if it's a brother or sister or furry 
$C: You can be my little bro/sis.  Problem solved!  Actually, we'll have to unage, but that's probably not an issue. 
$C: I mean I'm the youngest child, so I guess I'm well prepared 
$C: Guys this brother
$C: Is he single
$C: I'm not your brother, guy. 
$C: Did you just yahtayahta over the best part?
$C: I read it as spoken word. It has a flow
$C: Good show. Not the hero Reddit needs, but certainly the one we deserve.
$C: "I've done this to my sister before when she was stomping around her room "Dancing." To get her to stop, we flipped the breaker for her room on and off quickly until she came running downstairs in a panic saying her power was off. Using my quick wit I said, "Were you jumping up and down? Because that can cause it to disconnect from the rest of the house." It worked perfectly, she never jumped around her room again."

I don't even think yours was bad I just wanted to make it nicer to read and I don't even know if I succeeded with that.
$C: mine waz best bro no ned to fix it iz gud az it waz
$C: No it was before she was dancing.
$C: You correct me Arrow up you
$C: https://i.imgur.com/3WVcWEP.gif
$C: Breathe when you want not.
I say live.
By that, rule until the end of days.
$C: Go sis!
$C: Get out me swamp!
$C: I even read it with the accent. It was perfect.
$C: And Australia. Oh well, I'll just have to pirate the whole thing.
$C: Also in Europe :(
$C: And France :((
$C: Amelie is fantastic
$C: It is fate.
$C: You won't be disappointed. *Amelie* is fantastic. 
$C: http://www.meh.ro/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/meh.ro11894.jpg
$C: and i just hate your satianic ways this is why im broken and youre ok.
$C: Boom.
$C: Mom has a parental responsibility to tell the Big(ger kids) not to mess with the younger kids, but Mom is also human so she knows the plan is hilarious.
$C: friends mom told him not to do it, to guilt free say that she did, and then tells him the right button to push to do exactly what he wanted to do.
$C: Big as in biggie

As in Biggie Cheese


Wuss poppin 🅱️
$C: big if true
$C: He probably forgot he was using a throwaway.  Big is probably a part of his regular username.
$C: It's a way of saying that he can scare them but not a lot. Only a little bit. Don't do it big. 

He could have scared the shit out of them with a demonic laugh or something,but just asked them a simple question to their request.
$C: Pretty certain they meant "don't make it too bad" by "big"
$C: I just commented a similar experience. Mine were built into the wall. I think it became common so everyone had it in the 80s then people realized it wasn't a necessity. We were closer to poor than middle class so i never associated it with "rich" (and only 2 out of 6 of the ones in my home worked) but this chain mafe me realize its gone full circle. 
$C: *Mouthal area. FTFY
$C: Genius. 
$C: Lights went out though 
$C: But the lights were out.
$C: No need to be sorry. She was nuts. Probably why I'm atheist.
$C: I am so going to steal that next time my D&D group does something facepalm worthy.  
$C: Of course, how silly of me. Oh my would you look at the time, I need to get back to practicing womanly duties such as embroidery and ballet before my husband catches me on reddit. 
$C: It sounds like she was walking that line anyways, just waiting for something to push her into the realm of absolute psycho
$C: Sounds like her Mom might not contain the faculties to make basic logical assumptions either.
$C: i don't really understand how someone going crazy is funny..?
$C: Ha ha ha, yeah, permanent life altering mental illness is *hilarious.*

You ever laugh at cripples when they try to buy stuff they can't reach in the super market? Haha, try using your *legs,* retard! Oh wait, *you can't!*

Hahaha!
$C: Lol classic 
$C: If it's not on video, it's not a prank.
$C: It's a big store. 
$C: Schizophrenics usually are fine until triggered, lots of times in their teens.  Happened to my 2 brother in laws when the family basically fell apart from divorce and older siblings moving away.  They both ended up in mental hospitals, but prior to that were totally fine, had girlfriends, drove a car, etc..
$C: Obviously watching Hocus Pocus 3 times in one night.
$C: Yeah, it wasn't a board game from Hasbro.
$C: Them locker rooms aint gonna talk to themselves.
$C: Wow! You may have done them a favor! That could have kind of exacerbated it enough that they could find out earlier on. Or just a coincidence 🤷‍♂️
$C: well yeah i get it. i think a balance is to be had for sure. nothing wrong with being mindful of others, but with the extreme sjws you have those that take it to far.

either way, i'm curious, did you tell them it was a joke? or did you not? cause if you didn't i think that's fucked up. it isn't your fault she has issues etc, but it can most certainly calm her down, and even give any professionals the source of how it all started. which is very helpful for therapy.
$C: Oh my god, [this one?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3eTBcs_T22s)
$C: Ever see true detective? Make one of those wooden Tpee looking things and start hiding it in places she might find it
$C: I think there are devices that you can hide and they randomly timed sounds periodically (like a knock, a beep etc). Perhaps you can get a horror version of that and just place it somewhere in her room. Those things can be stuck into obscure crevices and are hard to track for their randomly timed faint noises. You'll never get caught!
$C: Add in a satanic laugh for good measure
$C: yet
$C: "...entstehen alte und nehmen die Form von LOW. BATTERY. für alle Ewigkeit..."
$C: Stereotypical American horror uses an old Germanic language for demons, always has for some reason
$C: I know some Latin. "Romanes eunt domus."
$C: https://m.imgur.com/aUarAot
$C: Nah
$C: cuz the trust would be gone from the relationship after that
$C: It was a joke, but a bad one at that. Especially after I saw a very compelling argument as to why 'an' may have been used appropriately. Rather than deleting it I take my comment in stride and grow from it. 
$C: r/scaringchildren
$C: YEP!
$C: Typically breakers like this are on a room to room switch. So, one switch would be your whole living room, etc.  The main exception is typically big power drawing appliances such as a fridge. That'll get it's own breaker.  However, you could wire it up anyway you'd like. 
$C: Yes, when wiring a skeleton house many plugs and lights in a single room are placed on one breaker. it generally depends on how big & powerful the breaker box is.

You can also pull up plans on a house & see exactly how wiring in your area is done. Not every state/county wire houses the same.

I remember wiring houses in the Vintage & Big horn where it was one line for lights & plugs for certain rooms while kitchen required many lines due to the shear amount of lights & plugs in the room that placing them all on 1 would trip every time someone used a blender with the lights on.

What many people dont seem to understand is that if a light is off theres still energy going through it. Electricity draws a constant for whatever is being used. If you plugged a charger into the wall then all the plugs will be active with the same amount throughout the line.
$C: Well then you're in the low end of people fucking around & didnt fuck something up.
$C: Nope. W is not voiced. U is in your example. Two different phonemes.
$C: I had a skater phase. Half-deflated air mattress atop a bed is a new one for me.
$C: "I'm sure it's just a phase."

"Stop denying my identity, mom! I have semi-inflatasomnia!"
$C: > petty as ~~shit~~ pee
$C: Girls are so much worse to each other than guys, me and my brother just threw punches then went to play ps2 co-op games
$C: My little sister had a huge fight when we were younger with my older sister. Ended up shitting in a jar and leaving it in my older sisters bed. Learnt never to cross that sister!
$C: "Fighting eh? After your mother told you not to? Both of you go pick your stick" - my dad.

We still fought but we sure as hell didn't get caught doing it.
$C: I, see. My, younger siblings, give, me, great power.

Older, evil, siblings, unite!
$C: Oh
$C: Dude, she's gonna have to set the clock on the VCR also.
$C: I hope op brings themselves chocolate before their self date.
$C: You can turn sound for notifications off.
$C: They can be in close contact. Anyways, I'm sure the neighbors would appreciate the sound of a gun shot followed by yelling. 
$C: Yeah, if you hold it against your head. Plus I would still treat it like a loaded gun too, I wouldn’t point it at him as I pulled the trigger just to be safe.
$C: *periodquestionmark*
$C: There's no O in genius lol
$C: [The 2038 problem](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Year_2038_problem). Basically, the way UNIX systems keep track of time is the number of seconds since 00:00:00 UTC 1 Jan 1970. In January 2038, that number gets too big for computers to understand (exceed max 32-bit int value).
$C: That comment wasn't exactly the cream of the crop
$C: If they have a computer powerful enough to efficiently mine bitcoin then i would assume they have decent enough surge protection.
$C: Using an extension cord for that is probably a fire hazard, since they're not usually rated to have a very high current running through them.
$C: I’m hoping jimmy knows about SSDs and journaling filesystems. 
$C: That's a stupid design. In my house lights are on a different circuit from the wall sockets.
$C: Huh, y'all must do it different over there. Every house I've lived in the lights have been on a different circuit to, say, the power points, the water heater, a couple other individual things separated. I've never seen breakers batched by rooms.
$C: I know what I’m doing, I had to do it all the time for A/C repair. Still scares me though.
$C: [deleted]
$C: [deleted]
$C: I'm pretty sure those examples you came up with contradict your original statement, since you used "an" for the second two when your point was supposed to be "you use *a* instead of *an* because you're talking about a board." 
$C: [deleted]
$C: Tried to do the same. Didn't work for me either. Assuming you're on mobile as well 
$C: I hear there's a lot of people getting laid on the internet. 
$C: *O*
$C: It would be "a weejee" though. An weejee wiped be similar to saying an unicorn.
$C: Such a stupid argument. You are not even making a point. 

I never said something paranormal can't exist. Ghosts on Earth however? They don't. There is no evidence. Every single piece of "evidence" that ghost hunters use has been thoroughly debunked. We live in an age where everyone carries HD cameras on them at all times and still no one has captured anything on camera that can't be explained. 

Also, there are more atoms in your body than stars in the observable universe. We don't actually know for sure whether or not the universe is truly infinite. It's almost certainly flat and may very well be infinite - but that isn't proven.
$C: There's no such thing as magic or demons or spirits. 
$C: One time I was playing with a board and the lights just started turning on and off... you can’t explain that! ;-)
$C: The same people who produce games like clue and monopoly are selling you a piece of cardboard that communicates with the dead.  Highly unlikely anything nefarious happens.  Ever. 
$C: >Heard too many stories with no good explanations.

I'll let you pick out the keyword there.
$C: Watch this https://youtu.be/mZpmj-2jiHk
$C: I grew up with a bunch of "psychics" who did Ouija boards and tarot cards so I used to believe in it too. However, some basic Google searches will show that none of that stuff is real. 

A simple test is to have people use a Ouija board while totally blindfolded. The "ghost" will spell gibberish because the people playing can't see. They're either consciously or subconsciously moving the planchette. That's it.

No ghosts or demons. Just basic psychology.
$C: I was actually making a personal "inside" joke. Totally random, honestly.
$C: Not mine, the guy above me
$C: Thats funny, its the one time i ever heard about it
$C: There is zero difference between flicking a breaker on and off versus flipping a light switch, or plugging something in. It is all exactly the same, opening or closing a circuit. Light bulbs do not blow up from being turned on and off rapidly. 
$C: Pranks are now the sole domain of an older brother?

My younger sister would disagree with you. Welcome to reality, you should stay for a while. 
$C: Feminine hand, plus a stifled feminine laugh near the end. And you can browse through the first page of OPs history and find posts referring to her gender.
$C: Holy shit, I was just walking my dog just after I read his warning, and I saw a ghost! No shit!

(I mean, admittedly, it was a movie poster, but still, he wasn't wrong!

Mind. BLOWN.
$C: I must admit I always think of this when I think of diving horses... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FAKyG7P-QCo
$C: There has never been any convincing evidence to back up that proposal. So though I don't know for sure, and I know that you don't know for sure, the evidence so far is weighted in my favour.
$C: ...because it’s fake? Are you really implying some board game from Hasbro has actual paranormal qualities?
$C: WHAT
$C: Hey so, if you want to make your life better. Don’t fucking believe in this shit. It’s a *toy*. You’re being fucked with.
$C: What the fuck ever. A *thing* holds no more power over you than what you give it.
$C: Ty
$C: I mean, I guess he was referring to the general sense that all siblings can be like this. Not only brothers. This isn’t a thing that is new, though... 
$C: "I AM CORNHOLIO!"
$C: "The senate will decide your fate"
$C: it’s treason then
$C: The sleepover will decide your fate.
$C: Hehehe. Whackin. 
$C: I just bought it again over the holidays after not having played it since the 3rd one came out. 

I can attest that that game is still the fucking shit and exactly what I remembered it to be. 


Elegant 

Smooth

Challenging

But most importantly fun

10/10 game
$C: It's a good thing you like it cause /u/GolfBaller17 will fight you if you don't.
$C: Planet coaster is great too!
$C: I highly recommend Theme Hospital too.
$C: woah. I just realized they HAVE to make a VR version just like the game, except you can also RIDE your creations!!!!
$C: I will have to raise you one theme hospital!
$C: Play planet coaster
$C: Nooooo you can’t be giving me reasons to buy another game
$C: Planet Coaster is amazing in every way except for the tycoon simulation aspect. RCT2 still has park management simulation down better.

That said the game is still amazing, definitely check it out.
$C: Planet coasters intro song is the greatest piece of music ever created!
$C: I’ve been wondering if you can make a coaster from scratch. Like curve them, make a loop and so on?
Earlier gameplay didn’t allow me to do it anyways. 
$C: Is Cities Skylines really that good? I'm a huge fan of Sim City 4 but thought the trailers for Skylines wasn't anywhere as good. I'd love to be proven wrong. 
$C: The game is absolutely the best roller coaster and park maker we've ever had...but...it doesn't feel like much of a game. Once you have a ride, get a mechanic and fast forward for infinite money...Come back in an hour and you can build a ballin park. 

Theres no way to fail :( 
$C: How is Cities Skylines?  I love those kind of games but can’t see dropping like $40 on it. 
$C: Planet Coaster is actually made by the same studio that did RCT1 and RCT2
$C: A crime has been reported!

A crime has been reported!

A crime has been reported!

A crime has been reported!

A crime has been reported!


A crime has been reported!

A crime has been reported!

I wasn't very fond of PC.
$C: I picked up Planet Coaster and had some fun playing with my kids.  I've been sunk into Diablo 2's endless treadmill of gear-finding and esoteric builds for the moment though.

Then I bought Dishonored 2 + Death of the Outsider because they were on sale.

I need more time in the day.
$C: planet coaster really needs more versions of concessions and stores, rather than just reskins and different shapes for the same concessions and stores
$C: I see RCT3 on Steam but I've never played either of them. What do you recommend? I did play Theme Hospital though so I'm familiar with the low graphics fun aspect of the Theme series.
$C: Forest Frontier only! 
$C: The one they released for mobile includes both
$C: You can download the original scenario set and play it on openRCT2.
$C: The maps in RCT1 just felt more... blandly (not sure if that’s the word I’m looking for) unique and memorable. I feel like rct2 tried too hard to push for cultural themes or bizarre themes. Either the maps were foreign countries or disco dinosaurs, with no in between. (Even though the six flags rides/maps were awesome)
$C: Oh, I've been RCTing on the shitter for a while now. Cannot get enough.
$C: The release date of RCTC correlates suspiciously well with a 15+ minute uptick in how long I spend on the can.
$C: [Oh, it's on.](https://imgur.com/gallery/aGVxE)
$C: I'm a big fan of tycoon games. Zoo and RCT were my faves.
$C: Of course not. We were all teenagers once :-D
$C: Torturing people is like half the fun of the game
$C: Are you me?
$C: I've heard that, but not the bit about the ATM. That's fucking insane.
$C: How complete is OpenRCT2 at the moment? I haven't looked at it properly for years, but have played the shit out of OpenTTD and RCT2, so this is a natural next step!
$C: Very probably the best $6 I've ever spent. It's all the best things of RCT1 and 2, no ads, no features missing, and it's in my pocket at all times.
$C: It's available for Android and iOS. Best $6 I've ever spent.
$C: Yes. Buy RCT2 Triple Deluxe and install OpenRCT2.
$C: OpenRCT2 supports Mac natively. If you want to play vanilla, you can run it under Wine.
$C: They walk among us.
$C: RCT 1 had freeplay, RCT 2 didn't. The guys over at [Open RCT2](https://openrct2.org/) have added that feature back in, definitely check it out!
$C: Corkscrew Follies was better, normie.
$C: > It's not number 2

Huh? RCT Classic is a port of RCT2.

There does exist a mobile port of RCT3, but it's not called RCT Classic, it's a separate thing.
$C: More like the ceiling at the Sistine Chapel.
$C: What are the rules then? No weapons? Or are chains and pipes allowed?
$C: You will never leave.

Ever.
$C: I want to get off MR BONES WILD RIDE
$C: 2meirl4meirl
$C: You can never get off Mr. Bones Wild Ride.
$C: A mover. 
$C: Watchie talkie
$C: Kids these days don't know what that means. Silent films having audio was a difficult switch for Hollywood. It was more expensive so it was a treat to go see a talkie.
$C: The flicksy chats.
$C: We're fucked. 
$C: Which app?  Reddit is fun displayed it as a video for me.
$C: Yes, but they called it an "audio gif" which is what people call a "video".

They didn't know *before* they read that comment, but knowing it after and still calling it a gif is strange.
$C: well your mobile app is rubbish m8
$C: Yeah, v.reddit fucking sucks. I hate this shit. And I'm not even on mobile.
$C: Get Reddit is fun. I have zero complaints ever. 
$C: I use one called Boost. It shows as a video and plays the sound. I don't have any issue with the app itself. I started off on the app so it took me a bit to understand Reddit and the app all at once.
$C: Thank you! It only played as a gif for me and I was about to give up until I seen your comment. 
$C: This is starting to happen to me a lot. I'll see what I think is a gif (because nothing indicates it's a video) and think meh that was pretty nothing, then realise in the comments it's a video with sound. Muhc easier to tell on desktop whether it's vid/gif but there isn't really a way of telling on mobile. 
$C: I am loving Apollo for browsing Reddit. 
$C: The official Reddit app has a little volume indicator on the bottom left but it loads like a gif. 
$C: Your app could just turn off the audio. They have no obligation to play the audio 
$C: You need to get yourself /r/apolloapp my friend
$C: I'm on baconreader and I'm still convinced this is all a ruse against me. Audio .gif ha.. you all don't fool me.

Edit: oh..
$C: Apollo is the only iOS Reddit app as far as I’m concerned.
$C: The point was he called it an audio gif... 
$C: Technologies.
$C: It's like elaborate ascii art with really, really small font.
$C: A frozen movie. Not to be confused with that Frozen movie, or the movie where Madonna sings Frozen.
$C: He means an electric painting.
$C: You mean a buffering gif?
$C: You mean a picture? 
$C: But with sound.
$C: Paused, Not a GIF or PNG for short
$C: No. Non-moving videos are called *still photography.* 

Or *moments when the souls of a person are captured* to an old person or layman.
$C: Spine tingling. 
$C: That's a dog twist.
$C: A R S O N B O Y E
$C: Spoopy
$C: Honestly, that’s what I thought it said before I even read the whole comment.
$C: That is quite a bamboozle
$C: He started it on the roof.
$C: Just the cats died
$C: b a d b o y e
$C: Press F to pay respects.
$C: Whoa* apparent 
$C: ''nothing survived in the house''

...except part of an extremely flammable substance...
$C: [wouh](http://youtu.be/CDTeuNbKpXM)
$C: I assume the ones in your reply too, eh? 
$C: Whoa. 
$C: It's not even close:

https://books.google.com/ngrams/graph?content=Whoa%2Cwoah&case_insensitive=on&year_start=1800&year_end=2017&corpus=15&smoothing=3&share=&direct_url=t4%3B%2CWhoa%3B%2Cc0%3B%2Cs0%3B%3BWhoa%3B%2Cc0%3B%3Bwhoa%3B%2Cc0%3B%3BWHOA%3B%2Cc0%3B.t4%3B%2Cwoah%3B%2Cc0%3B%2Cs0%3B%3BWoah%3B%2Cc0%3B%3Bwoah%3B%2Cc0%3B%3BwoaH%3B%2Cc0%3B%3BWOAH%3B%2Cc0
$C: Then stop trying to hit me and HIT ME!!!
$C: Bad and boujia
$C: A
$C: It’s ouija boards all the way down.
$C: Whoa
$C: Woah...
$C: WTF
$C: https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/7qp34o/_/dsr42jz
$C: Bad bot
$C: What if it didn't?
$C: Well-played. Ouija silver 
$C: Hi I am Ouija. 
$C: Woah. 
$C: Ouija wouldn’t have warned you. It would have told you that you’d be happy and confident. That way when reality finally arrived, it’d be 10x worse 
$C: Woah.
$C: Do our hands then act as bees in the Ouija pollination process?
$C: I have a lamp, can you use that?
$C: /r/unexpectedgimli
$C: And a vomit covered sweater? 
$C: K thanks but I'm never going to talk to you again
$C: And some rocks that Hank brought in
$C: You can have one SMALL bite
$C: And my rubber chicken
$C: Ohhh shiz, I haven't thought about too many cooks in a while. Time for a rewatch.
$C: I believe they're quoting gimli from lord of the rings? 
$C: There was a novelty reddit account some one had called something like awkward Gimli or something like that. They would post "and my axe". It made the meme more wide spread, but it's just a lord of the rings quote.
$C: Movie quote,  LOTR
$C: And uh... my thermos. 
$C: Oh shoot I'm about to buy a house but now I'm going to make sure the breakers are included! 
$C: It's just the first set that comes included.

 Replacement breakers not included, actual mileage may vary, void where prohibited. Do not use circuit breakers if you are allergic to circuit breakers, or if you are pregnant or worried you may become pregnant. Tax, title and docking fees not included. While supplies last. 
$C: Usually the first one, but ask your realtor. 
$C: As a matter of fact, I am indeed buying a house this week. It has circuit breakers, I checked. 
$C: god damit
$C: pls explain meme
$C: Can some please explain to me the roll tide incest joke?
$C: *Roll 1* damn...
$C: Hahaha
$C: ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ yup, I'm goin ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
$C: Suck for a buck?
$C: And a toonie for that poonie?
$C: "When I was about 5 or 6 around 1993 or 1994 in Burien, Washington" 

Was your teacher Mary K Laterno?
$C: When I was about ten or eleven, my parents wound up with these weird christian comic books that they put in the top of the living room closet and they were off limits to me. Well I read them anyway. One of them was about a kid in someplace like India I think, in a backwater town where a missionary was spreading the gospel and what not. This kid thought he was possessed and one of the manifestations was that his bed would shake at night. So a few nights later I'm laying in bed trying to go to sleep, and whadya know my bed starts shaking. I'm possessed!! I freaked out and grabbed a couple of lightning bolt posters off my wall and threw them away (cause new age imagery) and rededicated my life to the lord and all that. I was getting *right* yo.

Years later I realized that when you lay still and quiet and your head is turned just right, your pulse will thump in your ear and it feels just like the whole bed is shaking. Kept me on the straight and narrow for at least a week though!
$C: [Doesn't help that Spencer's sells a legitimate Chucky doll. (Link for posterity, but really just don't click this thing.)](http://www.spencersonline.com/thumbnail/pc/2523/c/342/350.uts) A dickbag kid in middle school (mid 2000s) owned one, and would chase me around the playground with it. I've got a lot of hellish memories from that period of my life! Hoorah for being a social outcast, and all the resulting mental health problems that's caused.

Went back to Spencer's the other day, and they still have the damn doll for sale! That place is a mystery to me. It seems like it hasn't changed a bit in 15 years.
$C: So here’s something crazy, with the way memories work you probably weren’t actually imagining him about to shake your bed.  Your mind likely added that part after the fact because of the shaking. 
$C: hello fellow burien person!
$C: Weird as hell, as I am pretty much the same age and was terrified of chucky for years. I sprinted down about 1000 dark hallways because of that damn doll.
$C: FYI i think you may have been older than you remember. Using wikipedia there was an earthquake in your location except it was may 1996.
$C: he probably remembers too

https://i.imgur.com/0QrmOBB.gif
$C: [deleted]
$C: My parents made me watch that when I probably about 8 or so and of course it scared the shit out of me.. Well they thought they'd capitalize on the terror and the fact that my little sisters had these dolls that would talk to each other if you got them close enough.. Creepy little fuckers. One of them was blonde and the other was a little curly redhead.
Guess which one I woke up to standing at the foot of my bed saying, "Come play with me!"

My parents were dicks. Brilliant dicks. 
$C: I had one of the dolls that my uncle got me as a kid, my mom wouldn't let me take it out of the attic cause she was terrified of it. So it sat in a tiny rocking chair right at the top of the stairs.
$C: Oh thank God I'm not the only one with an irrational fear of that fucker! My dad was clicking around channels one night when I was about 6 and accidentally left it on too long on one of the Child's Plays. God I didn't get solid sleep for days, especially since I still had a set of Woody and Buzz toys that would talk to each other. They had these wide eyes that mechanically blinked and I swore that those two were going to do me in if I turned my back on them one night. 

To this day I can't even sit through the new Chucky trailers without tensing up and my heart pounding.  
$C: Holy shit I used to live in a legitimate terrifying, haunted house in Burien. That house made me believe 
$C: Good thing there wasn't a "My Buddy" doll in the house.
$C: My grandma showed me and my sis that movie when we were kids and it terrified me. When we were a little older we stayed over at my uncle's and he owns a chucky doll and someone[idr if it was sis or uncle] thought it would be funny to put it in my room while i was sleeping and it was the worst. Eff that. 
$C: Chucky is the reason Toy Story scared the shit out of me as a kid. Also that baby doll head spider.
$C: Ayyyyy, another Burien native. 
$C: There's 2 types of people in the world. Those who will forever be horrified by chucky and those who taunt those who are horrified by chucky.
$C: Well, it's done. Burien has been mentioned on reddit. I've seen it all, no need to internet anymore.
$C: My brother would lock me in a room and yell, “CHUCKY CHUCKY CHUCKY!” He was an asshole.
$C: How did your sibling manage to shake the house?
$C: Yeah - fuck your mom
$C: My mom used to wake me up from the top bunk bed with a blonde "my buddy" doll I had when I was younger. She'd use a creepy voice too.
$C: My mom did the same shit to me when I was little and I've yet to live down the screams I let out...
$C: Alright I'm a couple hours behind but this is almost too damn relatable. 

My fear of Chucky formulated in my dreams while I was just a wee lad. Like yourself, it would give me nightmares and it made me quite terrified of China dolls or life size caricatures too. I used to watch all the nightmare on elm st, classic slasher style horror films when I was like 9. I watched them all but the Chucky films I hated with a passion.

Anyway, my older brothers were the reason I loved horror films. They thought it was hilarious to prank their little bro (me) by sticking a fucking 2' chucky doll in the bed while I slept. 

I shit you not there's practically nothing that scares me now, except maybe an unexpected bill and this  http://i.imgur.com/LBgxGGd.png
$C: Haha my step mom is petrified of chucky. When I was about 17 they had just gotten back from a trip. I offered to bring their bags in from the car. The reason I did was to put a chucky doll in her suitcase right on top . That was a hoot 
$C: Wow your mum was a real asshole. Also a really irresponsible parent.

That movie is for older teens and adults, it's not appropriate for small kids.
$C: That's really f 'd up!
$C: That's not very nice of your mom....😞 I would never do that to my kid. I watched a lot of horror as a child and I'm absolutely scarred from it.
$C: Chances are you fell asleep. Earthquake hits. Your brain tries to make sense of what's happening in the real world to you by dreaming it up. "This has happened to me snd I'm sure a lot of other". Chucky is a big fear of yours. Subconsciously you know to get the fuck out. So boom you're up and running. Survival mechanism. Always trust your instincts. 
$C: hey, I live just north of Burien in West Seattle! small world
$C: Oddly enough, this makes me want to watch the Chucky series now. And yes, when I originally saw that series, I was still young enough that I was actually kind of scared by it.
$C: It's a nice short story! :)
$C: OH SHIT! I'm 39 now but back when chucky came out I let my little brother watch it with me and then took his my little buddy and kepts pitter pattering around his room with hit and night and having it poke up at the food of his bed with a knife from the kitchen. I got in so much trouble.
$C: Northridge, CA?
$C: I'm surprised that she did not go all out and get a My Buddy doll and place it at the foot of your bed or something to really slam a home run in childhood scarring.
$C: I was terrified of Chucky too, so my dad got me a doll that looked just like him and ran on batteries. I threw it in another room somewhere and took out the batteries, but he put in back in my room, and started moving it around when I wasn't looking, still with no batteries of course. He wouldnt let mom tell me when I came crying to them about it. He thought it was hilarious.
$C: Holy shit, this earthquake/movie terror happened to me too during the same exact quake... when my folks were at a dinner party in Seattle - I was about the same age, a year younger - the hosts had put on Arachnophobia for some adults to watch, not noticing that a few of us kids had snuck into their home theater.

At the exact moment the tiny little instadeath poison spider jumps from a tree and crawls down the nape of a man's neck, everything starts to shake.  All of us screamed and ran around in a panic, terrifying the adults in the room who hadn't noticed us in the corner/behind their couches.

It was years before I stopped stomping all spiders on sight, I'm sad to admit... given we have but one (rare) poisonous spider in Western Washington.
$C: God damn it I hate Chuckie still to this day.  My grandma had this one doll that looked exactly like the non evil doll and I remember one of my older sisters throwing it in my closet.

Always slept with my back to the wall with my bed pushed up against it to make sure it couldn't sneak up on me.
$C: Earthquake?
$C: and then, to get revenge, I became a doll and killed everyone.
$C: Omfg I was the same age/same time having a fucking fear of Chucky as well. 
$C: I was terrified of Chucky as a kid.  I watched it with my cousin and my aunt when I was over one night.  I was sleeping over, like I often did.  We all watched the movie and the night got late so we turned in.  My cousin sleeping in his bed and me bunked on the floor in my tmnt sleeping bag and matching pajamas. 

Well, my cousin and my aunt are evil and knew I was terrified of Chucky.  I often remarked about how I hated my cousins “my little Buddy” doll because of its resemblance to Chucky and it just freaked me out.

Needless to say I was mortified when I woke up to that doll sitting on my chest staring me in the face.  And not only that, but he had a butter knife in his hand as well.  Albeit it was taped to his hand.   But at 2am in the moon lit bedroom, I was going to be killed.  That’s the hardest I’ve ever heard my aunt and cousin laugh to this day.  And I’ll never forget why I had an irrational fear of dolls for so long.
$C: Ha.  Shout out from kent!
$C: I also hated that doll, so my step dad named his new dog chucky!
$C: I used to have this major fear of someone breaking into the house.  One night I was laying in bed listening for every single little creek in the house.  I thought I heard something and my heart started pounding.  I did hear something, and it was racing up the steps towards me very fast.  My heart was pounding so hard at this point.  It came, and went.  I had my window open, and a louder car came racing down the street.  
  
20 years later, and I still remember the amount of fear I was in.
$C: [It's me, your mom](https://m.imgur.com/gallery/jUvov)
$C: “My mom always thought this fear of mine was funny...” 
I’m not a mom but I’ve been there. I used to tell my little brother bedtime stories about the Rat King.
$C: This story is amazing. It’s the most terrifying thing that could happen to you, but it’s not a prank or your imagination. 
$C: http://bloody-disgusting.com/toys/3478423/full-size-classic-good-guys-doll-prop-coming-halloween-2018/

Sorry.
$C: Had a similar experience.

I had a fear of tornadoes as a kid. Realistic enough as we lived in the midwest. One Sunday night there was a very detailed documentary on PBS about...you guessed it. Tornadoes. I was all primed for bed that night. It was spring, the widows were open, and I kept thinking could hear the sirens going off in the distance. I was just dropping off to sleep when they actually went off. Woke everyone up in the house screaming, just to turn on the TV and find out it was a false alarm, ala Hawaii this past weekend. 

I don't think my heart rate slowed down for two days. 
$C: I am still scared of Chucky!
$C: Talking Tina from Twilight Zone man... Just had my first kid and I've outlawed all dolls... My wife thinks I'm kidding.
$C: I have the same Chuckie trauma... so my dad bought a collectible doll of Chuckie and his bride and he just scares the shit out of everyone in the house, even the dog.  

I am currently working on my revenge. 
$C: I used to be terrified of Chucky, but after watching the one where he starts his own family, I couldn't stop laughing through the whole thing, and no more fear of Chucky
$C: I lived in Burien during that time too! Wonder if the same ghosts we had made it over to your place??
$C: Was about to call you out because I distinctly remembered the nisqually quake happening mid-day but then I realized I wasn't alive in 94 and this wasn't the nisqually quake.
$C: Lights were swaying and I looked at the time and it was nineteen ninety eight and the undertaker threw mankind off......
$C: Did you go to highline?
$C: >I’m sure that his father was out in the garage...

Thing is, if you flip a fuse like that, you don’t just turn off power to a single appliance. That couldn’t have been what happened if the tv went off by itself, *then* power was cut to the room.
$C: I'd bet it was the parents. Half the people at a party I went to in high school wanted to watch Blair Witch Project, and the other half thought that was kinda lame. The parents who owned the house loved the idea of a solid prank, so, at an appropriate time, we killed the main breaker and had people scratching at the doors and windows from the outside at an appropriate part of the movie. The movie watchers completely freaked out. TLDR -- parents can be down for scary pranks.
$C: seance*

I don't know why I am like this.
$C: Even if it wasn't intentional, there's literally thousands of other plausible explanations before you get to "ghost".  With that being said, anytime something even slightly odd happens in my house, I absolutely and without pause go straight to "ghost".

Mystery noise? Must be the ghost. Dog is barking at nothing in particular? Must be the ghost.  Roku rebooted in the middle of a show.  Absolutely is the ghost.
$C: when i was about 16, i decided to throw a party on a piece of property that my family owned for logging. theres 15-25 people there, nice and drunk at about 2 oclock and start hearing 3-4 mountain lions start screaming... scared to fuckin death, was my buddies older brother and a couple of friends who was pissed i no one invited them. 

$C: This basically sums up why I want kids.
$C: With a Ouija board, it was probably Satan. X)
$C: You can make a religion out of that
$C: You see what God just did to us man?!
$C: Reminds me of a story at a church convention growing up. It was in this huge stadium / convention center and the sermon was done and the pastor said on the count of 3 we would feel the Holy Spirit move, and after a 3 count wind came rushing through the place. I didn't notice it, but my older brother said they had a bunch of staff members open all the storm doors leading into the building at once.
$C: "...and I will now transform this ordinary glass of water into wine. Now, look closely as HOLY SHIT LOOK OVER THERE" 
$C: No god would have filmed horizontally
$C: No, it's Heather. Taking a piss.
$C: It was God, you see. Because, ah, God made the brother do it. 

Very mysterious.
$C: Maybe it's Maybelline
$C: Well, Ouija backwards spells Ajiou, and Jesus was jewish, so therefore it's Jesus.
$C: Nah, it was dog. And he was good.
$C: Did you see what God did to us, man.
$C: Evolution made the man, god made the circuit breaker
$C: clearly it was the summoned spirit of their late aunt Karon
$C: I, too, remember the voluntold.

As the youngest sister, I pulled the string, pushed the button, licked it and poked the dead thing.

Let us now join hands and let go of the Scepter of Suffering.
$C: People in the comments correcting me as I wrote "He" before.
$C: Oh yeah ghosts are real, there's just literally been no proof in the hundred thousand years humans have been around lmaooooo.
$C: Those are guys hands though 
$C: Nah

Edit - is there actually a decent sized chunk of reddit users that believe *ghosts* are real? What else? Santa? Unicorns? Fairies? Mediums? Horoscopes? What a load of bollocks
$C: If ghosts were real there would be a single ounce of solid proof absolutely
$C: Fortunately that doesn't happen. 
$C: She probably doesn’t use it 
$C: For people who don't know please do not do this unless you have a death wish
$C: /r/shittylifeprotips
$C: deleted  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.8044  [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/94190)
$C: I did this too at my parent's party. My mom didn't think it was anywhere near as funny as I did but my dad laughed his ass off. I'm happy to see so many people took advantage of that opportunity lol.
$C: Hey it's me your uncle
$C: Aunt did this at ours. Street lights also clued me in on the prank. The opportunity for that kinda prank arrives once in a millennium, worth the sheer panic and screaming
$C: My cousin did it while we were all at my uncles NYE Y2K party. I was traumatized.
$C: Okay this is for real what happened at mine. Are you my cousin?
$C: > , but we noticed the streets lights were still on

Why would you expect the ghost to take out the entire suburb? Surely an isolated outage would be "more paranormal".
$C: Only until I can get a greencard to see my family again in the US
$C: Year round

$C: with a boner
$C: With a boner!
$C: You had feet? Luxury! 
$C: I met my girlfriend in a picture frame. 
$C: I was so poor I would look at the mirror and mercilessly ridicule my "twin." Only it was a funhouse mirror ,which was all we could afford since my dad pulled double shifts at the jar factory, which made my twin the better looking one. 
$C: Oh, I used to dream of pictures in a frame! Would have been a palace to me. I had to draw pictures of my imaginary siblings on a wet piece of cardboard I found on our rubbish tip. Frame? Huh!
$C: Oh lucky you. We would’ve killed to have a stock photo to ridicule! We had to live in a shoebox. 
$C: At least you had your other personalities!
$C: Ohhhh, you could afford a frame?!???  
$C: Hark at you, with your posh frame and picture! When I were a lad we had to go down the park and stare at the fish in the pond. 
$C: Siblings are overrated. Trust me. My brothers are total douches. Srsly. 
$C: That just because you are unaware of geography. You see the Netherlands has Mt. Scenery on Saba which is 2900 feet tall and since 2010 has actually been a full part of the Netherlands and fully annexed. The Netherlands actually has 4 mountains, 3 in the Caribbean and one in Europe. 
$C: When technology can understand memes, we are doomed as a species. 
$C: You can just make a custom command for that stuff.  Sync up lights, spooky sound effects... lock all the doors...
$C: 'Alexa please quiche board the basement'
$C: I can teach Bixby to do a series of things when I say a specific phrase... this does NOT sound beyond the realm of possibility, especially with a bit of setup. 
$C: How is that a meme?
$C: I’m the Husband version of this. My wife went upstairs to use the restroom when we were hanging out in the back yard and she tells me  “Your computer or something keeps playing Banana Phone really loudly.” In a very concerned tone when she came back downstairs. I just said “huh must be a weird virus” with a shit eating grin. She was not as amused as me. 
$C: I feel your pain.
$C: R.U.
$C: Something something beetlejuice. 
$C: Maybe you will when you're Grasshopper22..or 23..
$C: That is really okay for me. 

I want them to take their time. Quality over quantity.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Naw... He actually prefers Stan now. Satan is too stigmatized for him.
$C: Agreed! I wish I could have my highschool years back. Luckily, I still have some college years that I can enjoy. 😊 And boy, am I enjoying my newfound freedom!
$C: 7th day Adventist, I feel our God has power over demons and you shouldn't be afraid. I find it easier if you just choose not to acknowledge them or fear them, in case it gives them more binding into our realm (kinda like how IT and Freddy Krueger gain powers from fear)
$C: Protestant I suppose. I would think it makes little difference however. Every single Christian should know that having faith in the Lord only distances you from Satan. Regardless of whether or not you believe, it's what Christians believe, and thus any Christian child who is terrified of demons likely had shitty parents who tried to scare them into believing by making it seem like demons have more power than they actually do. As far as I'm concerned, demons are just the little voices in your head that tell you to do something wrong or selfish, like the little devil on the shoulder your see in cartoons.
$C: Yeah that is super fucked up. Borderline crazy.
$C: That's not the kind of belief I meant. More of a "Ahh you scared me, I thought it was a demon!"
$C: Then that is a very wise use of the materials available at your disposal. My applause to you for your ingenuity.
$C: Too many fucking stone blocks
$C: Not good. No one pays much for the English anymore. 
$C: >It was re-popularized through the nerd rap movement 

>Doesn’t look like there are many views on that video

Lol
$C: [deleted]
$C: I didn't realize MC Chris was part of a movement, rather than a singularity. Much thanks!
$C: >a few years back.

Fun fact, it was over a decade ago!
$C: I discovered it in dunnet in emacs
$C: Who was that old guy in the video?
$C: Yep. Especially achievement hunters.
$C: How is a 1977 text based game obscure? I don't know dude, I'm sure every kid knows about it 
$C: Yeah, and dunnet later
$C:     I don't think that the door would agree with you.
$C:     You can't talk to the door!
$C:     North of House
 You are facing the north side of a white house.  There is no door here, and all the windows are boarded up.  To the north a narrow path winds through the trees.
$C: GODS I WAS A DUNGEON MASTER THEN
$C: Huh. I kinda figured. Thanks though. It’s interesting 
$C: *shudder*
$C: Thank you?
$C: > Re: My little sister from another world can't possibly be this pranked

ftfy
$C: I'm in dire need of new OreImo episodes.
$C: I'd honestly enjoy the sub a little more if the writers don't make everything a saga. 
$C: Holy fuck new favorite subreddit! (Part 5383)
$C: good god that text color on the background. Why can't r/ooer have that combo?
$C: TIL. Thank you. 
$C: Take my upvote,  you awful majesty
$C: I didn't miss your reference, don't worry 
$C: It's an example of a green text story laden with 4 Chan references 
$C: We all win on this blessed day.
$C: Is karma a win?
$C: You mean audio gif.
$C: And I win because I get gold.
$C: At least it's not a compromise. We don't want it to get ugly.
$C: > When did I label it as misogynistic?

Well, probably where you sarcastically said:

> Yes, it is possible that girls can be funny. 

Automatically assuming that people believe women can't be funny is automatically assuming people are misogynistic.

> Especially when there are easy context clues like nail polish.

Guys can use nail polish.  Are you \*gasp\* assuming people's gender???

Look at you, taking the information you're given and making an assumption.  It's kind of like how some people realize that the vast majority of redditors are male and just base their interactions off that assumption.
$C: Nah I just said completely forgot have.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Doot doot 🎺
$C: "Ask your father."
$C: "Poof, you are a sandwich."
-Dad
$C: https://xkcd.com/149/
$C: Sudo changed your password so he doesn't have to take your crap anymore.
$C: Every. Time.
$C: STOP KILLING THE AMAZON
$C: Almost. You have to unscrew the panel face, which is usually 4 large screws and takes 0 technical ability, but when you remove the face you now have all of the wires exposed, including the main power that feeds your main breaker. That means that even after you turn the main off, you still have a large, 200A/240V live cable staring you in the face.
$C: You are vastly overestimating the savyness of people under 40 these days. I’ve known grown men with kids and families that didn’t know what a crescent wrench is. 

Edit, this isn’t some knock on milenials because I am one. It’s a statement about how most people aren’t actual able to do something simple like this.
$C: You turn off the main breaker
$C: [deleted]
$C: Absolutely, but flipping the breaker on and off constantly is going to cause the fridge's evap fan and possibly the condenser to cut on and off since most fridges will kick both of those on as soon as it powers on.
$C: I'm the youngest of 4 and when I turned 16 I got a used car, so there's always hope the same happens to your little brother.
$C: I was sort of in that situation, and they just gave me by *grandparent’s* old car instead of theirs. 
$C: Can’t even get around at all in the south without a car
$C: No car at 16, but live near the city so it balances out I guess 
$C: Middle class here is basically "not homeless"
$C: Yep.

I got my Mom’s old minivan.  It needed driving fluid at every stop or the wheel would lock up (try that shit on the highway), and there was a chain connecting the two front doors together because the driver’s door didn’t latch closed.  Still loved the car though.
$C: And don't forget to pick up your brother. 
$C: Look in the drawer...oh god I wish I was 16 again
$C: Same here! When I was in 5th grade I got straight As and I was so excited ited to bring the report card home. My older brother had been struggling and barely passed, almost didn’t pass. They congratulated him and for him a gift because he passed. I didn’t get shit. 
$C: Are you the 3rd sibling?
$C: Too this day my siblings claim that the deciding factor for the front seat is age rather than height, despite the fact that none of us live at home anymore. This displeases me, as I am the 3rd of 4 and the tallest.
$C: I’m the youngest of 4 in my family. I’m 21 years old and even still, whenever we’re in a vehicle together I always go straight to the back. I’ve just gotten accustomed to it. I’ve found it’s better to just stay out of it.
$C: Your knowledge of the favorite kid gets really driven in when your mom who has said she won't buy any of us cars, is currently buying a car for your younger sister.
$C: Found the white dude
$C: Brother this guy.
$C: Guys brother this
$C: Guys, brother this.

$C: You're right, I forgot to mention *the bisque*!
$C: yahta yahta daze


$C: Did they just say Yahtayahta instead of Yaddayadda?
$C: I mentioned the bisque
$C: I was just correcting his punctuation without really changing his wording. But yeah, I would've written it like yours.
$C: Are you serious?
$C: 🏴 That's the spirit! ☠
$C: Glad I moved to the US. I remember seeing those stupid messages. 
$C: Enjoy, its a great movie!
$C: That's true. As is this: https://ibb.co/jbiHj6
$C: Beetlejuice!  Beetlejuice!  BEETLEJUICE!!!
$C: Is 'Big' really that a common of a saying for 'bigger kids' then? I just thought it was poor (cliche) writing...
$C: Thanks for the translation.
$C: Wrong. Dont do it big. Aka dont go overboard.

Edit - strike this from the record
$C: This is the correct answer 
$C: In France they call it a Royale with cheese.
$C: SOLID reference, brah
$C: true if big
$C: I don't think so. It would have been "don't do it big" instead of "don't do it, Big" if that's what they meant. "Big" is likely a nickname, potentially because he's older than the little kids he was going to scare
$C: This guy orals
$C: I think you under estimate how much power the sun has during the day. 
$C: They probably have school during the day. There was probably light coming in through the windows.
$C: So the doors to the rooms had these windows. There was light in the lobby that made the room we were in not completely dark.
$C: I too shouldn't be caught here, back to the kitchens with us! 
$C: theres alot more there for sure, her mom was a nutter too, so the whole apple falling from the tree thing
$C: "Madness, as you know, is like gravity. All it takes is a little push!"
$C: Well madness is like Gravity
$C: its not so much her going crazy that funny, as it is the blaming of my sister and stupid fucking board
$C: Nothing is funnier than legit mental trauma, everyone knows that.
$C: ill break it down for you special people out here like this guy, her going crazy wasnt funny, the family blaming a mental illness on a fucking board is, if you cant see that then your the type of person people dont invite out to the bar
$C: The funny part is laughing at the stupidity of the accusation that a room full of little girls playing a typical sleep over game. 

But I guess that's not pitchfork worthy enough for you.
$C: everyone look at this guy hes offended on the internet SOMEONE DO SOMETHING!
$C: > Happened to my 2 brother in laws

Strong genetic links with this mental illness. It can manifest in nearly any stage of life but 17- 30 is common. My fiancé's grandad was diagnosed and institutionalized at the age of 55.
$C: sure for the sake of my dad and i not looking like assholes lets go with this reason right here!


$C: lets be clear, my dad and i absolutly did come into the room laughing directly after it happened. at which time the feeling in the room when from screaming teenage girls, to laughing teenage girls. but no i never said it was use who fucked with the lights because we did feel it was implyed, a few days later this girl starts talking to lockers and her mom came over screaming at my sister calling her a witch and saying we "broke" her daughter.  thats why this shit is funny, not cuz some poor girls mental issues came to light but because her bat shit crazy family blamed a board game. Which my mom and dad both laughed off, we didnt feel the need to explain the situation because it was past the point of keeping the "arguement" in a realistic realm...


$C: Holy shit. That has got to be one of the most terrifying things I've heard. I think I'll burn it onto a CD along with similar clips and hide in my friends radio.
$C: I can't catch my breath. Laughing so damn hard imagining that.
$C: Oh my ducking god I’m laughing my ass off. The funniest thing is; that would be terrifying if it was in a dark room. 
$C: >Child calls upon demons to help him reorganize is PC space
$C: I've seen the normal clip dozens of times, yet the reversed one has me kinda scared
$C: Bruv! This clip has me crying! Like idk but really scary shit makes me cry for some fucked up reason. Like in One Missed Call (I know it's bad, fight me) that fucking ringtone makes me cry every time. I'm fucking 25.
$C: Ah, one of the oldest memes in existence. *sheds a tear*
$C: To that, even i would shit pants
$C: I just watched the first 15 seconds and I’m giggling my ass off because it’s so fucking funny but I’m DEFINITELY gunna have nightmares LMAO
$C: "You know Carcosa?"
$C: It doesn't sound creepy, but it so so is. When I was selling my house, I leave and realtors let strangers wander around and then I come home when they leave.  I always poke around to make sure everything is fine but there is always that "what if someone stayed behind" thought.

One day I keep hearing a phantom phone vibration but could not find it.  I was completely freaked out.

It was a buddy's work phone he left behind by accident, perfectly wedged in the couch against the wooden frame.  So not loud enough to immediately find, but just enough to hear from anywhere in the house
$C: Yes! I had one that did a creaking door noise and heavy breathing. It lasted for a long time and was pretty funny. 
$C: People called Romanes they go the house? 
$C: O tempora o mores
$C: Having a seperate breaker for lights is actually not that uncommon, especially in modern houses with energy efficient lighting. At least according to my electricity teacher, I haven't seen enough breaker panels to know it from experience.
$C: W is indeed voiced. Linguistically, it is described as the *voiced labio-velar approximant*, and it is considered featurally the equivalent of the *close back rounded vowel*, /u/ as in m**oo**n or fr**u**ition. 
$C: How is w not voiced? Standard ‘why’ is just ‘ooAi’.
$C: She said see ya later phase.
$C: It’s some kind of psychological difference in men vs women

2 guys can beat the shit out of each other and then make up and be perfectly ok in a few minutes 


2 girls on the other hand if one wrongs the other they will never forget it

That’s my theory/experience 
$C: 12:00
 - -:- -
12:00
 - -:- -
12:00
 - -:- -
12:00
 - -:- -
12:00
 - -:- -
12:00
 - -:- -
12:00
 - -:- -

$C: Yes, and then I have to remember to turn them back on again if I want to be able to hear them.

Also if you think I can just live with having the phone vibrate when I get a notification, a buzzing phone would also disturb my sleep.

Oh, and my LG phone likes to turn on its display for no reason once in a while. So then I'd have to reach over and turn the display off several times a night.

Basically, phones are a huge pain in the ass as alarm clocks!
$C: ive been living an illiterate lie
$C: Jimmy is 12.. he's just learning
$C: The kid is 12.. what does he know?
$C: I"m sure he got lerned. cheers
$C: Look at you with your fancy lights that don't plug into wall sockets
$C: Scared is how people get hurt. 
$C: Woah there, big guy. You sure you know what you're doing? Doesn't sound like you know too much if you're afraid of them.
$C: It's not the turning off that causes the issues. 
$C: Hahahaha you're right, my bad 
$C: Oh no... The sound is what makes it though
$C: desktop
$C: like through VR?
$C: K
$C: Sounds just like something a magic demon spirit would say. 
$C: You say that but eh
$C: *see freaky African witchcraft*

Even if it's not real, people do creepy stuff in its name.
$C: [deleted]
$C: *see video

Sometimes is a prank. I get. Other time, not so much.

No concrete proof on my end about it, specifically about this. Probably would be if I dug, but I'm feeling tired. You wanna do it, good for you. I wouldn't, though.
$C: If you would know man.

The lights started to flicker and then i heared weird sounds which sounded like german backwards or something.

0/100 wouldn't recommend.

On a real note though - i wouldnt do it either.
$C: Something makes me doubt that Hazbro is selling those.
$C: Okay, that makes sense. Really, it does. I did some searches of my own.

And even while this seems totally fake, and it probably is, I'm going to do more research on this stuff altogether. Form my own opinions on facts, and come back with my results.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Cute.
$C: Yeah that..
$C: Because it was a church? These were our friends and neighbors not some random place we hit on. I think I was 14. Were going to stay in the gym with everyone else. Instead we pulled  a prank. Tom Sawyer told me to do it. Or maybe it was Huck Finn.
$C: Gee, thanks for the fucking tip. You got any more helpful hints? 
$C: I NEED TP FOR MY BUNGHOLE
$C: “Come to Butthead”
$C: I AM ADELE DAZEEM
$C: https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/beavisandbutthead/images/9/93/Beavis-1.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20120108001944
$C: RCT2 looks too intense for me!
$C: Make sure to join us over in /r/rct!
$C: [IT'S A FEATURE](https://i.imgur.com/QYGop4w.gifv)
$C: I read your text in Dunkeys voice.
$C: May I point you to OpenRCT2 then :) (Requires RCT2)
http://openrct2.org/
$C: RCT2 aged so well for me because now I understand that loans are not free money and actually hurt my revenue. No wonder six flags never succeeded :(
$C: check out parkitect
$C: You should check out openRCT2 https://openrct2.org/

They added mp and fixing bugs etc. I think they have long term plans to remove the limits on rides and buildings
$C: Better than 1 and 3?
$C: but mah sense of pride and accomplishment when i pay 2 win ya goof
$C: How, how can I play this game again
$C: Its definitely fun but how is it challenging
$C: I really like RCT2 but I never liked the challenge. I just wanted unlimited money and make whatever park I wanted.
$C: You just described your sexy self.
$C: Dude there's way more vomit then I remember. Guests are animals
$C: Be careful. I bought it 6months ago on steam and lost 60 hours of my life. 
$C: 11/10 with rice.
$C: > that game is still the fucking shit

For a moment I think I just lost my mind - if the game is shit, why was he praising it? 

_ohhhh_
$C: It’s on mobile now too, and in full glory. It’s not dumbed down or anything it’s the full game just like you remember but now for iOS and Android.
$C: Basically the Tony Hawk Pro Skater 2 of RTS theme park construction games
$C: The guys who made it recently put out a new game called Planet Coaster that’s great too. It’s on Steam. You should check it out sometime. 
$C: I'm on Windows 10 and can't get it to start :( I've Google Drive solutions and nothing works.
$C: would you say it's better than 3? I found 3 too easy, like each challenge took an hour.
$C: Aww dude did you buy it? It's free from here http://openrct2.org has a bunch of updated features too. 
$C: I mean there is a VR game where you do that already
$C: There is a game called Planet Coaster that's supposed to be pretty good and you can ride your own rollercoasters. 
$C: Planet Coaster is awesome! I have it and just adore it!
$C: Username unfortunately not relevant.
$C: No worries.  Check out r/planetcoaster and you'll see the crazy shit people are building and you'll lose all motivation.
$C: Played all RCT titles. Was great for it's time. Planet Coaster takes a dump on the whole franchise. You can literally do anything. *Literally* anything.
$C: Yeah, it's not like /u/money808714 is made out of money...
$C: God damn, if my life had a slogan...
$C: its a perk designer and not a game.

There is almost no actual game in planet coaster.

Once you are done designing you are done. Completely different from rct
$C: If no one has mentioned it, look up OpenRCT2. It's free, has mods built into it, and there's a [subreddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/openrct2/) for more help.
$C: r/notbeatlejuice ?
$C: Dude, Planet Coaster is amazing.  It's the same company that made the first 2 RCT games.  It's an absolute work of perfect art and deserves to be played by every person on the planet.
$C: I would argue that Baba Yetu from Civ 5 is the single greatest piece of music that accompanies a video game.  That one stays with me for days (and I don’t mind).  

Edit: it’s from Civ IV
$C: Here's members of the dev team playing it live: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/209448065?t=10h58m43s
$C: Yep you can. You can build it section at a time and even set the curve amount.
$C: Yes, nobody ever liked mine. I made them awesome. But they were "too intense". 
$C: I think even in the earliest of the alpha builds you could type "under construction" in the scenery search to unlock a very early version of the coaster builder. 
$C: Depends. Do you like having good graphics and building something that looks realistic? Cities Skylines is a great game for you. Do you like deep simulation and challenging management decisions? Then SimCity 4 is the game for you. Same with the coaster games actually, with RCT2 being the best for management but Planet Coaster having incredible potential as more of a theme park design tool.
$C: Its like what every Sim City should have been. 
$C: I'd call it the spiritual successor of Simcity 3000 since Sim City 4 changed a lot of the gameplay from predecessors.
$C: Unfortunately that's what I'm starting to notice lately :(

The difficulty hasn't really increased, it's more just a matter of the scenarios taking more time, if that makes sense. 
$C: I thought it was by the people who did RCT3?
$C: You are supposed to build stuff around it. Go on steam workshop if too lazy, there is even copies of RCT2 shops. Unless you literally just want different sessions that fit on the small grid, don’t think that is going to be worked on anytime soon.
$C: RCT2 is the better out of the two, simply because it adds a load of new features to the game but keeps the same gameplay. 

If Open RCT2 is anywhere near as good as the OpenTTD game then I would strongly recommend playing that simply because the goal is to recreate the original (but in an opensource way) design it for modern computing and improve on it further (you still need to own RCT2 to play Open RCT2 at the moment). That being said, I have no idea how complete OpenRCT2 is at the moment (it's on version 0.1.1 so my guess is not completely!)
$C: But does it include RCT: Wild?! I liked shooting the guests tbh
$C: OpenRCT2 is the fucking best
$C: [Indeed...](https://imgur.com/a/l4T93)
$C: They've recreated all the original code, so the only thing you need the original game for is the assets. There are many bug fixes and improvements, but the one thing a lot of us are waiting on is a new file format so they can increase the limits of the original game.
$C: Define "complete". It's an ongoing project - new features are added all the time.
$C: No low blows 

As long as channel 5 don't show we're all good 
$C: owie
$C: Nuptuk - hero of the south!!
$C: A Move-y
$C: Zhu Li, do the thing! 
$C: They'll be there next big thing. We just need a star.
$C: FYI: A vcr is a sex box. And her name is Sony. 
$C: Or, put another way, a talkie is a movie with talking, and a movie is a 'picture' that moves.
$C: Sync will show a volume toggle button if there's sound, otherwise just regular gif controls.
$C: Baconreader doesn't give sounds. Had to open up with chrome to get sounds. 
$C: The official app displays it as proper video aswell
$C: I'm on baconreader. Been using it for 3 years. It's the only way I still use reddit.
$C: The Relay app, for me, displays these as a muted gif with an unmute button. I've found this very useful in class or work.
$C: Boost also displays it as video 
$C: BaconReader showed it as a gif for me, but you can click the link and it goes to video. 
$C: I’m having the same issue on Reddit for IOS. What is Reddit is Fun? 

It shows the volume toggle and allows me to adjust it but won’t play sound unless I open the web browser. 
$C: Samesies.
$C: Alienblue has it as a gif
$C: Baconreader shows it as a gif, but it also says the "gif" is from v.reddit.com.
$C: Ios mutes the sound if you are in silent mode.

It does not happen on all apps though
$C: I use Joey. It is way better. 
$C: Are there other apps?
$C: Ironically, what people call "gifs" nowadays are actually just videos with no sound.
$C: Done
$C: Watch your fucking language there could be children reading this
$C: SO MANY PIXELS
$C: Cartoons? Also known as activated scribbles.
$C: Fur raising
$C: HOT DOG
$C: F
$C: gg
$C: But isn't it the point of the story? When that extremely flammable substance survived the fire, it reinforced greatly that it was the board doing. 
$C: whaouija 
$C: wuho
$C: This is actually surprisingly nice. Real mellow. Thanks for sharing.
$C: Woot! New music!
$C: You deserve an updoot, valiant interweb warrior
$C: nice beat
$C: Oh. My. Gdo.
$C: Woah*
$C: L
$C: if i wasn't poor AF i would give you gold 

$C: W^O^A^H
$C: Never mind that fucking bot
$C: But what if it *did*?
$C: What the fuck is an Ouija board? And when did we get ice cream?
$C: Hi I'm board
$C: Im pretty sure it has something to do with the friction of the pointer thing, moving back and forth, slowly, but not too slow, around the the board, caressing it, joining as one, like kindrid spirits intertwined in a tragic story of knowing love and of knowing lust, but, always remembering that tomorrow may never come, so the moment is like electricity, bounding from pointer thing to the board until the dance is done. That my friend is how the Ouija is made.
$C: I love lamp.
$C: I don't have a lamp, but I have something that's not too dissimilar to a flashlight. 
$C: I have nipples, Greg. Can you milk me? 
$C: Not exactly the Light of Earendil...
$C: Yes. But I think they'll realize it's me turning it off. I need the house.
$C: Imagine if you had a real weapon!
$C: Blunt force trauma?
$C: I have nipples, Greg, can you milk me?
$C: We need a lamp at least 3 times this size!!!!
$C: You can use anything with nipples.
$C: My girlfriend left a Nuva ring in the fridge, would you like that? Would that be good for you? *I know you don't drink.*
$C: It's dangerous to go alone, take this.
$C: Imagine if you had a real weapon?
$C: Ah ok 
$C: See store for details. Parental supervision is advised. Batteries not included. 
$C: It insinuates people from Alabama engage in incest. 
$C: Reference to Alabama football team.
$C: *Niiiiiiiice*
$C: If it was he wouldn’t have been going to bed alone.
$C: “Fun” fact, I made out with Laterno’s adult daughter during one of her Mother’s “hot for teacher” nights at Dante’s in the U district in Seattle. My roommate was mutual friends with her and I never knew her story until I saw her mom and 21 year old “husband” DJing for a fundraiser for her legal bills. Her daughter was a damaged person if I ever knew one, got moved to Alaska to escape the press/shame and when she returned to Seattle was never the same. She is a beautiful girl, I hope she is doing better now. Also another “fun” fact Dante’s was Ted Bundys favorite bar to scope out potential victims. Weird vibes permanent from the walls in that place. Only photo I ever had to call Facebook to remove was the one I had with that monster. Being tagged with a convicted sex predator isn’t a good professional look. 
$C: This guy statutorys
$C: I just read the article about Mary K Laterno, that was a wild roller coaster ride.
$C: That's a pretty deep pull from the archives.  12/10 even without rice.
$C: Probably more like Mr. Burris.
$C: Letourneau. I had to wikipedia her because I knew the name but forgot what reason.
$C: 
edit: Well, I had no idea who that was. Removed personal info, different school.
$C: Now there's a blast from the past.  Haven't heard that name in a long time.
$C: Dude I get those but they sound like footsteps.
$C: Place has a lot more Vibrators and dildos now than I remember.. 
$C: They sell it at Virgin Megastore too. Every time I walk by with my daughter I casually mention buying it and she freaks out, sometimes cries a little. It’s fun.
$C: I’m glad it hasn’t, I loved Spencer’s as a teenager and still go in there every chance I get.
$C: I don't know much about minds but I distinctly remember me picturing him between the foot of my bed and the wall and then the shaking. It's entirely possible but it's so vivid that I can't really believe it happened any other way.
$C: Hello! Unfortunately I moved to the East Coast the same summer but have visited and still enjoy the Greater Seattle area.
$C: You're probably right, we moved in the summer of 1996.
$C: It does a little :)
$C: You're right about it not being for kids but I was a little shit when I was younger. 
$C: Yeah that would have done me in. 
$C: It's possible, my mom swears there was at least one ghost living in our house.
$C: I think it was Seahurst Elementary.
$C: Man, you should take a look at the wiring in my house. That's the real horror show, every outlet in one room is on a different fuse, sometimes connected to two other completely separate rooms. Old owner did a DiWhy home renovation. No fires yet, though, so seems like it was a good enough job.


Edit: since this blew up, does anyone know why one of my bathroom plugs has two hot wires in and only one wire out? That isn't normal, right? Things seem to work normally, and I really don't want to mess with something that's currently working, but it's always bothered me.
$C: Usually overhead lighting is on a separate circuit than wall outlets.
$C: That’s not correct at all. Go to some old houses or ones with bad electrical problems and wiring and you’ll find some breakers that control a single outlet or literally nothing. Or some that control a room upstairs and the ceiling fan downstairs. 
$C: Lighting is usually on a separate circuit.  If they weren't using other appliances in the room, very possible this could have happened, although lighting throughout the entire house would likely have been affected. 
$C: They would have been too scared to notice anything else plugged in to that particular circuit to notice. Lighting is almost definitely on a seperate circuit so it would stay on until the breaker was tripped. 
$C: I've been in several houses with really janky wiring. Current house has one breaker for the fridge, microwave, coffee maker and the living room tv on the opposite side of that wall.other side of the kitchen is on a second breaker. Includes the overhead lights, wall outlets and the ac window unit. You're assuming this house was well put together and perfectly planned out.
$C: No but a single room can have multiple circuits and in a utility room it is very common for the lights to be completely separate from the outlets (so that the lights don't go off when a power tool trips a breaker). This is more commonly garages but now that I think about it I've never dealt with the electricity in a house with a basement. 

Anyway, if the TV was the only thing on plugged into an outlet it is totally feasible the dad could clip the outlet breaker and then the light breaker.
$C: as others have said, usually the lights and appliances are on separate circuits/fuses, so if they didn't have anything else on that would have been obvious if it turned off (computers, clocks etc) then it's pretty likely.
$C: Lights and outlets are often on a different circuit though, so if the TV was the only thing on the outlet circuit it could have been turned off independently of the main lights (assuming no lamps in outlets) 
$C: Plugs can be on a different breaker than the lights.  His dad is the kind of guy to know exactly which breaker did what.

That, or he had the remote.
$C: Oh yeah? Well then, how do you explain the friend who died, Mr. Smartypants?!?
$C: You can flip a breaker that only turns off outlets so if there were no lamps plugged in and they were using a ceiling light then you could turn the tv off without turning the light off... easy to do in my den. All I have plugged in is my tv and my Xbox/PS4 and then phone chargers and laptops. Nothing that would make anything other than the tv turn off noticeably. 
$C: It's common to have lights and outlets on different breakers. Then if you trip a breaker you don't have to fumble around in the dark
$C: It's actually totally possible. There are often breakers that will target certain chunks of wiring, if it was in the living room it's possible the only thing plugged into the outlets in that section of the house were the TV and probably a bunch of other stuff related to the TV, like a stereo or vhs player, maybe a table lamp that was already off. 
$C: In older houses this is completely possible. In my house one circuit contains half of all the outlets in the house and another for the other half. And a third circuit for lights. You could easily turn off a circuit for the outlets in the back half of the house while the overhead lights stayed on. Lamps plugged in however would also turn off.
$C: Depends... I've been in houses where like, one wall is on a certain breaker... And depending on what else was on in the room, maybe it was just the tv that was on at the time.
$C: Normally sockets on one fuse, lights on another, so possible he Turned the sockets off knocking the TV off, then flipped the lights on and off. 
$C: No you cut power to a group, which if made in a weird way like in my appartment, shuts down parts of a room and not it all. Having different groups in a basement might happening if you have different "high power" appliances that would flip the fuse if used simultationsly 
$C: One of the friends or parents could have had a universal remote too. We messed with people all the time with those when I was in middle school years ago. 
$C: Some electricians think a circuit = a roll of Romex. My last house had all the lights on one circuit and all the wall plugs on another.
$C: you could cut every outlet in the house and then the lights and the prank would have worked fine, 99% chance no one would notice other stuff going out in the 30 second freak out
$C: Thats not entirely correct. In my house we have breakers for some appliances and others are for specific outlets. Its very much possible thier tv was on a single outlet breaker
$C: ...Says that man who's never seen a circuit box from the 1920's.
$C: Well look at Mister Fancypants over here, with his "correctly wired breaker box" and "switches not wired directly to outlets."
$C: You don’t flip fuses.  You flip breakers.  
$C: It is pretty common to have outlets on one breaker, and the lights on another breaker. That way if you overload an outlet circuit and blow a breaker, you aren't left in the dark. 

This also helps when you have to turn off an outlet breaker to do work/ add a plug in the room, because you will still have lights while you work.
$C: Not true. There's at least two breakers in my living room. My mom flipped a breaker and it turned off the TV, flipped another and it turned off the space heater on the other side of the room. It's not a very big room. 
$C: A lot of places will have different walls on different breakers. So the TV and lights could very well be different. 
$C: Or maybe it was both. WHO KNOWS? LET'S ASK!!!
$C: A Luigi board?
$C: You misspelled "Santa."
$C: It was probably Santa!
$C: If you play an AOL disc backwards, it plays a secret message

rIsE fRoM tHe DeAd In ThE nAmE oF sAtAn 
$C: Or a dead relative
$C: ♥️ HAIL SATAN ♥️
$C: Vertically
$C: Maybe God uses snapchat 
$C: It's a dude 100%. Or a "she" with an Adam's apple because that is some bassy  snickering.
$C: But meanwhile you can't prove it isn't :)
$C: Most feminine looking male hands I've ever seen...

oh look, she posted a selfie:  https://www.reddit.com/r/StrangerThings/comments/7pmm7g/target_for_the_win/
$C: What's a ghost?  A disembodied soul?  So yeah, pretty much every single religion teaches a soul exists and can exist outside of a physical body, which can *sometimes* appear as visible to a living person.  I'm not happy about it either, but it probably shouldn't surprise you that so many people believe this.
$C: Yes....yes it does.
$C: Kills two birds with one stone. No more electrical problems, no more life problems!
$C: What'd the comment say?
$C: Negative karma is my forbidden fruit~
$C: I for one thought that I was hilarious.
$C: Moms just seem to have a lack of humor in their lives.


$C: I see they gave you internet privileges.
$C: Delete this uncle
$C: Is it bareback wrestling time already?!  ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ
$C: This is about the y2k bug, not a ghost.  
$C: might want to do that soon, seeing how things are going with Trump things might get pretty hairy soon for our neighbors north and south of us. 
$C: Pound Town
$C: Into the wind.
$C: With bags of coal on our backs
$C: And my axe!
$C: Roll Tide
$C: Look at this photograph. Every time I do, it makes me......
$C: We need a picture frame model AMA. 
They can just go out and buy a picture of themselves already framed.
$C: This sounds made up.
$C: You were lucky! You had a mirror, we were so poor we had to make do with a tiny shard of glass that doubled as a razor. 
$C: I was an only child... And poor. 
$C: You tell the youths of today that, and they wont believe ya!
$C: Please no.

"Okay Google, show me de way."

Proceeds to drive you off a cliff.
$C: It's cute that you still think we have a chance.
$C: See Black Mirror, Season 1, episode 2.
$C: You children, are playing, with fire!
$C: What is a luigi board?
$C: The actual definition of *meme* is very broad. At the time of this comment, ~30,000 people have upvoted this post, meaning 30k*5-ish people have seen the post. And the post is currently rampaging through the ranks of reddit towards/on the front page, so it will get much more attention. At least for the next day, this post will be a 'meme', and maybe much farther into the future.
$C: We want both. Oooohwee! 
$C: I mean. They're not even working on it at all, as far as I can tell. Harmon seems to be on an extended hiatus. It'll also be interesting to see if his recent scrape with #metoo (though he handled it well and his apology was accepted) will impact their schedule (or worse).
$C: The problem is they aren't using this time. They haven't even started on the next season.
$C: They did that with season three and look how that ended up
$C: Southpark can bang out some quality shit in a week.  They can do it biannually I would think - just depends on the writers and what other goals and aspirations they have.  A lot of the greatest artists work great under pressure sometimes.  Beatles are another self-admitted example I can think of
$C: You would like Tool (the band)!
$C: That's a shit excuse to spend 2 years writing 10 or less episodes.
$C: *I got riggity riggity wrecked either way! Wubba lubba dub dub, bitches!*
$C: Don't blame the show, blame the fanbase.  I also wish we lived in a world where quality content could be released and the internet wasn't  full of a rabid fanbase to do nothing but recycle the punchlines and ruin the whole fucking thing.

Can we go back to pre-web 2.0?
$C: "Actually, it's Sateen."
$C: Seriously. You know how much identity theft he had to put up with before the name change?
$C: > Satan is too stigmatized for him.

Well so was Jesus. We all have our crosses to bear. 
$C: Do you speak in tongues or pick up snakes? Of course it makes a difference. There are many interpretations of what's written and just because you've been raised to believe in one interpretation doesn't automatically make other people "shitty parents" for having a different one.

You know, that whole "thou shall not judge" thing.
$C: Or, catholic. Catholics don't fuck with demons.

Well, some, of course.
$C: It's such good music, it's a shame they got some weird idea to "make nerd rap popular". There's cliche songs about nerds vs. jocks and stuff like that.
$C: Damn that shit was catchy
$C: TIL about “nerdcore”.


$C: He was the first that I knew of before I found out there was a movement.  He may have been out on his own and got swept up in it, because I remembered him putting out songs close to 15 years ago and nerdcore kind of saw its peak at around 10 years ago.  I dunno, though.  

I found the documentary I was talking about: [Nerdcore Rising](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1159722/).
$C: It is quite obscure, but that particular line has been referenced in other media, so it's not *too* weird.
$C: It's sort of like THE original game on the personal computer platform.  With a heritage predating that.  Certainly anyone old enough will remember it, and most gamers interested in where we came from will at least know the name.
$C: it's not a text based game, it's THE quintessential text adventure game, upon which all others are based. 
$C: But everyone kinda does know about it. It's been mentioned everywhere at some point or another
$C: This could be a cool bot
$C: N
$C: Can I introduce you to Eromanga-sensei and Imouto sae Ireba Ii
$C: The Left and Right Game is an exception though, even if it's on part 9 it's still very very good
$C: Also if the shit they wrote was actually even just mildly freaky. Only a tiny fraction of the shit on /r/nosleep or /r/creepy is actually quality.

For /r/nosleep a ton of the stories are dumb as hell and would take *significant* effort to try and force yourself into actually finding them even slightly scary. Remember one photo album + story thing where some urban explorer type found some ultra creepy ass unlived in mansion with extremely discomforting statues all over the place (like what reason could some freak possibly have for all these statues, maybe they're satanic cultists????). In reality the house didn't look creepy at all, just looked like a typical spanish-inspired large house with matching renaissance-style marble statues (none of which looked even remotely "off") to decorate the landscaping. 

"/r/edgyart" would usually be a more fitting name for /r/creepy based on the usual posts there.
$C: Np. Congratulations on the house!
$C: [Yeah, so was my comment.](http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/277/984/3de.jpg) 
$C: Speak for yourself.
$C: I dunno, is mayonnaise an instrument? 
$C: [̲̅m̲̅][̲̅e̲̅][̲̅t̲̅][̲̅a̲̅]

[̲̅e̲̅]

[̲̅t̲̅]

[̲̅a̲̅]
$C: ~~There is audio~~

Edit: I can't fucking read. 
$C: /r/2meta2fast
$C: Meta
$C: How would you describe a pattern of misattributing funny videos to men, even when they're (pretty obviously) posted by women like this one? Granted you haven't seen this pattern like I have, so you'd have to take my word that this happens a lot, which somehow I doubt you would do. I'm guessing you aren't the type of guy who listens to women. 

Honestly I'm just shocked it's that difficult for the guys on here to recognize a girl when they see one. Maybe it's just that most of reddit hasn't spent much time in the company of one. 


$C: Which bands? None that i know of outside of the core field. 

And i said Screamo because probably the biggest "metal" thing in the mainstream after the 80's was Linkin park.
$C: "Dad, Mom told me to tell you to make me a fucking sandwich."
$C: Gay kids starve because of this.
$C: Oh, wrong Amazon
$C: [deleted]
$C: Good thing I don't have kids cause I sure as hell don't know what a crescent wrench is.
$C: I had never called it a crescent wrench and still don’t. Most people I know don’t know what that is. But they know what an adjustable wrench is. 

And I’ve known people over 40 with grandkids who don’t know what a crescent wrench is. So it isn’t some magic generational thing. 
$C: > crescent wrench

Adjustable wrench*
$C: Except anyone can just watch a tutorial and follow it step by step.
$C: Except anyone can just watch a tutorial and follow it step by step.
$C: > I’ve known grown men with kids and families that didn’t know what a crescent wrench is.

Dude please.  You don't need to know the name of all the tools.

It's not like I'm calling out to you for something, I just go in the toolbox and grab it.  This ain't a movie.

And if I am calling out to you, I'm an idiot cause no one cares about the name of it and I'll get it myself.

What lives do you all live where you say I need a crescent wrench to someone?  It's the spinny thing wrench in the box.  Got it.  Still, I'm not in a movie/tv show.  So I'd still simply walk over and get it.

Fucking hell.
$C: Or do it live

(DO NOT DO THIS UNLESS YOU ARE A TRAINED PROFESSIONAL. EVEN IN THAT CASE THIS IS STILL A LAST RESORT AND USUALLY NEVER DONE.)
$C: Yeah, or death.
$C:  middle bother here. Both my siblings got nice cars. My parents haggled my car down from $1000 (US)
$C: Yay, Los Angeles? 👀
$C: Man fuck driving fluid
$C: Yeah I graduated Magna Cum Laude in the spring. They didn't come see me walk. No one did... but bet your ass they were there for my older brother and sister, took them to dinner, got them cars, and helped pay for their education. They didn't even allude to being proud of me. People wonder why I have depression and self esteem issues.
$C: Yup. 
$C: All of us being home for winter break resulted in many foot races to the car to see who would sit up front, accompanied by,"But I'm older!" "I was here first!!" 
$C: Good. Know your place.
$C: Pack it up boys, we're done here.

$C: Yug siht rehtorb
$C: Brothers guy this
$C: Hey it's brother, your me
$C: Roll Tide
$C: 2 brothers
$C: Guys brother this.
$C: Brother bear!
$C: This guy yodas
$C: Mada mada dane
$C: https://youtu.be/rW6M8D41ZWU
$C: no that was me taking the piss but from the down votes i think people dont get it
$C: Maybe his actual reddit username has "Big" in it and he forgot he was posting this story on a throwaway.
$C: i took it as an actual nickname. but maybe they were going for colloqiual
$C: Biggie Smalls
$C: I've never actually heard it before, I'm only assuming that's what it means based on context.
$C: I’m a preschool teacher where we have babies to 5 year olds. I’ll refer to the toddlers and 2 year olds as the littles to my students and other teachers, but I never call the older kids bigs. 
$C: Note the comma and capitalization.

 Or are you trolling
$C: Or maybe she meant not to overdo it so it wouldnt ruin the moment. Also that guy could have shit grammar for all we know
$C: Or she's possessed!
$C: Madness is the emergency exit!
$C: It ain't a party until someone loses their mind.
$C: Right because it was really you that helped her go crazy and not your sister, right? Do you sometimes feel bad just a liiiiittle bit ????
$C: She was doing it for attention 
$C: Did you ever tell them the truth?
$C: >then your the 
type of person people dont invite out to the bar

How you didn't grow out of this sort of thinking is beyond me. You remind me of the stereotypical edgy teen in most movies. Like any form of empathy you feel as a dude needs to be eradicated in order to hang out with the "cool kids" at "the bar". It's laughable. 
$C: I'll break it down for you special people who think being edgy is exciting;

people don't think rationally about the circumstances involved in horribly tragic events which are difficult for even unattached third parties to fully comprehend.

It doesn't matter which aspect you find funny; neither are funny. Your clear lack of empathy is unsettling. It's depressing to know that there are people out there who are so deaf to the suffering of other people walking around out there.
$C: I already explained this in another comment, but when something tragic happens it's pretty easy to come to irrational conclusions. Especially when it comes to something so difficult for most people to understand - mental illness is incredibly poorly understood in America by a vast majority of people.

You can't really expect the family of a young girl to understand exactly why their daughter, who left their home as a completely normal and functioning person, came home literally speaking to hallucinations, or to handle that event rationally. It's a completely understandable conclusion to come to that where ever she was just at caused this "thing" to happen, even if that's untrue.

That makes you human, by the way, not "stupid."
$C: How do you manage to not cut yourself on all that edge?
$C: Yeah we just had a kid and it worries me a great deal but it is what it is...  going to give him the best life possible and hope for the best.
$C: ... that’s seriously so fucked up. Funny, but fucked up. I’m guessing you never told her / the family?
$C: Could be a good cellphone ringtone. 
$C: Make an exact copy of an album they regularly listen to, but had that in the middle. Replace actual album with Doom Album. Enjoy.

Bonus points if its an album they listen to while working doing yoga or something.
$C: Same I'm tearing up 
$C: Seriously. I don't think I've ever laughed this hard *because* of how terrifying it would be
$C: [deleted]
$C: You're in Carcosa now
$C: I actually believe it. It makes a lot of sense. I'm no expert by any means, and I don't think I've ever worked in a house newer than 30-40 years old. Learn something new everyday! Thanks for the info!
$C: I suppose it could be voiced. I don’t associate the W with the vocal chords vibrating. I think they just let the reader know how to form their lips. “An ouija board” just sounds weird to me. 
$C: Wow.... How did I forget *that*
$C: Poor poor broke jimmy...
$C: apparently he knows how to mine btc?
$C: Most houses have built in lights that you don't plug in. 
$C: I don't think he means he's scared to the point of effecting his work. There's nothing wrong with respecting a real source of danger. Complacency kills.
$C: You drive every day, you scared to get in a car wreck?
$C: [deleted]
$C: *Y*
$C: *Y*
$C: CURSES! YOU HAVE FOUND MY ONE WEAKNESS!
$C: Hoodoo?
$C: You sure your older sibling havent found power switch and played some track from the phone?
$C: [Literally Hasbro.](https://www.hasbro.com/en-us/product/ouija-game:86117134-5056-9047-F5E1-46EB2553A56A) 

[Also Parker Bros.](https://www.amazon.com/Parker-Brothers-600-Mystifying-Oracle/dp/B0042P8PUQ)

It's a toy. That's why it's made and sold by toy companies and not, um, seance companies or something. 
$C: The Hasbro company *literally* holds the trademark for it
$C: But you get my point lol
$C: Below is a really basic gif that shows how a switch works by breaking the circuit to prevent the flow of electricity until closed. This is what light switches do, unplugging something, and then plugging it in does this, and flipping a breaker does this. They all break the circuit.

 https://imgur.com/gallery/PGFDF

Nothing is going to get "fried" doing this. 
$C: Whatever keeps you entertained.
$C: ***WHAT***
$C: Therapy?
$C: Lake titi-kaka
$C: The principle will give me TP !!

     .....tpee tpeeeee teepeeeeeee
$C: For there is only one almighty bunghole 
$C: I always thought it was “bumhole”. 
$C: "I poop to much. Then I get tired."
$C: Bather her, and bring her to me
$C: Into the lake you go, then.
$C: This comment is freaking great. A+
$C: "I want to get off Mr. Bones' Wild Ride"

[The best thing you'll see all day. ](https://m.imgur.com/t/4chan/Wxzbl) 
$C: !redditsilver
$C: You get a VIP pass on Mr Bones’ Wild Ride.  Or if you choose, you can ride my 100% safe ride, “OMAE WA MOU SHINDEIRU”
$C: Just subbed! Thanks!
$C: Missed opportunity to use /r/ct. 
$C: Mastapeece
$C: Awesome thanks! The lack of a fast forward feature is the one thing that prevents me from getting into rt2 when I go back to it. This is perfect.
$C: Defiantly better than 4
$C: It's pretty much 1 with more features. For 3... It's personal preference.
$C: I got 3 for Christmas when it came out but it wouldn't play on my parents crappy computer so I never ended up getting into it. 
$C: Look at some of the Expert scenarios.
$C: you still need the original game files for Open RCT2
$C: :O im getting too old for this shit!! brb gonna buy an oculus and a $60 game
$C: I'm gonna have to call this username *very* relevant, however. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: I think it depends on what you want in a theme park simulator, it the best art tool you can buy for building theme parks. I think in regards to park management thou it comes short. If you want to manage a theme park park tech is what you want.
$C: What? Is RCT not a park designer? Did you just play the sandbox mode, which let's you do whatever you want and said "Meh, the various scenarios for this game doesn't make it a game?" 
$C: I thought Baba Yetu was Civ 3. 

Edit: It was the theme for Civ 4 apparently. 
$C: Baba Yetu is great. 

I also thought Spore had a theme that worked really incredibly well for what the game's scope was trying to achieve.  

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Cs6d1-jIQY
$C: That always frustrated me. I could spend two hours designing the coolest roller coaster I could imagine and nobody would ride it, or I could spend five minutes making some dinky thing with a few turns and a dip and people couldn't get enough of it.
$C: Sounds like it's worth a buy for both games (I owned and love RCT2 as well). I love the challenging management systems of both Sim city 4 and RCT2, but  I also love me some realism. Thanks for the info! 
$C: They actually did RCT 1-3 but they only have the rights to call 3 their own since the studio itself, Frontier, didn't exist.  However, the people who make up the leads at Frontier worked with Chris Sawyer on the first two games.
$C: i want more things to sell than they offer.  theres like only 4 different types of concessions
$C: OpenRCT2 is superior to vanilla RCT2 in basically every way. There really aren't many reasons left to still play the original.
$C: Complete vs RCT 1 and RCT 2 (as in feature complete from the originals). I know that these games then get legs from having played OpenTTD for years, but knowing where this is compared to the originals is a good starting point!
$C: Just now realized how dumb I Am.
$C: A movie. 
$C: I’m sorry sir, there are no more things to do!
$C: Yep same with boost, but sometimes I don't notice the volume button and assumes it's a gif
$C: Same for Relay
$C: Or are regular gif controls just video controls without volume? 🤔🤔
$C: Sync now has an icon for Reddit videos that is a circle with the text "Reddit" and a play icon


[Here's how it looks on mine](https://i.imgur.com/sAOzhPo.png)



Sync version: 15.1.1
$C: It shows the volume toggle and allows me to adjust it but won’t play sound unless I open the web browser. 
$C: there is no such thing as "gif" controls. Browsers will automatically play the file as a GIF and follow whatever settings it has for looping or not.

If you see controls it's because you're being served a video file created from a gif because video files are a lot smaller than gifs of the same dimensions. 
$C: Baconreader sucks, redditisfun ftw
$C: Baconreader has been crap for a long time. I still use it because I like the ui but I constantly find myself switching to Reddit is fun to view specific posts because the app developers don't seem to care about fixing glaring issues.
$C: Alien Blue for life!!! 
$C: Curious, are you from outside the US?
$C: i've been using the default reddit app on the play store... 
$C: [Here's how you can view Reddit uploaded videos with sound (if you really want to for one) if you want to use BaconReader and until they update it to support them.](https://imgur.com/a/oLI2X)
$C: upvote for relay
$C: Unless it ends in the .gif extension. Then it's a gif.
$C: Nice.
$C: 5m
$C: There’s no car in this series of electric paintings set to air vibrations though.
$C: paws are sweaty
$C: F
$C: doesn't it also reinforce greatly the bs?
$C: Walouija
$C: wawegie
$C: **Wiz Khalifa**

Ouija made me type that. Uh no.
$C: Waluigi
$C: Woahrrior
$C: Dude
$C: U
$C: I guess this doesn't always work
$C: Then, like, **whoa**.
$C: What if I want pizza?
$C: It's a board with letters on it and a lens you look at the letters through multiple people will place their hands over the lens and try to channel the dead to communicate with them. The idea is that no one try and push it a certain direction and instead let the spirit guide their hand
$C: Oh.... oh my... I’m flush 
$C: Do you really love lamp?
$C: It's like digging through geological layers of fossilized memes. 
$C: #**WHY ARE WE YEELLLIIIINGG**
$C: L A M P S E N P A I
$C: What?
$C: Nah I'm good
$C: Why though? Is Roll Tide a town?
$C: Are you suggesting they don't? 
$C: That doesn't really explain the incest part though. Just because it's Alabama?
$C: https://i.imgur.com/7Ik4Sx4.png
$C: this is important, we gotta get this boy his "luckiest boy in the world" award
$C: Nice
$C: He certainly wouldn't be surprised by the bed shaking.
$C: This post is a rollercoaster. Now just to clear something up, are you saying you had a photo of you with Ted Bundy or Mary K Letourneau removed from your Facebook?
$C: I too have some fun facts, I used to race RC cars in the Burien Toyota parking lot with a bunch of people. There were twin boys I raced with that was in her class. 
$C: Love that is "eternal"..

> Filed for legal separation in 2017

Welp.
$C: >wild roller coaster ride

heh. I see what you did there
$C: I do when I forget to take my blood pressure meds. Check your BP. 
$C: Virgin Megastore...what a name.
$C: Marvista here. 
$C: The guy who owned my house before me decided to add some lighting to the closets.  In the crawlspace he simply peeled back the insulation and wrapped new wires across the exposed old ones.  One of these were right above a steel gas pipe.  I can't believe the house is still standing.  
$C: It's perfect for when you need to draw 15 amps off of every single plug! Think of all the applications!!
$C: Dude I live in an apartment where every outlet except one is on the same switch. Its miserable when you try to run the microwave and AC at once and everything shuts off.
$C: If its a big room it isnt uncommon for multiple breakers to control different sections of it
$C: One hot wire on the plug is a "travelling" wire from another circuit most likely.  You have to get power from somewhere.  My house was wired in the 60's and has a few seemingly random circuits like this that I found out when I was wiring a bunch of zwave smart switches in.  Also don't confuse neutral with hot.
$C: In the UK, you have fuses inside the device plug because post-WW2 it saved copper during house construction and it just never went away because it turns out to be safer that way.
$C: I lived in an old house where the kitchen light would turn on if you pushed down the toaster handle. I never figured out how that worked.
$C: Consider yourself lucky.

My house has the washer & dryer, the downstairs bathroom outlet (females have chosen this one as 'theirs' and use it for hair blowdryers, which is fine since the other bathroom not attached to the master is directly next to my room- it'd be loud there.)
...

And my room on the same circuit.  The laundry room is right next to the downstairs bathroom, so this part makes sense.  My room is on he second story of the house.  It makes no sense to wire this way, none of the other bedrooms, all upstairs, are on that circuit.  So any time I have my PC running, the hair dryer knocks the circuit offline.  Any time the dryer  is going and the hair dryer, even when I'm just reading a  book using no heavy draw electronics, I am plunged into darkness.

I fucking WISH everything was on  its own circuit here, you have a nice 'problem' :\^)
$C: I think that means one of the two plugs was or is wired to a switch (so you could have a lamp or whatever tied to an on/off switch on the wall).

If that currently isn't the case, it may have been in the past. I think you would just have the two hot wires tied together in that case and it wouldn't be a problem.

[not an electrician, but trying to figure out my own screwy wiring in my 1940s house]

$C: I’ve lived in one of these houses before and honestly it was more of a nuisance than anything cause you will find that the idiot electrician had wired a socket in the bedroom to one connected to the dryer for example and it would always overload and flip whenever the heater was also switched on. While there were so many sockets in the living room which were hardly drawing any power.
$C: Replace the outlet.  Could be simple fix 
$C: Um, you cut off the plugs. Lights are a different circuit for sure.
$C: Why do people build houses like this?! Ours is the same way, and it's not even that old! But in 1986.
$C: DIWhy?  I like it.
$C: Can't say for sure without seeing the wiring myself, but it sounds like there is one hot wire in, another hot wire going out to another switch/outlet, and your neutral. It is common for plugs to be daisy chained along like that. Not every outlet has a wire going all the way back to the circuit panel.
$C: I feel you dude. We can't even figure ours out completely because one fuse is an outlet in one room and also lights in a different room with another fuse being half the kitchen, and the other outlet from the first room as well as being the outlets in my room. Anytime we have to do electrical work we have to cut power to the whole house.
$C: Yup.  And this guy's dad is the kind of guy who would absolutely know which breaker did which plugs.
$C: I don’t feel like answering 16 people, so I choose you. My house is over 100 years old. Three of the past five houses I’ve lived in were at least that old. I’ve never once seen a circuit cut just appliances in any of them. It was either the entire room, an entire quadrant of the house, or was an unresponsive switch (read: nothing noticeably changed). 
$C: [Never seen a fuse box from 1920’s, you say? Well, you see, this box in my stairwell would beg to differ with you.](https://m.imgur.com/a/CeR3o)
$C: Meh, close e-fucking-nough. Closer than all the people saying that the switch itself is the circuit.
$C: S....U....C....K........M.....Y....hey!
$C: r/askouija
$C: /r/askouija
$C: just go to r/askouija
$C: Hollywoo Stars and Celebrities: what do they know? do they know things? lets find out. 
$C: I
$C: Hi Mr. Peanut Butter!
$C: S......E......N......D.......N.......U......D......E......S
$C: okay, pick which shoulder to turn to first
$C: /r/AskOuija 
$C: You know, you might be right.

Santa -> Satan

Claus[e] -> Lucas -> Lucifer

Makes sense!

$C: > No god would have filmed horizontally

> No, god would have filmed horizontally

This is why punctuation matters...
$C: Not sure, but heard Jesus was on grinder
$C: You realize why that's an extremely poor argument right? 

You can't prove IM not a ghost, but we can look at all the evidence, look at all the people out there that DO believe in ghosts, and have never been able to produce anything substantial, and use our big boy brains to come to a really obvious conclusion.
$C: I don't believe in souls but I think you can believe that souls exist without believing that they embody spectral forms and interact with the physical world (as ghosts). I don't think a belief in ghosts necessarily follows on from religious belief. 

It's a bit like believing in aliens. You can be open to the possibility of life outside our solar system without believing in crop circles and ufo conspiracies.
$C: Oh ok phew, silly me, do carry on *sidles away, whistling and twiddling thumbs*
$C: "It probably dry rotted in there. Be sure to spray your breakers with water twice a year to avoid this in the future." 
$C: He's tight with the warden ^^^ifyouknowwhatimean.
$C: no
$C: then to Flavor town
$C: Roll tide
$C: Inconspicuous Incest.
$C: Brown town 
$C: ROLL TIDE!
$C: That’s what she said

- Michael Scarn
$C: Roll tide...?
$C: Roll tide?
$C: Rolltide
$C: Roll tide
$C: Roll tide
$C: go on...
$C: Splaph.
$C: graph
$C: Fap
$C: Would ya look at it?! 
$C: And always in best angle and lighting too
$C: [deleted]
$C: Luxury. We had to trot along beside moving cars to use their rearview mirror. I always thought I was closer than I actually appeared.
$C: That was honestly the first time I've gotten a good chuckle out of that meme. Thanks!
$C: That's what you get for using stale memes, brudda!
$C: Siri, help me find de Queen. Now spit on da queen
$C: Honestly where is that meme from? 
$C: Only reason it would do that is for mentioning a meme after it long dead
$C: No, memes have to be repeated in different contexts. They mutate and adapt to their environment. They're the mental equivalent of genes. Language is the biggest meme, with religion following it closely.
$C: Caaaan do!
$C: Settle down there, Mr. PBH.
$C: Doesn’t he fuck a porn star often? 
He doesn’t strike me as a dude that would be fazed by that nonsense. 
$C: This happens with almost all Adult Swim shows. It gets popular, it gets bloated and the creative process gets changed up...and the show starts taking forever to come out. Look at Venture Bros.
$C: Drugs? 
$C: Fucking awesome.
$C: I thought that was a pretty great season, my favorite.  Don't want to wait that long again for another and I don't think the extra time really helped, but I liked it a lot.
$C: Yeah. Season three was awesome.
$C: You didn't like it? 
$C: https://imgur.com/gallery/bOwhV
$C: I’m bad, and that’s good
$C: Adele Dazeem
$C: Nicole Kidman is the devil?
$C: "Actually, it's Suh-TAHN, like _Settlers of."_
$C: I don't care how many denominations there are, any denomination that teaches kids to fear demons is wrong. The core principal of Christianity is the belief that Jesus of Nazareth is the Son of God, and that all who believe in him will be granted eternal life in Heaven. Pretty much anything else is moot.
$C: Catholicism needs to get with the times. It has a problem with pedophile priests and they put too much emphasis on saints.
$C: You'd be surprised
$C:     Forest Path
This is a path winding through a dimly lit forest. The path heads north-south here. One particularly large tree with some low branches stands at the edge of the path.
$C: While both good. Neither are on par with Oreimo.
$C: A man of culture I see
$C: You capitilize both the letter i at the end there, kinda implies its a sequel to 'Imouto sae Ireba' 

I do want a sequel of that show tho.
$C: Eh? What do you mean? 
$C: Oh I'm sorry then that myself and so many others missed out on that. If it's any consolation I didnt down vote you. I thought you were genuinely confused 
$C: I all win on this blessed day.
$C: I can say positively yes, shake it up and down and it makes a funny slappy fappy sound.
$C: And here come the insults.  Nice.  This is definitely a sure sign of someone who's making a really solid point.
$C: Deafheaven
$C: You ungrateful son of a bitch! When I was a kid I would have made my own damn sandwitch! Why don't you try that!
$C: "You're 38 years old and perfectly capable of making your own fucking sandwich."
$C: Not the wire that feeds the main! Everything downstream of the main, yes, but not upstream.
$C: This [thing.](https://www.homedepot.com/p/Crescent-12-in-Adjustable-Wrench-AC212VS/203161636) Super handy tool. One of those "if you can only fit 5 things in your toolbox, this should be one of them" types.
$C: I was just using that as a random example. Most people aren’t nearly as “handy” as you might hope. Most older guys know all sorts of home repair stuff cuz that’s the way they grew up but it’s not the sorta thing most of our generation really has ever dealt with. For better or worse, surely you understand the main point. 
$C: Yes. In Canada and the US we call it a crescent wrench. Much like we all say "get me a bandaid" instead of "get me an adjustable adhesive bandage".
$C: Auckland, Los Angeles' baby brother
$C: Or Chicago, New York, etc. It's a shitstorm everywhere friends!
$C: LA is either ghetto as fuck or solidly upper middle class with minimum household income of 100k after taxes. 
$C: That and headlight fluid. That shit always needs topping off. Plus, no matter how many stores I go to, it's always sold out! 
$C: I had the opposite experience. All of that hit me as a kid so my grades and life path suffered. 
$C: That sucks. You did a really great job and you deserve to be proud of yourself. Other people will acknowledge your achievements, even if your parents haven’t done a good job of expressing it. Congratulations on all your hard work :)
$C: As someone whose parents did similar shit to them, I just want you to know that I’m proud of you and of all of your hard work. 

I can’t buy you a car or pay for your education but if you ever want to rant or brag, my inbox is open. 
$C: Sounds like they did some reverse psychology on you.
$C: /r/MadeMeSmile  
$C: Brother guy this.
$C: Yung sith retard
$C: Yugioh
$C: *Ph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn.*
$C: mahna mahna doo doooo dododoooo
$C: That bassline though
$C: We got him. Bake him away, toys.
$C: That sounds fairly likely actually. I've almost done that a few times.
$C: Yeah, my guess it's a nickname.  And the picture in my head was [this guy](http://gph.is/RZKzbT).
$C: I know you're not implying there's a single capitol letter in that paragraph. I just know you're not.
$C: And my axe! 
$C: not even in the least, you know what my secret is? i didnt do anything wrong, mental illnesses are not brought on by some mystical board, people are born with them. sorry you dont understand that the funny part here is her mom and her family blaming my sister and a board 

$C: I’m sad you’re getting downvoted. There are some fucking morons in this thread with no empathy. 
$C: Sick meme
$C: fuuuuuuuuuuck no. i was friends with her lil brother (they lived in our neighborhood) and we talked about it a few times, long story short, He seemed to feel his mom was fishing for an excuse or someone to blame. 
$C: whats laughable is the amount of SJWs show up on a post on r/funny. get over yourselves and have a laugh its good for ya. 
$C: Jesus Christ, are we expected to go around walking on egg shells all the time? OP played a silly prank, he should never feel bad for that. It's not at all his fault this girl had a mental deficiency of some kind.
$C: This assumption takes into account both an assumed severity of the girl’s behavioral change and an utter lack at receiving help, treatment, or diagnosis for it. 

Going simply by the lack of info OP provided (essentially just that they laughed off an unjust claim) the girl’s situation was either not severe, or the parents of said girl never sought a mental health professional who would have clearly counseled them on why the girl’s condition suddenly began presenting. 

This is all a ridiculous amount of mental gymnastics to go through simply to dump your own knee jerk reaction to OPs comment out into the public sphere. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: i was friends with her lil brother (they lived in our neighborhood) and we talked about it a few times, long story short, He seemed to feel his mom was fishing for an excuse or someone to blame. but my dad and i never told the mom thats a whole other lvl of crazy 
$C: Way better idea. I think I'll try that instead. Thanks for the tip!
$C: well holy shit
$C: 

I definitely say ‘a ouija’ board. I suppose we consider the initial phoneme a consonant sound, but isn’t that arbitrary? I suppose schwa + oo + ee rolls off the tongue.
$C: Ayyy weejee bord
$C: the breakers also screwed up the live web cams he had set up watching the Ouija board party .. 
$C: I was kidding.
$C: There's a difference between fear and respect though. Big difference. Complacency does kill, but so does fear.
$C: Have you even touched a breaker before? You're an absolute fucking Retard.

I'm a qualified electrician. You do not operate circuit breakers under load. 
$C: Goodbye 
$C: Are you thinking Voodoo? Hoodoos are weird rock/sediment formations. 
$C: He was being satirical
$C: I mean, they don't *literally* hold it. They don't even have hands 
$C: Huh. Neat.
$C: If the light bulb is a big inductive load, then maaaaaaaaaaaybe it would blow. But I don't think that kind of thing is in your house.

I would probably avoid doing that to something like a big desk fan though.
$C: lol
$C: Been there. You know what? Fuck reddit. 
$C: Crapuccino?
$C: THEY ALL NEED TP FOR THEIR BUNGHOLES
$C: All of you.  Have a gawd damn upvote.
$C: I call that getting skinny.
$C: As a kid I felt too guilty drowning guests who complained. Instead what I'd do was raise a 1x1 tower as high as the game would allow, add a square of path, a bench and a barbed wire wall surrounding and dump one person at a time up there. Watching them go from angry to furious and then finally to exhausted and crushed; i would then finally let them go home.
$C: I used to put 'Do not Enter' signs up in front of the park exits to start... Then slowly start killing them off.
$C: -AceHarding has drown-
$C: My favorite torture method was to build an island, have a ride exit onto it so that there was no escape then put drink and food stands with the prices as low as they would go and bathrooms that charged the maximum price. 
$C: Meh, I give it a B+ at best he forgot the word "to". 
$C: NANI?
$C: The water park and zoo expansions were the shit. Base game isn't as good as RCT2, but that water park expansion is my shit. From a design stand point it's incredible, you can create a mini Disney World super park. Or an Islands of Adventure type deal with a few distinct styles in one giant ass park. 

Gameplay wise it struggles to keep up with your grand ideals, but it still "works" if you game a few of the systems to stay in the black. 
$C: Ahhh ok, I'm not sure what I did then. 

I could be a pirate.
$C: You won't regret it!
$C: It’s Civ IV. We were both wrong,  but averaged a correct answer. 
$C: I totally agree, spore has a nice theme. 

How about Skyrim Elder Scrolls though. The beginning of that song got my hype juices flowing. 
$C: Man, Spore was so weird.
$C: TBF, that is fairly close to real world design and public input. People hate everything, even if it is great
$C: There are reasons for that. If you go on a coaster, and get whiplash on every turn, you're not gonna have a good time. You have to put brakes before sudden turns etc. There are tons of metrics in-game to help you.
$C: what's wrong with Chieffff Beeeeef?
$C: Awesome, that's a good starting point! Will definitely check it out then
$C: > as in feature complete from the originals

It already is, and it always was. OpenRCT2 used to call into the original code for anything that wasn't implemented, so right from the very first version it had all the functionality of the original.

But now, all of the original code has been reimplemented. The only reason the original game is still required is for the assets.
$C: Sure [“Citizen”](https://giphy.com/gifs/slow-clap-citizen-kane-GQnsaAWZ8ty00)
$C: Same with relay.
$C: Now for Reddit is just terrible.
$C: Boost shows the file type in the [top right corner of the image](https://i.imgur.com/IrrEW5W.png)
$C: r/hmmm
$C: Or it's because his app treats gifs as videos.

At the very least he's got it backwards.
$C: Been using BaconReader for almost 5 years... It's hard to switch
$C: I had redditisfun before. I found it lacking. I like baconreader a lot, until this.
$C: Maybe I give a try to redditisfun. Baconreader sometimes fails to open Twitter tweets also. Just gives error so you have to refresh it couple of times.
$C: You misspelled alien blue
$C: Curious, what made you ask that? 
$C: Oh god! I'm so sorry..
$C: That's way over complicated. Just click the link and when it opens the internal browser, tap the menu button and tap "open in browser" and viola!

You're welcome.
$C: *excuse me*
$C: Yeah I’m an idiot sometimes sorry.
$C: There's vomit on his fur already
$C: Waluigi
$C: Wouija
$C: MOMMA LUIGI
$C: I
$C: Then like 'No'
$C: Like...whoa!
$C: Oh, he sure does *love* lamp my friend. 
$C: Im one with the lamp, the lamp is with me
$C: YOU DARE BRING LIGHT INTO MY LAIR?!
$C: ::begins to cry:: I love lamp
$C: I lava lamp
$C: Imma fuck lamp
$C: Where did you get a hand grenade?
$C: I killed a man with a trident
$C: I am lamp.
$C: don't.
$C: So... fuck it?
$C: Chant for their Sports Team, which is the [Crimson Tide](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roll_Tide)
$C: yes. where your family tree is more like a wreath...
$C: "Ni-k-k-k-"?
$C: Plot twist: OP is Ed Bundy.
$C: At first I thought it was "Oh, these 2 really do love each other"

then I it was "Oops, she was just horny and a pedo"
$C: The guy who owned my house was an amateur electrician. There are outlets everywhere! We renovated a little bit before moving in and the constructor who did the work for us had just gotten a new gizmo to measure or check for something electric and they decided to try out at our place. Turned out the house wasn’t grounded. We’re at 230V. I can’t believe no one died!
$C: Is there a subbreddit for stuff like you described?
$C: Sounds like he was growing pot... lol check for mold in the closeted areas or wherever there was the extra lighting.
$C: Finally! a house to display my milling machine collection!
$C: Why would you need that, though? Literally the only time I needed something like that was bedbug heaters. So, hopefully, never again. In case you're wondering, it cost almost 2k to get rid of them, and I still have the scars from when they were here. Evil vicious little things, and practically unkillable.
$C: "So what if I wanna do some welding in my bedroom, huh!?"
$C: >Think of all the ~~applications~~ appliances!!


$C: Fooking hair dryer turns off the Xbox, and it's being ran on a bathroom plug with its own fuse button. Wtf. You'd think it'd trip just that push button fuse and not the breaker in the box.
$C: [deleted]
$C: If you're in the US and have an electric dryer, I'd have that checked by an electrician. An electric dryer should never share a circuit because of the load. 

If you have a gas dryer and it's just a 120V outlet running the motor, an electrician still might be able to split the circuit for you. 
$C: They wired so many light switches to every plug that I still honestly don't know what goes to what. I think that's why the breakers are different than any sane house I've been in. One room has 5 switches throughout it, one of which either works with another or is a master for another. I've taped most of them in place so things don't accidentally get shut off.
$C: Yeah, but if the (+) connects/cuts off from there, where the heck does the (-) come back/connect?
$C: House wasn't built like that, it's a standard design for the area and friends with the equivalent don't have these issues. There's an add-on to the house and an upgraded kitchen, so I'm guessing an old owner ran his own electrical and decided to do some "upgrades" to the existing circuits. The connections in the attic look correct, so I haven't wanted to mess with it.
$C: There's a sub. Last I looked, it's like a worst-of for the actual DiY sub.
$C: One of the older places I lived in the landlord installed two dedicated circuits that were only wired to single outlets for air conditioners, one in the kitchen and the other in the living room.   
$C: So you should understand, by having a supplemental fuse box in your stairwell, that it's not uncommon to have to have separate dedicated breakers for the outlets or the light fixture in a room.  You can even have a dedicated circuit just for a single appliance like your HVAC or a pool pump.
$C: ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
$C: Goodbye 
$C: !redditbojackhorseman
$C: I meant the first one obviously 
$C: What's a spectral form? Seriously, what's a soul? What's a ghost? What are these things? They're supernatural teachings that stem from institutions designed to teach supernatural things. That's religion. It's fine if you're not religious, I'm not either, but that's the origin of most supernatural beliefs.
$C: Okay but that's kinda funny, although it'd be pretty shitty if it were taken seriously.
$C: And that's all she wrote.
$C: Only with my uncle
$C: I'm down with brown town.
$C: Don't forget funky town
$C: Roll Tide
$C: but don't eat it.
$C: had to scroll back up to make sure someone said it
$C: To chop wood.
$C: I feel like I just ran through the the studio tour ride for Reddit.
$C: I guess you would know.
$C: You got to see cars? Look at this guy living in the rich part of town.
$C: A newish "game" called VRChat where people put on their headset and then interact with each other in a VR chat room. There's a series of videos where a crew of friends basically go around the chat room as tiny Knuckles avatars using Ugandan accents asking people if "They know de way".  As a group, they spit on "non-believers" and cluck their tongues in approval of people who are.

Google "Uganda Knuckles VRChat" for videos.
$C: His only enemy is the chance of tasting another guy's come while eating. He don't give a shit.
$C: Metalocalypse :'(
$C: Worst season. 

That happens when studio is forced to hire more female writers to make studio "gender balanced". 
$C: I prefer silk myself. Easier to pull arrowheads out.
$C: Satin and his rouge angles?
$C: Slightly related. If I ever open a fabric store, I'm sure as hell gonna name it "Hail Satin"
$C: I'll never be good, and that's ok.
$C: Well believing in an invisible man in the sky is wrong.

I'm just pointing out that your stance isn't the only one. There's no one that's more or less wrong. You're all wrong equally.
$C: OK.
$C: Shh just take the congrats I guess 
$C: I'm cumming
$C: "Mom said so. Now be a good little bitch for Mom you whipped piece of shit."
$C: And then you beat him with jumper cables?
$C: [deleted]
$C: who calls those crescent wrenches?  its not like crescent is a synonymous brand.  adjustable wrench or spanner, perhaps.
$C: What the hell is a crescent wrench? That's a "knuckle buster"!
$C: I'm the last guy anyone would ever call handy. I barely know how to use tools and sometimes feel shitty about it.

But thankfully, Youtube exists. I've fixed some leaky sinks and replaced some switches in my house thanks to Youtube, but I can't do a reno on my kitchen or bathroom.

Made me feel like a God the first time I did some wiring repairs.
$C: you mean a plaster.
$C: Must depend on where in the US. I no nobody that calls it crescent wrench in Northern Jersey
$C: Hello from Boston! 
$C: It beats having to take exhaust samples because the muffler bearing keeps going out.
$C: Oh I had it as a kid too,  but for whatever reason  I managed to keep pushing my good grades. I guess I was just hoping they would give me some encouragement or something. If they think for a minute that I'm going to take care of them when they are old and unable... well, they can go to the two kids they actually gave a shit about.
$C: Guy brother this. 
$C: That's my rap name.
$C: Nope, it's[ this guy](https://rockloveaustin.files.wordpress.com/2014/01/big-1988-04-g.jpg): 
$C: >"Don't do it, Big", my friends mom told me. "It's button six." She added.


........


$C: Who said I couldn't understand that? Not to mention everyone has a breaking point. Sounds like anything could have taken her over and it was you. Don't care, it's your life, except that your retort comes off as if you know you should care. You probably do. You think about it at night...and sometimes at lunch...and you feel bad....and you look out for the karma each day. It eats at you 😬
$C: Thank you. Reddit is an interesting place. 
$C: You don't know what a meme is
$C: Least you can do is tell the truth. It's not like they can hold you legally accountable for someone's mental disorder which was bound to be revealed eventually. The fact that you lack empathy in all this is pretty disturbing. You're not to be blamed for someone's mental disorder, but you are at fault for not telling anyone what really happened. People with empathy would know better and it would be on their mind until they revealed the truth. You're not much different than her, honestly. So I'm not really sure what's so funny.
$C: I didn't reply to the original post, fuck it, if he thinks it's funny who cares. It's just the reply seemed really off to me and I considered it would be OK to share my opinion on a *discussion* board on the internet. Lol I'm getting way too invested in this. 
$C: Of course it's not his fault that this woman developed a psychiatric illness. It is his fault that he thinks it's so funny that he's bragging on the internet about it happening, and how he and his father have been laughing about it for twenty years. That's just absolutely bizarre.

I'm not making the point that it's his fault that this happened, or even that he should feel bad that it happened. These things happen, and while they're sad and tragic events, we shouldn't really blame ourselves for the circumstances of other people's lives.

I just think it's tasteless at best to actively *take pleasure in* and *find amusement* in *permanently debilitating conditions that cause a literal lifetime of torment and suffering.* That's just me, though.
$C: I didn't make my original post until after seeing multiple of his.

She's severely mentally ill, as likely is her mother.

There's no mental gymnastics going on here, just a clear lack of empathy on that guy's part. Dunno what to say, brother.
$C: His entire comment chain screams insecurity and edginess. I had a lot of friends like that in high school, people who would laugh at things that were pretty inappropriate to laugh at. People who would try to be as politically incorrect as possible for the sake of being shocking or offensive.

Some people grow out of it, seems he didn't.
$C: Good move not saying anything.

Sad though that girl talking to her locker wasn't lighthearted hijinks. 
$C: Time to break all the keyboards
$C: I wasn't.  You think this is some kind joke?


That light funny?  
$C: [deleted]
$C: They may be that as well. Hoodoo is what witchcraft is called in West Africa, voodoo is etymologically rooted in the same word, but changed in the Americas to voodoo or voodoun. But really I just said it because I wanted someone to respond with "You do?" a la a Bowie song from Labyrinth.
$C: Really pushed the boundaries on how to create human suffering. One time so got tired of my coasters breaking down and all my guests complaining all the time so I just made a giant pit, filled it with water, and slowly started piling in the guests. I closed off the pathway and made a little fence to let the arriving guests see everything. 

Hell why has nobody made a “inferno” tycoon where you make the best version of hell possible? 
$C: Username checks out.
$C: Wow, that's so genius and evil, haha. "The bathrooms are too expensive!" Yes, they are. Too bad you're not programmed to pee in a bush.
$C: too* intense
$C: Corrected. In my defense I was nauseated at the time.
$C: Just the way I like it. Anyway, yeah, fuckin awesome song! 
$C: No no no....   brakes in coasters are (generally) bad.

You've got to design the coaster so that they're going the right speed at the right time.  It's very tempting to make the lift hill too big, but most of the time it doesn't need to be as high as you think.

I use block brakes, especially on bigger coasters, but that's only so that you can run multiple trains and earn more profits.
$C: Cool! Is there a plan to do newgrf stuff like in OpenTTD to replace the reliance on the original game, or is that likely to always be a part for the forseeable future?
$C: Quite put there fellow commentor. Your dialectic sarcasm always brings the pleasure center of my brain to a climax when I read your textual proclivities. ‘‘Tis a good thing *tips fedora
$C: +1 for relay. 
$C: How quickly the discussion turned around to reddit apps!
$C: It had sound for me, but others don't. It seems pretty random, to be honest.
$C: It's so clean...i don't want to switch
$C: Try Joey 
$C: Seconding Relay. Very good app, have used it for years.
$C: Have you given Relay a try? It's one of the better ones I've used, I like it a lot. 
$C: Give Narwhal a try. It even actually has some functionality that reddit proper doesn't.
$C: What did you find it to be lacking?
$C: Just made the switch from Baconreader to Reddit is Fun.

RiF is way better, but twitter still does this.
$C: Pronouncing/spelling "as well" in one word like that is something I've only heard/read from non-US English speakers (specifically Aus), so I was curious if that was why it was spelled like that. 

It's usually paired with more emphasis on "as" rather than "well", like I would expect in the US
$C: What’s special about the other ones? I too am just using the default reddit app
$C: As it's a Reddit link, and BaconReader is my default browser for links to Reddit, it creates an infinite loop of opening within BaconReader.  This is precisely WHY I am not using the open in browser option to view it.

This is the most common behavior given the defaults with BaconReader.  I could remove it as a default app, but then it wouldn't automatically open links to Reddit in BaconReader.
$C: Dog spaghetti 
$C: robert loggia
$C: Just natural progression of all language
$C: Thanks green Mario! 
$C: G
$C: THAT'S NOT HOW THE LAMP WORKS!
$C: He don’t want no child molesters around while he serial killin! Ruins the vibe.
$C: Just purchased a house september last year. The guy before me did electricity with extensions in the walls and some 110v wires were passing out of the walls through closets. Also half the outlets in the house were not properly grounded. No outlets in the bathrooms.

Lucky me, we stripped the entire basement so me and my electrician friend redid pretty much all the house electricity.
$C: Where in the world? Might not be as unusual as you'd think
$C: Maybe /r/osha or /r/diwhy.
$C: Plenty of closets have lights in them. The two closets in my apartment bedroom are only about two feet deep, but they have lights.
$C: I think you need three phase for that though... (i mean, idk what kinda machines you have, but...)
$C: In case you have 10 drill presses so that you don't have to change bits as often.
$C: [deleted]
$C: In my old apartment, the two bathrooms push buttons were for each other's. Like one day my roommate with the master bath tripped his, and had to be reset from the buttons in the other bathroom across the apartment.

Then my bedroom was on the same fuse as the kitchen. One day we had some more friends over and had virtually every kitchen appliance running while I was on my PC. Suddenly power gone from my room.
$C: A fuse or circuit breaker can only measure the current passing through it. As long as the hair dryer itself doesn't have a short, the fuse on the plug will never trip, because it's not using more than the rating. 

The fuse/breaker in the box, on the other hand, sees all of the current use on the entire circuit. That's why it trips for multiple appliance use. 
$C: Many years ago I volunteered with a church that did a few stage events with big lights. Their setup was pretty decent, several three-phase sockets under the stage for lights. It was great, except for one wall-socket in the kitchen that, if someone happened to plug in a coffee maker at the right time (which was pretty commonly right near the end, so that people could get coffee and other refreshments and mingle afterwards), it would trip the same breaker as one of the phases for at least one of the three-phase sockets, and we'd lose a bunch of lights.

The "simple fix" for that was to tape over that socket in the kitchen for the duration of the event, and make sure whoever was taking responsibility for the kitchen knew why it was there.

One of the last times I helped out, we blew one of the main fuses into the building. That was fun -- and glad it wasn't my responsibility to figure out why, or fix it.
$C: I thought the AC had to be its own dedicated line? I mean, not that *anything* we've been discussing runs to code, but seriously everyone should know that one.
$C: I've got a few of those, but the thing that gets me the most are the three mystery switches that don't do anything. 
$C: That box hasn’t been used since the breaker system was updated (however long ago that was). This particular box serves exactly zero purpose in my current home beyond the cosmetic appeal of having an example of vintage wiring methods. [This is where all the power in my home is directed to.](https://m.imgur.com/a/nXjp3)
$C: !redditorange
$C: Agreed lol, it's like telling someone that microwaving their phone will charge it. If they're stupid enough to go do it is it really your fault? 
$C: -- Angela Glandsbury
$C: What
$C: Can confirm.
$C: But who was phone?
$C: i bet you chop wood
$C: Worst season out of 3 total seasons? 🤔
$C: You’re the kind of Rick & Morty fan that makes the entire fandom look like shit.
$C: Christians do not believe in an "invisible man in the sky." That would be like me saying atheists believe in a magical quantum vacuum that randomly happened to create and assort the universe to form everyone and everything we see. No one knows why we are here and what caused everything to exist, or *why* anything exists. One guess is as good as any, and an omniscient entity is certainly not outside the realm of possibilities.

Saying we're "all wrong equally" is simply ignorant. Do you really put creationists on the same plane as Christians who believe in evolution?
$C: Will do
$C: *"Fuck this,* RACHEL, MAKE THE KID A DAMN SANDWITCH"
$C: I’ll pay $200 not to spin that particular wheel.
$C: what if you're just not grounded.  like a bird sitting on a power line?
$C: Most in he US that I’ve come across. Similar to how we say “bandaid” instead of “adjustable adhesive strip”. Or we still call it a “coke” even if it’s the off brand. Or how just everyone says “Kleenex” instead of “nasal tissue paper.” Or we use “windex” instead of “ammonia based glass cleaner” even with the generic bottles. Or “I’ll fix this pipe with Draino” even if you’re using one of the billion other brands.

While yeah there’s more technical terms there’s just certain items that the brand is so synonymous with the product that’s just what it’s called to most people. Just a cultural thing in the states I guess. 
$C: Or a nut fucker.
$C: Awesome! See you’re still handy, I’ve saved tens of thousands of dollars over the years by using YouTube and the free help people provide there. I use it when selecting where to go on vacation, what kinda camera to get, you name it. Fantastic source!
$C: Shit... not the paragraph i thought we were referring to. You got me.
$C: Username. Checks. Out. 
$C: You're an asshole lol. OP did nothing wrong, stop trying to guilt-trip him.
$C: I tend not to hang out with people who can't take a joke. It's not something you just grow out of. If anything, the older you get, the less you like walking on eggshells all the time.
$C: Nope, same goes for a lot of people. It's kinda like with folks at r/imgoingtohellforthis, they're not *bad* people because they enjoy the humor. Hell, I wouldn't be surprised if half the people posting there had had themselves some dramatic experience or are actively donating to a certain charity. Humor isn't always meant to ridicule. Finding humor in situations like this is one thing. But actively and publicly justifying your lack of empathy is another.

OP clearly suffers from lack of empathy to a certain extent. But I hope more people realize it doesn't make you a bad person. Are sociopaths considered bad people? Of course not. But again, trying to justify and exclude yourself from any blame in this behavior, well let's just say it's not healthy. 
$C: I’m sorry you’re getting downvoted. This guy and a surprising amount of others in this thread have a worrying lack of empathy. 
$C: Some people also grow out of taking offence at every little thing, and some don't.

Some people also eventually move out of their glass houses.
$C: It must *really* suck to always be so uptight and thin-skinned.
$C: at first i think my sister thought she was fucking with her (she was always kinda outcasted) but shit happens, but i didnt say anything for 2 real reasons, 

1 her mom is crazy

2 her mom had made all their money from lawsuits  towards all her ex husbands, even at a young age i saw the red flags
$C: Enjoy having less fingers on one hand. 
$C: Lol, aw sorry I ruined your set-up! I didn't know Hoodoo was also a form of witchcraft, I just know the word as those weird sediment pillars you get in badlands or mountainous areas. 
$C: > Hell why has nobody made a “inferno” tycoon where you make the best version of hell possible? 


Technically we’re all doing that anyway.
$C: Dungeon Keeper and Afterlife are sort of in that vein.
$C: >Hell why has nobody made a “inferno” tycoon where you make the best version of hell possible?

Because that's real life.
$C: My favorite is the old half completemed coaster of death
$C: My son used Minecraft to create a purgatory. People would fall into a trap designed to keep them moving so no teleportation and he would throw them food every now and then to keep them alive. Then they would have to send him money to get out of his trap. Perhaps not moral but very enterprising.
$C: i was about to ask that question. the closest thing i can think of is dungeon keeper 2. 
$C: > Hell why has nobody made a “inferno” tycoon where you make the best version of hell possible? 

Feature request: Add VIPs (? whatever the name is) like Hitler and Stalin
$C: The OpenRCT2 development team doesn't plan to do graphics themselves, but anyone else can. Someone started on it but didn't get very far.

It's a large task as there are several hundred thousand sprites in g1.dat alone, and probably a similar amount in object files.

I have a program to render track sprites and another one that renders terrain sprites, and with this I could probably replace about half the base graphics, but so far, I have only used it to render new track types.
$C: Relay is best
$C: I'm a big fan of Relay. I like the way it functions, especially its filters. 
$C: I used Relay for a looooong time before I found Joey.
$C: Have you tried reddit is fun? I like it a lot.
$C: On that note I really enjoyed Slide (on fdroid too!!) but every so often their gif converter would just fail.


Reddit is fun just works. 👌
$C: And anyway most reddit apps have modes/switches built in where you can get more comfy easily if you move from other apps.
$C: RiF doesn't let you load the context of comments in your inbox, which I see as a huge drawback. Still, it's the most stable reddit app I've tried. 
$C: They’re all special in their own ways and the official app just... isn’t.
$C: It's the same way I have mine set up. It works fine for me. It looks like 
[this](https://imgur.com/baoOVEF).

My default internet browser pops up and then defualts back to bacon reader. No infinite loop for me.
$C: I
$C: [deleted]
$C: Sweden. Houses are supposed to be grounded and I’m not sure it’s entirely legal to mess too much with the electrics unless you are licensed. The previous owner was a Greek doctor. Smart but way too overconfident in his electrician skills (there are other problems with the electricity that make me say that) and probably unaware of how things are supposed to be done here.
$C: No worry then, every house in the modern world™ has three phase.

In a usual German house of the 2000s, for example, the stove would be on 380V/24A and the entire house on 380V/63A or more (triphase, of course). Normal appliances would be on 230V/16A wall sockets, single-phase.
$C: they make single phase, im around one every day actually
$C: Or just 1 drill press but you can't decide which room it goes best in.
$C: I think I understand this reference.
$C: GFCI's don't trip on straight current draw though, it compares the current leaving the outlet with the current returning to the outlet. When those differ it trips the breaker because it means the current is taking a different path than intended and potentially electrocuting someone.
$C: Breaker #23 is a great example of dedicated fuses/breakers, FYI. Unless of course that breaker turns off the power to the entire room that your furnace is, and if it does then you hired a stupid electrician.
$C: The difference being microwaving your phone affects only you. Causing a house fire could kill hundreds (if you lived in a tower block).
$C: Incest she wrote
$C: -Michael Scott 
$C: Murder, that's all she wrote.
$C: A sleepy retirement town of about 1500 people, and someone getting murdered once a week. Towns run by cartels aren't even that dangerous.
$C: #AND THAT'S ALL SHE WROTE.
$C: Someone is not up to date on their Guy Fieri memes. 
$C: Roll tide
$C: Yes.

IMHO (and sorry for my shit english)
Like, how many s3 episodes you remember? I member only 2 - about alien spa and citadel. Other episodes are relationship and family bullshit, RaM was never about that.

But i guess people just like retarded pickle Rick episodes with storyproof vest, Minecraft and Obama beat'em'up LUL

$C: Same as RaM shills that will downvote anyone who says that s3 is not that good. 
$C: Atheists aren't required to believe in anything. Christians by definition believe Jesus was the son of an invisible man in the sky. I was raised Catholic so I know how many different levels of Christianity there are but yes, they're all wrong because they start with a belief in something that isn't real. Everything after that doesn't really matter in the hands scheme of things.
$C: #"MAKE HIM THE FUCKING SANDWHICH CARL OR I WILL EMPTY YOUR SKULL OUT ON THE FLOOR WITH MY FUCKING HIGH HEELS!!"
$C: I will happily accept your 200 dollars for 10 minutes of work. 
$C: That's a big bet your taking there.  Are you sure your shoes are rated for that voltage, and are perfectly dry?  That about the moisture content in the room or of the floor?

Also, the neutral is right there in the box.  There's a real danger of bridging the two together.

Some houses have an external disconnect.  If yours does turn that off, and find a lock to keep it off.  Also, buy and use a no contact tester, just in case.

PS:. Some line guys do get on the big cables like birds.  Don't try to imitate them.
$C: FYI, there are also a lot of people in the US who call it an adjustable wrench
$C: Did you "Google" any of those examples?
$C: Or vaseline instead of petroleum jelly haha
$C: Lol np homie
$C: Jerks everywhere. Whatever. 
$C: That is a completely valid point, you hang out with people you feel comfortable with, have common interests and etc. It's just that the point ~~you~~ u/wellplayedsir032 made that people who disagree with him on this topic are "unworthy" or "not cool enough" to be invited to a bar (have an active social life ie) is a bit childish imo. 
$C: What I gleamed from OP wasnt that he was laughing at the girl, but rather at her mother, for having thought that his sister was the one to have made her daughter ill. I would argue that there is quite a difference there. 
$C: I agree absolutely. Personally I don't ever really think anything is "off limits" in terms of humor, it's more about the spirit of what's being conveyed. Even then, I wouldn't even go so far as to say someone is a bad person just because they have some ideas or lines of thinking I personally think are individually bad - I usually reserve calling someone a bad person to really malicious people, or maybe people who are recklessly selfish at the expense of others to a *ridiculous* degree.

Your sociopath example was actually quite a good one. There are sociopaths out there who ruthlessly use and exploit other people for their own good and are as bad as they come, but on the other hand, there are also sociopaths out there who recognize the nature of their condition, and work really hard to behave a way not necessarily in line with their nature because they know that it's "right." I think those people are inspirational. It's one of the hardest things in the world to be better than your own biology.
$C: Thank you for saying that.

I hope it just has to do with the way I was super abrasive in my first comment, kind of putting people on edge. I probably could've more effectively conveyed my point so other people would be more willing to engage with my line of thought, I just wasn't in that mindset when I made my glib little tongue-in-cheek quip, haha.
$C: There's a pretty stark difference between being offended and being disgusted.
$C: Well, ouija board lawsuit would've been the shit but good call. 

And 'all' of her exs'...?
$C: [deleted]
$C: Ha, no worries, it was clearly not working anyway!
$C: I want to get off Mr bones wild ride
$C: *true*
$C: https://imgur.com/rnmMer4
$C: ~~r/sadbutfunny~~ r/funnyandsad
$C: RCT3 where you could fly it into a crowded walkway 👌🏽
$C: Absolutely, it was the one thing that OpenTTD didn't add for an age because it's an enormous project, just wasn't sure if this was on the plan or not.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Hmm that's odd. I can totally load context on comments on Reddit is fun.
$C: Can you be more specific? I've heard a lot of hate for the official app, but I personally don't see anything wrong with it. Am I missing something?
$C: They are all special in their own ways and the official app.... is the "belongs on the short bus" special
$C: Works for me and I have almost no issues with it. 
$C: GOODBYE
$C: Goodbye.
$C: Goodbye.
$C: T
$C: Board
$C: WHY ARE WE SHOUTING
$C: I'm Thomas Addison.
$C: Sure. Supposed to.
Though Sweden should be grounded through the main intake I believe.

Unlike norsk where most houses are locally grounded so ground can differ through the house and isn't an steady 0.
$C: You realize, you've just made every US hobby machinist, woodworker, and garage monkey envious. Our electrical grid is just not set up that way and entire neighborhoods are split off into single phase. To get 3 phase to your shop usually is prohibitively expensive, and to still use industrial machinery, we've had to use some oddball solutions. Thankfully, we have VFD's now, so for an extra hundred or so, pretty much anything can run off single phase. 
$C: Or 1 drill press, 1 table saw, 1 mitre saw, 1 lathe and 1 planer that you need to run all at once, that may still flip the main breaker if you turn them all on at once though 
$C: Really because I don't. I thought I was just making a joke about needing multiple expensive things for a minor convenience.
$C: Really? You’re comparing your furnace to a god damn desk lamp? Of course it’s going to be treated differently than bedroom-oriented circuitry. 
$C: What
$C: That’s not why people are downvoting you...
$C: >Jesus was the son of an invisible man in the sky.

False. Any religion that states God is a man is not Christianity. The Christian god is omniscient and is not man or mortal. Jesus is the son of God in the body of man. Combine this with the Holy Spirit, and you have the Trinity, a core aspect of Christianity.
$C: Best. Reddit. Ever.
$C: Me too. Even if it's a rats nest in there replacing a breaker is easy and no we won't be rearranging it unless we get another $300. 
$C: Are you a licensed electrician?
$C: When I get on Alta Vista, I don't call it Googling. I call it a cry for help. 
$C: I didn't make that point. 

It's not about being "cool enough" to go to the bar. You said that. 

It's about not wanting to go to the bar with someone because they make it uncomfortable.
$C: what i ment is sticks in the mud get left behind, sour apples dont get picked, w/e the fuck u wanna call it. whiney bitches dont get invited out
$C: >Personally I don't ever really think anything is "off limits" in terms of humor

Obviously you do.
$C: the oldest sibling is the one who lost it, then there were 2 more, then there was the youngest who was my age, all 4 kids had 4 different daddies all born with 6 years of each other, she was always looking for a fight with any neighbor over anything, she had an awesome rack tho...
$C: Irony.
$C: Well, you've got the song stuck in my head now, so that's gotta be worth something! 
$C: you could in 1 as well
$C: Relay lacks a lot of functionality when it comes to the sidebar, managing multireddits, searching within multireddits only, and the way images appear in the main list. It can't do a lot of things the website can do, and Joey fixes that.

Also, if theming is something you care about, every tiny detail in the UI can be altered in Joey whereas Relay lets you pick from a few options.
$C: I see now that it's the button all the way over on the left. This has frustrated me for years. lol
$C: Over-cluttered, no dark mode (that I saw), some features seemed to be missing, no special editing in comments, some formats are wonky or not supported.
It was on par with most of what I had tried besides Alien Blue, which I loved.... but then.....

Apollo came out (!) and.... I can scrub and frame-by-frame gifs just by sliding my finger!!!!
It’s not overrated. Apollo is the greatest. 
$C: Okay you people say that, so which app should I be using other than the default Reddit app since seems to be the bad child
$C: ALL POLITE CAPS
$C: **I DON'T KNOW**
$C: I’m not sure how it works. Nothing in the house was grounded though. He may have somehow disconnected it. They fixed it and then 2 appliances started short circuiting... 
$C: This is the real reason drill presses have the giant handles on the crank, so you can turn it with your foot while you are leaning over with one hand on the saw and the other holding a chisel to a lathe.
$C: There was a guy who posted his dad's garage of tools to /r/oddlysatisfying a couple weeks ago. Guy has like 7 manual drills among other duplicate tools. One of the thoughts on why was to not have to change the bits.
$C: It's just different applications of the same theory.  You can have the outlets of a room on one breaker and the light fixture of a room on another breaker.  Most homes only use half of their panel box anyway, so why the fuck not?

What's becoming even more popular with home theaters is to have the lighting and auto-shades on one breaker, a "master outlet" on one breaker for all the display, speakers, audio, video, computer, etc., and then yet another outlet on a breaker for the recliners.

For a simple bedroom, sure, have everything on one breaker, but the more complex our appliances and electronics get, the more specialized our breaker boxes become.
$C: That's gangster. 
$C: And scene
$C: Good job you soiled le reddit
$C: This is why I love this site. 
$C: I am! But between you and me, anyone who can follow a set of instructions from Ikea can learn how to change out a breaker. I'm more than happy to take someone's money, and there are all kinds of things you as a home owner should call a professional for, but some things are much less complicated than they look. 
$C: Yeah sorry dude, mixed you guys up. 
$C: I don't think you "can't" joke about mental illness - in fact, Doug Stanhope made a number of absolutely moving jokes about mental illness - both making fun of the way it manifests in certain individuals, to the way that it's looked at and handled in America, and I laughed at every single joke. It's because of what he was conveying when he made the jokes - he's incredibly empathetic toward mental illness and mentally ill people (his partner is *severely* mentally ill) and the jokes he made were meant to both inform people about what something most people don't really understand is *really* like, as well as sort of starting up a conversation about something many people are uncomfortable talking about.

Just because there's nothing that you "can't joke about" doesn't mean every joke is good, or that every single *thing* in the world should be laughed about, not that I necessarily think a talented person couldn't find a way to make the situation at the top of the comment chain actually funny. It's just, in order to do so, they'd have to be a fundamentally different spirited person.

*edit*

The special Stanhope talks about mental illness in is "No Place Like Home", for anybody unfamiliar with his work and curious. I recommend it, quite a lot of laughs.
$C: Lol
$C: [deleted]
$C: Well, I'm glad I can make your life one complaint less than it was yesterday. 
$C: I found the dark mode just now by taking a second to look in the settings. I’m sure there’s reasons to switch for people who spend more time on here, but for casual browsing the app has worked fine for me so far
$C: RiF (Reddit is Fun) or Relay for Reddit are the usually the most popular recommendations. My personal recommendation is RiF but try them both for a day and find out which one you prefer.
$C: Popular Reddit apps are usually one of these: sync for Reddit, slide for Reddit, relay for Reddit, Reddit is fun, Joey for Reddit, boost for reddit.

I've used them all and they're all good, but I prefer sync.
$C: Thank you, TV's Michael Gray.
$C: It's interesting bc all my friends have the same humor as me, and my humor is that of Reddit's, so ik that we'd all be friends in real life.

Edit: I'm high
$C: It shows.
$C: Fewer! No mercy!
$C: Honestly my one complaint with the default app is that I can't look at it in horizontal mode if either one of them can do that I'm sold
$C: [deleted]
$C: Leastest. Fight me.
$C: You haven't refuted anything? Just because you don't understand how a circuit breaker operates doesn't mean you can claim victory and slink away in your ignorance.
$C: [Do what you must. I have already won.](https://m.imgur.com/r/pics/zB4CJXc)
$C: [deleted]
$C: Data sheets don't commonly show hazards. You might know that if you had experience in the field. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: >Operating a breaker under load is a normal operating condition

This is blatantly incorrect. Normal operating condition is Closed. 

Fault position is when the breaker operates and hopefully becomes open circuit. And guess what! normally after a fault they don't work anymore.
