Teachers homework policy

$C: My sixth grade teacher had this same policy.  Plus no homework on the weekends. The last hour every day would be what he call homeroom to finish as much work as possible so you have less homework. And he would help everyone. That was my best year of schooling! I hated homework. Still to this day, when I get home from work I am home and home means it's time to relax. Not think about work. 
$C: All of the elementary schools in my county have gone to this. Best part is, they implemented it the year my son went into middle school. 
$C: Expectation: Eating dinner at the table  
Reality: Fortnite marathons till 1 am
$C: My kids' school is homework-free from Pre-K through high school. The students work hard during the school day and are expected to experience life and be with their family outside of school, much like adults view the work/life balance.

**Holy homework, batman! This blew up! Here's some information on [the Montessori method](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Montessori_education) and [how it's used in modern classrooms](https://amshq.org/Montessori-Education/Introduction-to-Montessori).
$C: Its almost like kids would be motivated to finish their work this way...
$C: I went to a pretty strict private school that from about 6th grade on expected you to do a couple hours of homework a night.

I pretty much did the minimum amount of work possible (thank God) but some kids did above and beyond what was needed.

It's just crazy to think back now and imagine doing a full school day, sports and then two hours of homework.

That's literally like a 12/13 hour day for a CHILD.

Madness
$C: Can you imagine a school year without busy work?

Dear Lord. Kids, I hope you appreciate this.
$C: research shows that ain't nobody got time to be marking homework.
$C: My kids elementary school started this years ago. There was no difference in the students academic performance whatsoever and there was a positive attitude change in the student body which made for a more pleasant and productive classroom. 

Best thing ever. 

$C: Studies have shown that cutting back on the amount of homework sent home and encouraging students to enjoy more free time directly correlates with teachers being able to enjoy more free time not grading homework.
$C: My daughters 6, she was sent home with 3 books to read, a Math book to complete and 160 A4 pages of 'homework' for her holidays.

Edit_

Should add, the A4's are double sided!! 

The books are easy, but long and boring, my daughter reads much harder books, but there is nothing worse then reading a long boring book. I sit and watch her go through 4-5 pretty hard books for her age but can't get through 2 or 3 pages of those school books. Boring books don't encourage reading!!

$C: I knew a big family of homeschooled kids that eventually would go on to attend a regular high school/college and were often ahead of the other kids their age once they started the regular school. 

I remember I asked one of the kids how much homeschooling instruction he had throughout elementary school. He was taught for one hour with his mom and then he had one hour of homework time a day. That was enough to keep him well ahead of his similar aged peers. That really gave me an idea of how efficient our current school system is.
$C: My teacher from a couple years back.

"you wont have any homework other than what you dont finish in class"

\*gives over an hours work and 5 minutes class to do it\*

"it was set as classwork, and you chose not to do it in the set time"

some teachers.......

edit: rule 7
$C: Is there really no correlation to homework and student success? Honest question, because I have found often times doing homework does in fact help me learn the material better.
$C: Don’t know what the problem is, I always did my homework 5 min before class and did great.
$C: Yeah this won't work in Asian households
$C: Kids everywhere have been saying this since FOREVER.
$C: My primary school had no homework. I'm in university now and I feel like I still haven't got the hang of it.

Doing homework may not improve academic performance, but I'm sure it makes students better at doing homework, right?

Edit: a letter
$C: WHERE WAS THIS WHEN I WAS IN SCHOOL!?

I was so bored of homework by age 12 that I just didn't do anymore. I didn't need it. Results weren't pretty.
$C: I work 8 hours. I don’t come home and have 3 hours of homework to do, I check my job at the door, and I’m still mentally exhausted. I can’t imagine putting a child through that. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: I'm a teacher, a high school teacher. I have a love hate relationship with homework. First it's actually a lot of prep work for us. Second it's just one more thing the students have to do and our students are very busy because we are a full IB school. 

I would get rid of homework entirely but I feel our parents would react negatively to it so I've moved to weekly homework to give the students time to do it. I also only give complete/incomplete markings to homework, no grade. The idea is that the students need to do the homework to prepare themselves for success on assessments and to avoid giving too many "buffer grades." This is a principle of IB as well. 

I'm also trying to move most writing to in class instead of at home. It's going to eat into my time for lessons but it's important students learn to write on the spot by hand because they will be expected to do that during IB exams. 
$C: For elementary school, this makes sense for good kids with great parents.

But 90% of parents will probably just stick an iPad in front of their kids and let them eat garbage.
$C: Okay guys, teacher here. Wanna know a secret? We only give homework for the parents. 
$C: Just wait for the administration to step in and force the teacher to give homework. That's what mine did.
$C: Going to go up against popular opinion here, but I'm not so sure that I agree with this. Homework, for me, effectively helped to discipline me in my studies. I may not have wanted to do it, but once I got started it helped reinforce what I learned and helped make material 'stick'. Without some of the "outline this chapter" homework I had in high school (that I was miserable while doing), I would have never been able to learn how to quickly skim an article for important information. Not until well into college at least. Homework was an effective means to train and learn good study habits that I still use today.
$C: As someone with math/stat/science background, the claim that research shows homework has no influence is a bit strange.

All of the people I know with high academic performance have one thing in common, they practice. As in do all the homeworks and then more. Math, as an example, is a skill just like any other. It takes practice and repetition to be good at it. This is why Asian students coming to US doing their bachelors are generally very adapt at math problems - they were forced to do hours upon hours of practice a day during their schooling in China.

How old are the students? 

$C: This has been what I've been doing for my 8th graders for the past few years. Homework is just a way for a school to start an argument between a child and a parent. 
$C: Well, those kids are going to be playing a lot more Fortnite...
$C: I wish I had this. I have flashbacks to elementary school, sitting at the dinner table at 8pm, getting scolded by my parents and being told I couldn't get up from the table to go to bed/sleep/play outside until I finished my homework; specifically math. I used to cry because I didn't understand what I was doing, and neither did my parents, they didn't understand the common-core way of solving equations. I can just imagine all the hours of my childhood I could have had if I wasn't stuck inside doing homework. I was on the Honor Roll list all the way until my first year of high school, after that I was completely burned out. I would take my current work/home life over my past school/home life 110%
$C: I can tell you right now homework had a negative effect on me in school. I would never pay attention in class because I knew I was gonna have to go home and do it all over again. The homework would be graded but generally classwork wouldn't. Kinda like why work 40hrs a week if you're only gonna get paid for 20hrs, essentially.
$C: My exact same homework policy. I teach middle school history. I don’t need my students doing homework for my class. I would rather have them in the classroom so I can work with them through complex ideas and challenge them in the classroom. I tell them that I expect them to work while I have them each day, but homework will not happen. They have been extremely responsive, and worked hard through the first two weeks. Fingers crossed
$C: My  father got a Doctorate in Education and then taught 5th grade after he retired from the tech sector.  He never gave homework.  When the other teachers complained he told them "If you can't teach them what they need to know after having them all day - you can't teach."
$C: 11th year teaching. Made this my policy very early on and NEVER regretted it.  99% of the time homework sours parents and kids on school, drags down grades, and does nothing to improve learning.  (note to math teachers who all seem to disagree with me: practice does help a lot in math, but practice doesn't have to be homework, and most math home I see isn't practice)
$C: Been doing this for years.

My reasearch shows that i dont want to assign and grade homework and thats why it doesnt get assigned. 
$C: Homework is 100%, without a doubt, absolutely the key to success at engineering schools at least.

At my school homework was only worth like 5% of your grade - so you could just not do it if you wanted.  However, time and time again the people that didn't do their homework failed out of the classes (barring the rare savant).

Approach homework as practice, not just busy work - and without practice how can you expect to pass your tests?
$C: I had a geometry class in high school where I correctly answered every single test question on every single test and every extra credit question all semester long.  

I ended with a 106% average.  

The teacher gave me a D because I never completed any homework assignments.  

When I challenged her on this and asked if any other student an any of her sections had even a 100% average she said no but that I had to learn that following the rules was more important than learning.  

That's when I gave up on the American education system.  


$C: That font! My eyes! They are burning!
$C: I love this! The episode of modern family where Claire was adding up the hours and hours of homework that Alex was having to do as an AP student was appallingly accurate.
$C: I don't support giving busywork.  If there is a certain amount of content you need to cover in a year and you don't have enough time for students to do it all in class, then I understand the necessity to get it done outside of school hours.  But expecting them to do something at home "just because" is silly.
$C: I am a 4th grade math and science teacher. I do agree that homework doesn't drastically increase test scores or student learning. I do think that at an early age, students should be practicing math fluency such as addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division facts. They need to have these facts memorized and have the ability to recall the answers. If they do not have that then they will struggle.  I am positive that some students can be successful without the ability to recall these answers but it does in crease the chances that the student will be more successful in the upper grades.
$C: High school student, myself. My classes (primarily advanced, too) have been doing this for years now. Pretty standard, from what I know. As someone who’s usually a pretty fast worker, it’s been a straight-up gift from god for my free time.
$C: Yep this has been happening since my son started first grade. He is in fourth now. Teacher just wants them to read for 30 minutes a night. But stressed I don’t care what they read. A book, a comic, a magazine, story in a video game. Just have them read. Then she sends home practice math sheets that it up to the parents to do with kid. Our option. She won’t collect them or go over them. But if you feel your child needs the extra work there you go. My son loves this policy so do I.
$C: THIS IS SOMETHING ALL PARENTS IN THE UNIVERSE CAN AGREE ON.

$C: I fought for this policy at my last school as a fourth grade teacher. Homework has to be individualized review that students can accomplish independently with teacher feedback and even then, the research still doesn’t point to huge gains for elementary students. [Homework Research ](http://www.ascd.org/publications/educational-leadership/mar07/vol64/num06/The-Case-For-and-Against-Homework.aspx) 

Homework is also a deep divider between kids who have support (parental or otherwise) at home and those who don’t.  Think on this: most kids in poverty have to help their families after school. Sometimes it’s watching their siblings or cooking dinner or even helping bring in money with work. These kids are loaded down with responsibilities. The last thing they need is homework, especially busywork. These are the kids who feel different the second they walk into the middle class norms of American schools and homework only reinforces a sense of failure when they cannot complete it. They may not even have a pencil at home. Very different from the kids who have supportive families who yell at them to come in and do their homework from playing outside and then help complete it with them. See Donna Beegle’s work on poverty for more insight into the culture of poverty. I found it essential reading to myself as an educator and human.

Now reading at home. That will help all kids be successful in school. [NEA Literacy Research](http://www.nea.org/grants/facts-about-childrens-literacy.html) 

$C: Honestly, it just comes down to giving a reasonable amount of homework. I had teachers in high school that would give you time in class to finish the assignment, but if you weren't super quick, you would have to finish it at home. I also had teachers that would give a work that had to be at done at home. Both were reasonable. No homework would not be a good thing if they aren't doing much in class. 
$C: I mean that’s pretty much what I did. I would get the homework assignment in school and start and finish it during class. Boom no homework!
$C: Homework serves no purpose. If you're supposed to be preparing children for adulthood, homework is useless. Most adults leave work and don't have to do anything work related at home at all, and that's considered a good thing for peace of mind and mental health. Who should children have to mentally stay at school 24/??
$C: The proof is out there.
Check where the US ranks in education vs other developed nation's.
As those high ranking Countries prepare their youth for life and success, America prepares their youth for recess and fast food jobs.
It's competition, and the field is the youth of the world.
Want fries with that burger!

$C: "Proven to correlate" is a phrase that pains me, but goodwill to your teacher for changing that policy. Many classes don't benefit from homework.
$C: I have seen this idea first hand with my nephew and nieces. One is in a district that doesn't do homework and the others get homework sheets. Same grade, my brothers raised their kids similarly, the difference in their ability is huge. Especially in math and spelling (basically all they're doing at that age). Poor guy has a really hard time with multiplication tables, while the others blow through them. I really believe that practice with homework sheets is needed. 
$C: Who does she think she is telling me how to raise MY kid.....?       /s
$C: I hated the stress of homework and the fear of being punished the next day. Like sorry for spending my entire day at school and now you won't even let me have a social life? Fucking hell it's like a concerntration camp.
$C: Wow. I would've been a straight A student if this had been the case when I was in school. My teachers just *could not* wrap their head around the idea of doing math in my head, for instance, they wanted all the work shown for all 80 problems on the homework. I got C's b/c I just didn't do it, despite 100% on all the tests.
$C: 12th grade teacher. I do this because I know my seniors have AP classes, work, college applications, babysitting...the list goes on. Why give homework when I can just teach them something and have them do practice questions in class? 

Last year I gave out homework regularly (1x a week) and I only got 30% turned in on time... 
$C: I'm late to this post which means that my comment will probably be buried, but I thought I'd add my thoughts to the whole debate of "not enough college preparation vs. allowing kids to grow outside of school work."  Oh, and I should preface this by saying I'm a math teacher.

I think the implementation of homework should almost be a case-by-case system, which, if implemented correctly, won't be a huge time sink for the teacher.  For example, I don't have homework as part of my students' grades, despite the fact that I provide it nearly everyday.  However, when one of my students is doing poorly and needs to retake a test, I make homework required for them in order to raise their grade.  So at that point, homework is a part of their grade (at least indirectly since it is required to retake a test.)

The point of this type of system is to allow students the chance to manage their own time in the way they think is right.  For example, if John feels really confident in the lesson he just learned, then he may not need to do the homework because he understands it completely.  Sarah, on the other hand, is a bit confused on the lesson.  The homework is there so that Sarah can go home and do some practice problems and get caught up again before the next day.  

This opportunity for students to do homework, however, is taken away when they show that they cannot manage their own learning.  It forces them to work outside of class because they did not get the help they needed. Anyways, I really like this policy since it's a fine balance.

TL;DR: Don't make HW required to allow students a chance to manage their learning until they're not doing well. After they're sucking, make HW required.
$C: I liked my Math teaches policy my senior year of high school... Do your homework you got a lower grade, didn't turn it in and somehow got an A.. 
$C: Homework is a precursor to lay foundations for independent study. 
$C: When my son was in kindergarten 5 years ago, there were tests, REAL TESTS, 4 days a week.  20 spelling words a week.  Plus homework in every subject, every night.  Several projects a year to do on weekends.  It was absurd.  It was like childhood came to an end.

I’m so glad this change is happening!  Little kids should get to play after school.
$C: Man... 

Nobody does dinner at the table anymore do they? When I was a kid it was 7 nights/week. Napkin on lap. Ask to be excused. Kids clear the table and do dishes... Every night.

Does anyone still do this?
$C: All the Asian parents laughing their asses off at how it's going to be even easier for their kids to out-compete the white kids for university spots thanks to stuff like this.
$C: Yeah, don't do any math, physics, science homework. See how that works out when every foreign students is years ahead and  have your high paying, engineer/chemist/metallurgist/professor, job while you can't get through college then switch your major to phycology.
$C: late august early september back to school teacher copypasta. classic.
$C: I am Asian...this don't seem right?!!
$C: I'm sure most kids would never show this to their parents and just go home to play Fortnite unfortunately.
$C: The research is unable to conclude this because of the way they're researching.

Anybody who has ever learned a skill knows that repetition increases your speed and reduces your errors. The idea that, "Hey guys. We've been unable to conclude that doing a task repeatedly increases speed and reduces errors when doing that task," is just wrong.

The reason homework is important is because if your child cannot do multiplication immediately then what happens when they end up with a long algebra problem? What happens when a clock is suddenly put next to them? What's the teacher going to say when the student can't complete the test in the allotted time because everything takes them ten times longer than it should?

Right, they'll just make the test easier. 

The idea that a teacher of all people is saying there's no link to repeating a task and improving on that task blows my mind.


$C: Ehhh, research does not show that repetition does not enhance performance. It just does. Some high schools even do the no homework thing. The most sought-after high schools in my area, the schools parents relocate to go to are heavy-handed on the homework. 
$C: In hindsight staying up late the night before to finish homework just to fall asleep/be drowsy in class the name day seems like a no brainer not to do.
$C: I just feel vindicated I never did homework in all my schooling years…

Sent from my Nokia 3310
$C: >There will be no formally assigned homework this year

.

>Homework will consist of work that your student did not finish during the school day

Kids will find this as an excuse to do absolutely nothing during the day.
$C: I wish my school was like this smh
$C: My kids school has been doing this for a while and my ex-wifes boyfriend has a daughter in high school here and they do this as well.  My only worry about this is their inability to study for tests when they get to college. 

I remember having to cram the night before finals or rush to write a paper and if I never had to do that for school when I was younger I would have most definitely been screwed during college.
$C: That's cool and everything, but good luck when you go to college!
$C: The teacher I needed. I could never bring myself to do homework because I never saw the "value" it would bring. I'd always do well on tests, but I'd end school years with Bs and Cs because I'd have "missing" homework. 
$C: My mom used to sit with me for at least 10 minutes a day doing flash cards of times tables, addition and subtraction when I was a kid and it definitely helped me improve... “homework” may not help children improve on their studies but practice sure as hell does. 
$C: Homework was originally intended as a punishment.  
$C: On my second year of College, originally was a Pre-med major but switched to Aviation (which i love). But as difficult as college is, it's still a lighter load than high school was. The content its self is more rigorous but as far as how much busy work I had in high school, college is nothing near that. I may have 6-7 hours of classes a day (includes 2 hours of flying in the morning) and about 2 hours of studying (increased on the weekends). However, when I was in high school I could expect a hour morning practice for wrestling, 7 hours of classes and another 2 hour practice. Then I would get home around 6 pm (hour for showering and commuting home) and immediately start on homework which could last upwards of 3 hours. Being in wrestling my dinners consisted of more of a snack than a meal so I would do that while finishing my homework. Looking back, those were 15 hour days, plus working on the weekends when I wouldn't have sports. So getting to college with all this free time has really opened my eyes to how stressful my life used to be.
$C: Why did they have to start doing this AFTER I finished school?
$C: Problem is this sets up the kid for failure in college when they don't have the discipline to study or do work outside of class.  There has to be a balance, and in my opinion zero homework is a school or teacher taking the easy path.  So research papers, reading books for book reports, learning multiplication tables, all that can be learned during the school day ?  I don't think it can.  
$C: “Well then why does my kid have a bunch of homework?”

“Cause he’s lazy sack of shit.”
$C: I had more homework in 6 & 7th grade than I do being a full time student in college. As a kid, it put so much stress on me, up till midnight every night just to complete my homework and waking up at 7 the next day just to do it again.

It's about time a change has been made. 


$C: 8th grade math teacher checking in. I 100% don’t believe in homework. I think if you’re doing the right stuff in class it should be unnecessary. (other than maybe teaching time management and responsibility, I suppose)
$C: But I loved doing homework. 
$C: How would this work in English class where you need to read multiple books and have discussions?

$C: Thank god. Homework is not helpful except to reinforce what they learned through the day.
$C: Teacher of the year!
$C: 2nd grade teacher here. Really considering something like this, but I feel like the studens’ parents expect their child to have homework. Probably because that’s how it was when they were growing up. However, I really don’t think homework helps the kids learn. It’s just one more thing to expect of a 7 year old after a long day of school. I think if kids read for 15-20 minutes every night and parents WORK WITH THEIR CHILD, we’d see a lot of progress. You can easily tell which kids are getting support at home, and which ones are not. If a child is struggling in class, working on homework without support from their parent is only going discourage them.
$C: First off let me say that I mostly agree with this policy but for different reasons. I am currently teaching middle school in California and I do not assign my students homework because I believe that at home they should have time to be kids provided that they are working efficiently in my class.

With that said though, I don't really think that this teacher has proven their point about the benefits of homework. The number one benefit to homework in my opinion when it is done properly is repetition. A well structured plan would be to introduce concepts in class (lets use long division as an example) and then have the students work on a set of problems at home after they have had some time to practice in class. This emphasis on repetition while appearing to just be busy work is actually there to get they students used to the structure of how to solve the problems so that they can store it in their long-term memory. Add on the fact that we are expecting students now to learn more information at a faster pace and it is even more important to have this repetition step to make sure that the information is retained.

She also lists a handful of things that she says correlate to student success. I would certainly not try and argue that these things do not correlate to student success, however I believe that she is missing the point. From my point of view, all of these things are directly affected by one key factor. How affluent the family is. For example, lets start with an easy one. Reading together. Why does this help students succeed? It builds their vocabulary. However, [we know that children with affluent parents hear millions more words than children with poor parents.](https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/the-athletes-way/201402/tackling-the-vocabulary-gap-between-rich-and-poor-children) The other three, eating dinner as a family, playing outside and going to bed early, are all directly dependent on how much the child has to help around the house. If their parents both have to work two jobs to make ends meet or they only have one parent who has two jobs, then that student may have to make dinner, help their siblings with their homework, and generally run the household before finally having time to go to bed. This isn't really conducive to being able to play outside and isn't something that their parents can decide to start doing differently.  
$C: I can most definitely say my calc 2 homework helped me a lot...but yeah like english or history...no

At the end of the day it depends on the subject and how you study 
$C: Homework is a precursor to lay foundations for independent study. 
$C: Parents: "Shit, I have to spend more time with them?"
$C: "Also, I'm tired of grading homework."
$C: This just means more Fortnite play time.

Homework is practice, so you are ready for the next quiz, test, exam.
$C: What a lazy ass teacher. She'll purposely ensure that the school work will be divided by time in her class and the pupils homes.  What a croc of shit, this teacher.  Homework teaches responsibility of doing a task at a certain age regardless of what it entails.
$C: I think this is gonna backfire. It assumes that parents are spending quality time at home with their kids and making their kids do extra reading or math or whatever activities as well. 

But most are just gonna stick their kids in front of the TV or YouTube. 
$C: You point me to the evidence that not studying something outside of school does not have an impact on performance in school. You dont need to bury your kid in excess work, but you need to ensure that the things learned in school are not forgotten once they go home.
$C: > Research has been unable to prove that homework improves student performance. 

Cite your sources, Teacher. 
$C: When it comes to math, practice is what matters. It can come in the form of homework and/or classwork. How much practice is needed varies from student to student, as well.
$C: I'm so glad more teachers are doing this.


Homework is just a waste of everyone's time.
$C: They're tired of grading our stupid ass kids homework, plain and simple case of "I don't get paid enough for this bullshit!"
$C: been saying this for years. There Is plenty of shit outside of academics that kids need to learn everyday.
$C: Teacher: "I hate grading homework, so answer = no homework."
$C: Lol my fuckin ass, kids only get better through rigorous practice and routine. Fuck this new age teaching bullshit
$C: Man, I was so far ahead of my time.
$C: I was in elementary during the early 2000s and no teacher in the school, from what I can remember, actually *assigned* stuff to do at home, unless it was a project. All grades.
$C: I got a similar letter! They encourage students to read 20 mins every night and practice multiplication but it's not mandatory.
$C: This is a great idea. Very practical and helpful. Students are under so much pressure and those like my daughter who suffer from anxiety over simply doing the normal school work, let alone added homework, benefit greatly from such a gentle approach to letting them catch up in their own time.

I think it also teaches a little responsibility, as their downtime at home is compromised not by added work, but by what they didn't finish during work time. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: I was extremely lazy, I’d NEVER do homework, but get straight A’s on tests.. Sadly, because of never doing Homework, my avg wasnt good.. And being a first child, I didn’t know about GPAs or getting into colleges, and by the time I did.. it was too late. :/
$C: Wait hey.... they want me to interact with my kids.....
$C: This is beautiful
$C: That teacher sounds like a cool person.
$C: I’m a teacher and I would love to do this! But I literally wouldn’t have time to fit in the curriculum if I didn’t assign some homework. 
$C: Homeschooler learning that homework is assigned here


what?


$C: I wish my kids school did this.  He had homework as a kindergartener.
$C: I'm not going to say if it's right or wrong, good or bad, to not have homework and be able to be a kid for the afternoon/evening.

I'm just saying that there's a few billion average level schoolkids in Asia that go to school during hours, after school hours tutoring,  and saturday tutoring.    Come 20 years in future, whose kids are going to be higher up on international business ladder
$C: Having any kind of mental stimulation *during* summer, though, has been shown to be greatly beneficial to progress. 
$C: Lmao what a shit idea, no homework? Don't you think that we are getting just a little too soft here?? Because the real adult world isn't soft, I can assure that.

Edit: after thinking a bit, i feel like on the other side of things, kids should be outside a lot more running around and shit, but theyre probably playing fortnite tho...
$C: I'm glad this is happening, but part of me feels that it doesn't tell the full story of the pedagogical value of homework, such as learning through practice. I can't find studies to back up that feeling but I'm wondering if this trend will actually result in parents spending time with their kids, or if by and large it just means the time previously spent on homework will be spent on unproductive leisure.

I just hope that this change also comes with different classroom techniques that allow children to learn, practice and apply their knowledge in a way that is superior to homework. 
$C: I don't know how I feel about this.  Too much homework is a waste, but it's pretty well known that the lecture style of teaching is about the worst way to teach period.

At a minimum I think pre-lecture reading should be required.
$C: I thought the point of homework was to learn how to do things on your own and develop discipline?
$C: This is good, but I still think the best model I've seen is totally swapping the traditional setup of classwork and homework. Much of what lectures do can just as easily be accomplished by reading a book - whereas grappling with the material and figuring through it through homework, would likely be more fruitful in class, under the guidance of the teacher.

That might apply more to ages that actually have lectures, though (high school and up?). For ages below that, this is a pretty solid idea.
$C: Yes. Be a FAMILY. But too many are in the same house while all on their individual devices. Kids can't cooperate, have no clue how to take turns in games, aren't getting enough exercise or outside play...  please take advantage and help socialize and spend time with your child!!!  Edit:  there actually is a lot of data that supports reading. More reading means higher achievement levels and long term benefits for education and work. A child who doesn't read at grade level by the end of grade 3 will struggle into adulthood to catch up. Reading wide variety and reading each night makes all the difference. 
$C: What if instead of reading together we play Overwatch together, does that count?
$C: My kids have a similar policy except they do ask for daily reading as "homework". Whether that's the student reading for pleasure or parents reading aloud to their kids. 

The most important part of this is "getting your child to bed early."  I'm constantly surprised by the number of parents of kids in elementary school whose kids are not in bed until after 11 PM. 

Putting your kids to bed early (7 PM) is not only great for their rest and development but also your own sanity and relationship with your partner. 
$C: This is honestly how it should be across the USA. My son had Kindergarten last year and was bringing home 3 pages of homework mom-fri. Like wtf are y’all doing in class if you’re bringing this much stuff home. It’s just not needed especially at those younger ages.
$C: Makes sense until highschool, after which they should use homework as preparation for college. 
$C: This is the policy I'm using this year too.
$C: Doesn't work with courses that are content/vocab heavy like history. You have to constantly study that stuff
$C: if only....
$C: Not that I did my homework anyway, but it would have been great to not have to deal with all the anxiety of not doing it/ knowing I would get hided for it/ falling into a huge hole of being behind where my parents made me stay at the learning center all day for a week in school until I got caught up. It was a fucking nightmare.
$C: While this is a policy I could only dream of as a kid, and as a (future) parent would take full advantage of, I do have a few concerns if this were widespread:

- the kids may have a harder time learning time management
- those who go to college would have a hell of a time adjusting to the discipline required for independent study (and aforementioned time management)
- no academic reinforcement. Yes, they get that time at home to chill and clear their heads, but no hw at all could have a negative impact that way

I definitely think the amount of homework my generation (age 29) experienced was overkill, but there should be *some*. Maybe each teacher/subject gets one night of recap hw (between 30-60 mins) assignment per week. It addresses the discipline, time management, and reinforcement.
$C: That's been my policy from day one as a teacher. I don't want to teach when I'm home, why would I expect you to do school work. 
$C: Doesn't homework help to reinforce what the child learned that day in school?
$C: I give one homework assignment a quarter to justify the category in my gradebook. Homework, the way most people envision it, isn't effective. 
$C: Kids just ask friends for answers to homework anyways. Classwork is where the real learning happens. Unless the parent is a capable teacher...that doesn't yell or get mean. And while what the teacher list may be true....it honestly depends on the family...its hard for kids with not songreat families to get ahead. The saddest is single parent families, where they would if they had the time and energy. Kid misses out because the resources are not there. 
Kid should be involved in after school classes and Saturday classes if you want the best for them.
$C: I can’t take anything seriously written in that font.
$C: Still gunna get a letter from at least one parent giving the teacher shit, I guarantee it.
$C: I had so much homework in high school my parents had a meeting with the teacher and principal.   I spent 11 hours some nights doing homework. 
$C: You can guarantee that the Asian students are still going to be doing my math worksheets at home and trouncing the other students through hard work.
$C: I feel so torn about this. In my case, I significantly prefer homework to schoolwork. My grades shot way up when I went to university because I had control over when I worked on what. It's impossible to feel motivated when you're sitting in a specific classroom forced to do a specific assignment in less than an hour.
$C: Good for elementary schools, except for math.

&#x200B;

Math I feel, is one of the few subjects where in class isn't enough, and concepts come with practice, so thats like the one subject I would assign homework for
$C: I know this will get lost in the comments but I feel it's important to bring up this point so I'll post it. 

I don't believe the homework should be required. Not everyone needs the extra practice to learn. However I believe that fully eliminating it from elementary schools would have bad consequences on the students study habits. Half of elementary school is learning how to learn then using those habits in high school and college to succeed. Students learn what they need and don't need. So while I don't think homework should be required in higher education I do believe it should be required in elementary schools to help develop study habits. 
$C: Being a student in the 1900's and early 2000's i'm torn, right of passage or do whats better for them. I say for the most part this is a good thing. Both for student and parent.... but, lets not forget, there are so many things a student should know, too many to express per age group. Example: if by ninth grade you don't know what the temperature of water freezing is... something is wrong. There are things kids shpuld learn quick and without a doubt. There are also things that kids shouldn't be necessarily bothered by with homework, like say: christopher columbus' view on the economics of the bahamas before he savagely raped, incarcerated, enslaved and took over certain parts of the world
$C: I wish I had this! Homework in grade 7-8 messed me up in the head. My teacher was an total spazoid that shouldn't have been teaching kids that age, dude should have been in high-school or uni. Due to the way he did homework it stressed me out beyond belief many nights crying/not wanting to go to school the next day/having to get my parents to write m notes when we couldn't finish it on time. Homework was always hard for me and this sociopath made it so much worse, caused my anxiety about school to sky rocket and I already had enough stuff going on.

&#x200B;

Due to his methods I did not do homework in high-school as the teachers didn't care and I no longer had to go back to that stressful environment that was doing homework. I only did major assignments or things I knew would be worth marks, or once a week with my tutor because of this my grades suffered as most teachers assigned to do something at night and just did a completion mark. I didn't care, didn't want to be stressed out and my grades probably took a 10-20 percent dive because of this.

&#x200B;

I can pin-point bad qualities/character flaws of myself purely based on what happened during grades 7/8 that all revolve around homework. One shouldn't hate school, shouldn't dread being screamed at for ten minutes amongst other things.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;
$C: the problem isnt giving homework. the problem is giving too much homework. for a young child, 15-30 minutes of homework is perfectly fine. 2 hours of homework is way too much. no homework is probably not the best idea either.
$C: Hmm... This seems like the opposite of my 6th grade teacher who tore up my homework in front of the class for doing it early when she handed it out because “homework is to be done at *home*, not school.”
$C: Little preachy but yeah..... 
$C: "What's the DEAL with homework? You're not working on your home! Am I right?! " - Jerry Seinfeld
$C: We send our kiddos to a rural Montessori school. They are accredited, the cost for them to go there is about the same for us to pay before and after care at a public school. Wish we did not have to pay yearly taxes to a school district we do not even use. They have a no homework policy. Our girls are going into 4th grade and they tested at a 6th grade reading level and they started algebra earlier this school year.
$C: I had a Spanish 2 Teacher who never makes us do homework but always assigns about over a hour worth of work for a 50m class so almost every student always has to complete the work at home and still worth full credit next day...
$C: This is a quick way for your children to never learn! 

$C: They posted it again. 
$C: I fucking love this teacher.   That's exactly how I feel if I were a teacher.  
$C: In general, I'm fine with this. But I have two issues here:

* Obviously, that policy is geared towards an elementary school level, where it is quite reasonable. The teacher should have added this distinction though, because later, at a high school, and even more so a university level, studying at home (not necessarily homework, studying in general) is just plain necessary. By not adding that, they're setting an unreasonable standard in the parents' minds.
* That font.
$C: Except for Math.  I found that those work sheets and repeated practice problems really helped me retain how to solve those problems I will never need to know in life.
$C: Where was this when I was in school? 
$C: This has always been my policy. I can't tell you how many parents actually complain about it. They say their kids need something to do at home. Translation: give them something to work on so they don't bother me. 
$C: This is awesome. I hated finishing work I didn't finish in class, plus homework for that class, and then homework from 6 other classes. 
$C: There is definitely something to be said about this but on the other hand if you don't have experience turning something around very quickly outside of your normal "working" hours you are gonna have a rude awakening at University and probably just die in the real world
$C: Love it. My niece struggled with 3-4 hours of homework A NIGHT while in high school as part of the IB program. I told her that I was a grown-ass man making a six figure salary and even I didn't bring home that much work. 
$C: *Teacher's

Maybe you should have done more homework.
$C: The unconditional surrender to the slacker nation.
$C: When I started middle school way back when I was shocked that this was a thing. All my life I've  had to do pointless assignments and now I feel free. Ah, that was one reason why I liked the fact that I moved out of California...
$C: I always wondered what the tax breakdown for homework would be for my school lifetime. I went to a public school grade K-12 in the 90s. Grad 2001. All the time spent going home and studying and homeworking and being prepared to hopefully not fail during the time I was reported to be in and out of a school that made money off my attendance...
$C: This is an interesting one.  As a high school teacher, I largely agree with the sentiment expressed in this policy.  There is so much more to school than work, and then more work.  Physical, social, and mental well-being are just as important, if not more.  I think the scope and amount of homework should largely depend on the grade level, course difficulty, and specific skills being taught.  If the real goal of school is to prepare students to be meaningful and contributing members of society, homework may be a useful tool in that plan.  Many occupations require additional work and training outside the "work day".  Colleges require a level of work and learning outside of the classroom.  I'm not a defender of homework, but done correctly and in the right context seems beneficial.  (Obviously all opinion - I did not research as this teacher did).
$C: Homework may not have effects on retention (debatable), but it certainly teaches kids about the life lesson on receiving an assignment and completing it on your own, outside of school. Much of teaching is about helping form and grow good habits as a person, not just a strict academic curriculum.
$C: Flashbacks to my childhood and the fights I used to have with my parents regarding homework is one of the primary reasons I don’t want kids. The idea that they wouldn’t have schoolwork at home somewhat eases the thought of having kids. 
$C: My Highschool Teachers did this and it was the best thing ever
$C: Homework is an essential part of learning in higher levels. However I do believe that in elementary school the most important things a kid can learn is by spending time with family. 
$C: Man, I’m happy that I actuallly enjoy homework! I always find it rewarding knowing that the skills I learn aren’t just going in one ear and out the other.
$C: You rock Mrs. .......
$C: As a university student, the idea of no homework makes me cry tears of envy.
$C: Wait is this not the standard? It’s always been this way where I live what the fuck
$C: My son’s teacher is following the same policy and I think it’s a great idea! It just makes sense, especially for really young kids who are still trying to adjust to school in general. 
$C: I think this really depends on a few things. The grade of the student. The student. And how much time the teacher gets with said student. 

I would not have learned math like I did with out those repetitive math tables at home as an assignment. Practice makes perfect. 
$C:  I saw this on new.  Guess I should’ve commented
$C: Wouldn't this fuck them over when they go to college a little bit? 
$C: As nice as this is it may be worth noting that it’s two years old. 
$C: I’m a High School English teacher. In Newfoundland, Canada. This has been my personal philosophy since I began teaching 6 years ago. 
$C: My question is: How many of these families *will* actually stick to those four suggestions?
$C: Nice
$C: *sigh* This picture again.

I'm probably too late to the party and the top comments have been overwhelmingly positive, but let me try anyway. 

I totally get the sentiment, and I do agree that it is important for children to spend time with their families. At the same time, it is pretty misleading to say that research/science has been unable to prove(1) homework helps. 

One of the largest and longest studies on homework from Duke University found this - [press release](https://today.duke.edu/2006/03/homework.html):
>"With only rare exception, the relationship between the amount of homework students do and their achievement outcomes was found to be positive and statistically significant," the researchers report in a paper that appears in the spring 2006 edition of "Review of Educational Research." 

And to sum it all up:
> The bottom line really is all kids should be doing homework, but the amount and type should vary according to their developmental level and home circumstances.

Moreover, this lack of homework could also raise potential inequality issues. Rich parents will just end up sending their kids to after school tutoring and/or enrichment thus furthering the education gap. To be fair, there *is* a counter argument that assigning homework could also *contribute* to the education gap as poorer students can't get help from their parents. So it is a multifaceted issue here.

Hopefully I shed a bit more light on this because I feel like while this picture is good for "feels" it is a bit too simplistic for something that requires a more nuanced approach.

(1) My SO would say - science **never proves anything**, a scientist would only say something to the effect of "research suggests"
$C: I'm a dirty no good for nothing scumbag
$C: Please, tell me more about this revelation that practicing things doesn't correlate with doing them better.
$C: I can't take anything written in comic sans seriously.
$C: I'm 110% on board with this.

When I was a tiny person, my home life was pretty bad, so my homework was only ever done immediately before class.

I still got B's and A's on my tests, but the homework dragged me down to nearly failing.

Everything being handled in school would've changed the entire trajectory of my academic life for the better.  I'm happy as hell for all the kids who now have that chance, who wouldn't have under the old system.
$C: This is fucking beautiful.
$C: It's woefully ironic, reading that, in between answering and sending work e-mails and phone calls at home. 
$C: HOLY SHIT. I DON'T FREAKING BELIEVE IT.
It's almost like I wasn't a total failure and maybe there in fact was something wrong with this practice!

Forgive my Millennial bitterness, but it's only about goddamn time.
$C: I largely credit my ability to make it through high school on being able to get all of my homework done before class is done or in my spare. If i had to bring homework home it would immediately put me in a bad headspace and fuck up my balance between work and play. 
$C: I'm in favor this, but the only problem I see is that the students with the most unfinished work are probably the ones who'll need the most help. Will they get that at home? Of course, homework wouldn't address that issue either. What I like to see is a homework lab, where students can finish up their work at school, right after classes end, and have a teacher there to help them. What if a student is having numerous classes where he/she can't get finished? I guess that's a whole different problem though. When I had my secondary education in England, ages 11+-17 the late 50's/early 60's, we had hours and hours of homework every night, as well as (usually) all day Saturday, sometimes going into Sunday. That was called Grammar School in those days, as opposed to Primary School from ages 5-11. We knew nothing different. I think I got a really good education, but it was not without extreme stress and worrying about class standing. Of course, back then we didn't have anything much to distract us - television wasn't geared to kids and I only remember 2 or 3 channels, as opposed to these days with a gazillion other things kids want to be doing instead of homework.
$C: I am going to go against the tide here. School is where you learn to live and gain knowledge; not at home. During your early years it is important for you to learn as much as you can because believe it or not your life depends on it. Those are the years where your life  is pretty much decided what you're going to do with it. To be a mechanic or a doctor. I know its tough but it needs be done. Talking about spending life with family and having dinner together, you can learn as much  in 1 hour that you can in 5 hours if  your family is really willing to put in the effort to turn you into a better human and put in morals and values in you. 
$C: Yes!!! I can’t believe the amount of homework my nephew had in 1st grade.  4-5 sheets PER DAY.  The only thing it succeeded in doing is make him hate school. We would work for hours everyday.
$C: Why was this policy not around when I was a kid?
$C: I don’t mean to be “that person”, but without homework, I prolly wouldn’t have done as well or learned as much at school. I don’t think I’m the “only one” who’s had that experience. I’m sure many kids don’t need homework, but there’s some that do.
$C: Homework isn’t work, it’s learning. You have to remember that your 9-5 is your job, it isn’t learning brand new topics every day like students must do. Learning takes practice, and it takes focus outside of a dedicated school day. I disagree that people should be doing homework for 3 hours a night, but an hour of homework several hours after learning the material is a great reinforcement. I simply disagree with this sentiment.
$C: "How to not prepare your children for the real world 101"
$C: Busy work is dumb. Homework can be useful.

Homework should not be overbearing or just there to be there, but how do you do learn math without tons of repetition?
$C: My 7 year old's been back at school for three weeks now (2nd Grade), and he's been getting homework every day. She also sent home a welcome letter at the beginning of the year, we had to fill a bit of info out about him, his likes, what motivates him, etc, and there was a box for additional comments.  

I got around to writing in it last week, and put in there that she can send home as much homework as she wants on a daily basis but she'll only receive it on a Monday because we'll only be doing it once a week at the weekend, because both his parents work into the evening, his 15 year old brother is the one who watches him at home until we get there, and when we do get home we would like to eat, play, talk about our day, watch TV, so whatever, before we send him for his bedtime bath and off to bed.

I checked his backpack on Saturday when we were about to do his homework and she's been marking big red Xs and drawing sad faces daily on his homework folder for not doing it, and he told me he's been losing recess for not returning homework.

I wrote a letter to her explaining again and told her I'd she needed further clarification i would be happy to discuss it on Open Night (which is tomorrow).  So far this week he has been able to play outside.

Fucking old haggard bitch.
$C: I was about to unsubscribe from r/pics, and this just saved the subreddit for me. Quality post.
$C: I've been teaching for 4 years now and I've always had this policy. Homework has no merit and students are more motivated to finish their work in class. 
$C: 91k upvotes! Between this and all the Stephen guy memes recently, we now know reddit is by far mostly 12 year olds.
$C: How did I miss this? Lucky kids these days... 😑
$C: Is there another form of homework? Thought my standard education we were never assigned anything specifically separate as homework. It was what we didn’t finish during class. 
$C: This is literally the only kind of homework we had when I was in school.  No teacher ever gave separate "home" work for us to do.  
Am I just super old?  I'm 28. When did ACTUAL, just-at-home work become a thing?  Obviously this was a terrible fucking idea.  I wouldn't have done ANY of that garbage. 
$C: Homework was my biggest depression in school. I mean, hell, you're already at school all day until like 3:30pm, probably 4:30 or 5 after a bus commute. Let the kids be kids. For that fraction of extra knowledge squeezed out, morale and joy is squeezed out.

Homework was the reason I hated school. I later realized I loved school if we didn't have homework. It made me reflect upon my whole life realizing.... What if we didn't have homework and i knew I loved school... Imagine how much better I would've done. 
$C: Playing outside and eating dinner will definitely help for college prep. 
$C: Sat down to do homework with my daughter today. Took roughly an hour but that’s quite a bit for a home with parents who work full time. On top of that this common core makes it difficult to help her as I cannot show her how I do math because she was sent home with a note saying not to do so because it will cause confusion. I wish my school district would adopt this no homework policy.
$C: I agree that they should lessen the homework, but for subjects like Math or Physics I think it’s good to have some. I definitely benefitted from the practice since sometimes I tend to not be able to focus during school and I need my own space at home to get my thoughts together. 
$C: She clearly didn't research very well.
$C: Maybe it doesn’t improve performance in primary or high school, but it’s a habit that you’ll need if you intend to study at a tertiary level. I never did any homework throughout primary and high school, and I really struggled at University in my initial years.
$C: I disagree if I didn't have homework in my math class I would never have learned it
$C: I teach Jr. High in Texas and have the same policy. 
$C: Show this to a baby boomer to instantly kill them. 
$C: Everyone needs this, especially elementary schools. Elementary school students get too much work. My son LOVES school and homework (first grade) so he doesn’t mind it but most kids aren’t great with being overworked 
$C: For this age, I completely think this is the right policy. For high-school kids, no. 
$C: This is sort of the approach I'm taking with my classes as well. I usually tell them that the only homework they'll have is the homework they give themselves.
$C: I wish my daughters highschool implemented this strategy.  We went on a vacation over her summer break and she had to bring summer homework for 2 classes on our holiday.  We had to come home early every day on VACATION so she had time to do her work.

Before school even starts for the 2018-2019 year she's already burnt out.  Her sophomore year she would start doing HW as soon as she got home around 3pm and not finish until 2am.  Granted she was in an AP class and will be taking 2 AP classes Junior year - this is absolutely ridiculous.

When I come home after working a 10hr day, I'm not up until 2am doing more work at home and I'm inclined to think most other adults are in the same position.  Give these kids a chance to recharge and come in fresh the next day and I guarantee they'll be more efficient.

I'm not against hard work, but c'mon this is insane.
$C: Homework free is all good and great until placed in a school that has it.

I feel homework it's important to a degree, but shouldn't dominate a student's time at home. Something in the range of 15-30 minutes of focused work is what I think should get the point across. It has to be monitored though, that's probably the most important part.
$C: Yah, that’ll just propel us right past the Indians and Asians 🙄
$C: Asian mothers will assign homework anyway.
$C: 
Good luck motherfuckers your kids are fucked
$C: As a future someday teacher, this is a great idea and I totally support it. But as a person who took graphic design , in high school you never under no circumstances use comic sans unless you make comics. A lot of teachers do this  and in my opinion it's cliché
$C: Reading this while slacking on the homework I need to finish
$C: I am very sceptical about this idea. Children need to build a routine or an intuitive understanding of things like writing, reading and basic maths, to be able to understand and master more complex tasks. Since brains of children are very resilient and basically soak up everything they hear, see and do, every second you spend learning is worth gold. Of course you have to manage a balance between school and freetime but I think it is naive to say that homework does not improve a students performance. Maybe it is not the directly visible performance in terms of grades, but the child will get a better unconscious understanding of the matter. Besides that I think that it is shortsighted to assume that eating together can improve a childs perfomance. Usually families/parents  with a higher level of education tend to have a more stable and organized life. They are more likely to lean with the kids at home or help them with the homework. Thats where the improve comes from. Those families will still learn with their kids at home and the policy will not affect them. Kids from more unstable families will suffer from this homwork policy.
$C: I totally get this. But as a recent college grad. This will fuck over your student if it goes through high school as well. 
$C: I dunno. As a parent, it's helpful to see where kids stand and nice to see what theyre working on. 

A little hw never hurt anyone.

Oh btw, when they get to hs and the work ramps up, a lot of kids seem to be really overwhelmed.
$C: Hmm. I must admit I have pretty mixed views on this.. I mean part of me feels that children are definitely overloaded with homework.. Read 3 chapters of your science book, read this book and do a book report, do your math homework, do your geography terms, grammar lesson, etc all by tommorow. But on the other I feel like know enforcement of things learned just kinda let’s it in one ear and out the other . Like taking music lessons and being like, guys, no practice at all . What you learn in class all you need... Granted some subjects kids will be less interested in, as well as let’s face it, school isn’t practical . Let’s focus on teaching kids things that they don’t need because ummmm, they did it in the past! I get giving them a taste of a subject but beyond a certain point you’re just wasting time.
$C: Researcher here. I think this teacher is referring to the [2006 Cooper et al. Meta Study](http://ueeval.ucr.edu/teaching_practices_inventory/CooperRobinsonPatall_2006.pdf). If so it had the following recommendations for optimal amount of homework: 

High School: 2 hours/night
Junior High: 1 hour/night 
Primary: None

Also Caucasian American and Asian American had the highest correlation between homework and achievement in 12th grade students. 

The individual studies had limitations that made a meta analysis difficult. 

$C: As a teacher, I use this policy and it is beautiful. It’s nice not dealing with any homework. 
$C: For decades, study after study continue to find and confirm that homework is worthless at helping to either teach or to reinforce, and in some instances may be *detrimental* to the learning process.

This teachers position should be the default position.
$C: I gotcha Mrs. I don’t wanna mark homework!
$C: (Sorry for the long post. This is my 2 pennies. Your milage will obviously vary.)

Seems to me that homework and no homework opinions are just dependant on people. Some people did absolutely fine without it, while others did better with it. That being said, I don't think we can accurately say, "This is stupid, we need homework." or ,"This is great. Homework is unnecessary."  There is no agreeing because we are all different. I did absolutely fine in school when I didn't get assigned homework, and I did just as well when I was assigned some. I don't remember struggling much in school.

However, my 14 year old HATES homework. 9 times out of 10, she understands what she's learned in class and finds homework a complete time waster. All it does is make her unbearable and frustrated when she has to do 30 math problems, answer 12 science questions, and write the definition of 10 words, on top of that 2 page report that was assigned today and is due in 2 days. She's a fast learner and that's great, but irritating for her as well. 

My eldest, who just started college, didn't mind homework. She could get it done fairly quickly, managed her time well enough, and it helped reinforce what she'd learned during the day.

Then I have my youngest, a high functioning autistic. He struggles in school a lot. He's smart and his grades are good, but he just can't sit for 2 hours, nor focus for more than 15-20 minutes at a time. He rarely gets his class work done during class time, so it ends up being homework, which is additional to the homework the teachers assign. He regularly has meltdowns in the evenings, and it's not uncommon for me to have to spread out hours of homework into 10 minutes increments with 10 minute breaks. Not very easy to do when I work at the school myself, get home at 4, have to get dinner going and laundry started and the house cleaned up, etc... 

Homework or no homework...it's impossible to say which is better,  because it really DOES depend on the person. Our school system is set up as a one size fits all, and if you don't fit, you better darn well do your best to, or it's going to suck to be you. 

The entire system needs an overhaul. Unfortunately, when school's and teachers try to make changes, they make the changes for everyone, which just causes different problems.  

What the answer is, I haven't a clue. It would be such a huge change that I wouldn't know where to begin, and I suspect a lot of people in education feel the same way. How do we change a massive system to better help teach each person individually? 
$C: Not only is this post old, so is this concept. When I was attending school to be a teacher four years ago, this was already an accepted concept...
$C: Just saying for a teacher, that grammar was terrible. 
$C: Homework serves no purpose. If you're supposed to be preparing children for adulthood, homework is useless. Most adults leave work and don't have to do anything work related at home at all, and that's considered a good thing for peace of mind and mental health. Who should children have to mentally stay at school 24/??
$C: I teach high school science and this is basically my policy. The kids have 8 classes, if all of us send home "just 15 minutes of work!!" they'll have 2 hours a night, after sports and activities. Either they do it half assed and are miserable, or they don't do it and I spend all my time trying to extract homework so they don't fail. Way to burn a kid out and stifle personal growth. 
$C: I heard about this method and honestly I've done better in classes implementing it, even if I have no real interest in the subject.
$C: I live in Michigan and this is how most of my teachers in middle school and high school taught. Less lecture, more help from the teacher.
$C: Why can't that be in every school
$C: Good idea! Oregon just got rid of school on Friday, which I also think sounds pretty good.
$C: As someone who went to a private school with a very similar policy and even had it during middle and highschool (albeit scaled up as time went on) I can say this was a way better way than what my public school friends got. Definitely would recommend, especially at a young age.
$C: Not all heroes wear capes. Where has this teacher been for all of our lives?!
$C: Aaaaand I'm in my 12th year and I feel like I'm going to get ripped off
$C: The only “we’ve updated our private policy” that we like.
$C: Awesome, more time planted in front of the ipad
$C: I agree with the sentiment. The issue here is non-involved parents won't do it. Send "homework" home that says "read 2 books with a guardian" or " shoot 20 baskets" etc.

Love the initiative and thought process, and it is perfect for high income and high educated parent populations, just not for struggling populations.
$C: Fast-tracking that social science degree 👍
$C: At my sons school homework can no longer count towards their overall grade, but if he doesn't turn it all in he can't retake a test if he bombs.

It's a good policy imo.
$C: This kinda confuses me a little.  I understand they want kids to experience life outside of mindless work.  But at the same time I always viewed homework as practice.  Something to give me experience outside of a teacher being there to help, so when the inevitable test comes I feel more confident in my ability to execute what is needed.  At the same time, if I can't seem to get the hang of something it gives me a better idea of what questions I should be asking to further understand it.  Somewhat similar to learning to play an instrument from a teacher.  If you only play when they are teaching you, there's going to be a lot of back tracking of things you forgot or didn't fully grasp.  Further down somebody posted that their child's school limits it to 15-20 minutes and I think that's a better idea.  Give them a few questions, first few are similar to examples in the classroom and maybe 1 or 2 that are somewhat curve balls just to get them thinking.   
   
In the end, I'm a childless almost 30 something year old and I could totally be wrong :)
$C: "Proven to correlate" is a phrase that pains me, but goodwill to your teacher for changing that policy. Many classes don't benefit from homework.
$C: Ok this is helpful for like elementary classes, but for older kids this doesn't really apply.
$C: That is so awesome! Need that here in SoCal. Hope my wife implements this when she's a full time teacher! 
$C: [Why does the shadow on the paper look like Spider-Man hanging upside-down?](https://www.google.com/search?q=spiderman+hanging+upside+down&client=ms-android-uscellular-us&prmd=isnv&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwjL2r_vmYLdAhVhc98KHR5LD1AQ_AUIESgB&biw=412&bih=718#imgrc=oKdl4lTXshQihM:)
$C: As a kid with a short attention span, I didn’t learn anything in class and daydreamed. I learned everything during homework, and it taught me to prioritize and manage my time. 
$C: Good. No more heavy backpacks.
$C: Finally. 6-8 hrs of homework a night is ridiculous, but that's what they give up here. 8 classes and each teacher says that they give no more than an hour of homework, but that's an hour or so for each class. Good help you if you don't understand it.
$C: Not a fan of this philosophy across board. I get it, and it may work in some populations. But there are some groups of students who benefit from study skills and the extra mastery they will achieve by working problems or assignments on their own. I'm speaking of children who have significant gaps in their learning already.
$C: My mom was an elementary teacher in the 80s and 90s and this was her policy. Granted, she was a total hard ass and the majority of kids cried when they found out she was their teacher but at the end of the year they loved her. Kids need a break between school and homelife. She believed this helped them not be stressed out during their school day with missed assignments and tests which lead to happier children. "Everything they needed to know and learn could be done during school- they are just kids." 
The older I get the more I understand what she was trying to do. She was my best teacher in life. I miss her dearly. 
$C: This is wonderful. I never understood why you went to school 7 hours and then had to come home and do 4 hours of homework on busy days. I was a competitive athlete starting in grade school, which meant I was often up until midnight because of after school practice, which was at least three hours. 

So then I was too tired to focus in class, which meant my dad had to teach me everything again when I got home. Vicious cycle. 
$C: Finland is rated n1 in education worldwide and they don't give homework
$C: That teacher is misguided, yo.

Those things aren't causal.
$C: This is exactly what should be done. I needed a tutor for math back in grade school and had other commitments and found 'projects' difficult. Most parents end up helping kids on these long term projects anyways.
$C: I have elementary age kids and agree with this fundamentally but there are some things you can only do over and over again to get better at like handwriting, math drills and stuff like that.  I made my kid do these things all summer and she’s finally not taking 5 minutes to add 8+7. I definitely appreciate our school doing the same thing in assigning minimal homework but in the same respect, that doesn’t mean skimp out on things that require practice to get better at it. 
$C: My school had this for lots of the classes but the gifted program’s response was “If the homework takes you more than an hour each night you can stop” it was all still graded though and I was very slow at doing the assigned reading and writing because of dyslexia and adhd so that was fun
$C: My mom works for my old school district and one of my sisters is still in grade school. They county said that grades 1-8 will no longer have homework. Students were coming home with hours of HW a night. So instead, they give them mandatory “passion-work.” Still hours of it a night. It’s so stupid, if you are going to take away homework, take it away. Don’t lie to the kids.
$C: I seriously feel like homework with my son is my second job. It’s crazy. Day three and homework in all subjects. 
$C: My highschool did this. Most of the time, i would just mess around with friends during school and do all my work at home where I was in a quiet environment. It worked out nice
$C: On one hand, High School assignments and homework made me not bother with anything extra-curricular. On the other hand, it made me prepared for out of uni work. So.... either way is kind of a double-edged sword.
$C: interesting.. I actually like homework because it help the learning foundation what we learn in class. Homework is more practice and helps you remember the material.
$C: COMIC SAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANS
$C: If I were a teacher, I’d only give homework to those students who seem to be struggling with certain concepts. The more practice they get, the better they’re likely to master it.
$C: Licensed English teacher here, this would be bliss. Homework requirements is the no. One reason I’m sticking with my library job instead of using my degree yet. My only single concern is that colleges don’t follow that model, and it will be a rougher adjustment than it already is. (I have my own criticism of most college degrees and professors, so this is less of an argument to keep homework and more of a talking point, lol.)
$C: There was a time when too much homework was considered child abuse in the States. The attitude didn't change too dramatically until the Russians launched Sputnik and everybody freaked out about how behind we were. Glad to see educators finally coming full circle. I wish adults had taken me seriously about this as a student. I honestly believe it affected my quality of life pretty negatively growing up.
$C: I never did homework, always finished it at school. I even got reprimanded a few times because i "didnt do the homework at home"... i mean what the fuck, i did it, it really doesnt matter where i did it.

I finished 7th best of my graduation class. Fuck homework, i could have done without these bothersome execises, they only help if you struggle with some topic and they specifically reinforce your understanding of said topic, which is mostly not the case its 90% repeated busiwork that adds almost nothing to your pool of information.
$C: My middle school and high school had a theory that we should have one hour of homework per day for each academic class. So with 5 academic classes, you  
- get home at 4  
- right away do homework for 3 hours  
- then break for one hour for dinner  
- do homework for 2 hours   
- go to bed around 9   
- get up at 6 and go to school to repeat  

Hmm, over 10 hours a day of work every day, for a 12 year old. Makes no sense that they thought this was a good idea for anyone, let alone kids.
$C: Great. A picture of a note.

/r/pics might as well allow memes at this point. 
$C: Good concept. Fallacious reasoning. 

Homework doesn’t improve performance? Unless you’re a genius, exercises and repetitious training will definitely improve your performance. Sports, musical instruments, other hobbies also require lots of practice. Jesus. I heard vitamins aren’t verified by the FDA either...
$C: Ha what this was my first front page Reddit post. I feel so honored it’s getting reposted.  https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/4yx3nk/i_wish_this_was_the_homework_policy_when_i_was_in/?st=JL61E1QK&sh=7e74444d
$C: Seems like a good idea but her font choice makes me question her ability to reason. 
$C: I do not mind this for the lower grades but hopefully high schools do not do this. Freshman are already unprepared for much of the demands of attending a university. New students are already surprised but the work demands of even 100 level courses. If they come into a university with the expectation/experience of NOT being required to work outside of classroom this will compound the first semester failure rates even further.
$C: eh, i feel like homework definitely does help.
$C: Math homework is proven to make better test scores. With math you must practice a sufficient amount to understand the concepts. With other classes I can agree with this, but with any math related subject, homework is a must. 
$C: Imagine the uproar if this was shown to asian parents
$C: Honestly I thought getting my undergrad was way easier than high school.  I don’t think that was a good thing either.  
$C: I’m a teacher so I’m biased, but I don’t like this as a blanket policy. 

I can totally understand the idea behind limiting homework and not crushing kids with it, but homework is used to both prep students for the next days lessons (you see this more in high school and in soft subjects, like English and history) and to reinforce what you did that day in class (you see this a lot more in math and science). 

When it comes to things like history class, there’s *stuff* the kids need to know. We can debate the Spanish governments problem with abolishing the Encomeida system, deciding whether or not ending the mistreatment of Native Americans was worth the wrath they’d get from the colonists (which might actually put them in more jeopardy) or if the system should just be continued, and how religion and the eventual African slave trade factors into it. 

But they need to actually **know what the Encomienda system is first**, and I can spend an entire class lecturing and giving notes, or they can spend 15 minutes reading out of the text book and come into class ready to think and debate. 

Homework is incredibly valuable when used correctly. 
$C: As a STEM major all I ask is for this to be implemented into college level courses. Too many professors use homework as an excuse to avoid teaching the material themselves.
$C: So there is homework...some people are slow and wont finish...liberal schooling is embarassing
$C: This is basically my policy, and always has been..  has worked out well for me for the past 6 years (my whole teaching career so far)
$C: My son did much better in math once he got a teacher that assigned homework. Don’t get me wrong, I wish the kids didn’t get homework because it would be easier on me...but I honestly think that sitting with my children and helping them with homework is beneficial. Not too much, though.  20 minutes worth at the most. Especially math. That’s something that you can only get better at with more practice. 
$C: Well it's pretty pointless considering everything can be googled now-a-days.... \*grumbles as last generation that really did the bs\*
$C: I get doing this for younger kids, but homework really cements concepts as you move up in school. 
$C: *Kid gets plonked in front of the tv/given an iPad until bedtime*
$C: I had a minimum of 3 hours of homework from around grade 2 onwards. The only thing it succeeded in doing is making me hate school, causing me anxiety, and creating fights with my parents because I just wanted to go outside and play after school. No child in grade 2 should have that amount of homework, it still pisses me off. 
$C: Our school my son attends does this. Only requirement is you at least read to him 20 mins a night. Pretty nice! 
$C: If only, all my life i got shit for not doing homework because ot was pointless. It seemed like stuidying to me or extra help if you needed etc. Shouldn't be a grade. I always aced my tests and schoolwork, projects as well but the homework grade mixed in muddled my overall grade.  Will never not be salty about it,  schools want statistics not to better children's lives or educations.  You'll only ever find a select few teachers who do and go out of their way.  They probably get shit for it too
$C: after two years at the regular high school they shipped all us failing students to the alternative school where they had this policy. some died of drug overdoses, some dropped out, but a large majority of us graduated on time even tho we were all insanely behind on credits. that school changed my life and i would say a huge reason for it was because of this homework policy. hopefully every school picks this policy up. 
$C: I'm a French teacher and here it's forbidden to give homework unless it is lessons to learn
$C: Wish my kids elementary school felt his way, my daughter in second grade had at least 1.5 HOURS of work to do, ugh, with everything else going on 90 minutes was tough to carve out to help with homework. We did it but Christ was it a waste of time, she didn’t want to do it because she had been at school all day so her attention span was 0 and I’m guessing the same for her retention.
$C: How is this not standard practice? What tends to happen is you get, what,  6 classes a day, with homework from each. Due the same day. Takes 30 minutes for each assignment. 3 hours of homework on top of what they did at school. On top of extra curriculars. On top of chores, or hobbies. On top of hanging out with friends. On top of just being a kid. On top of trying to figure out what they want to do with their life.  Etc. Etc. 
$C: >Eat dinner as a family, read together, play outside, and get your child to bed early.

Other things that correlate with these things: being fairly wealthy.

Other things things that correlate with higher grades: being fairly wealthy.

Hmm...
$C: But there's still that one ***hole teacher that assigns you 4hrs worth of work..  
then you get to college and you get 4 of those teachers! 
$C: Lucky guys, my school's new rule this year was "if we see your phone in school we will confiscate it for 3 days, even outside of lessons"
$C: Gods plan
$C: The research shows that because a LOT of homework is busy-work used by old and/or lazy teachers.  Sometimes kids do need extra practice for difficult concepts, but that's the exception not the rule.  The only homework I've seen that was helpful was around studying for an upcoming test, because sometimes kids need a little more 1on1 than the teacher can reasonable do during the school day. 
$C: I'm a 5th grade teacher and we stopped assigning homework other than reading. Students don't need shit thrown at them, just developmentally appropriate bonding and the ability to develop study skills. Homework only improves academics in high school and post secondary education.
$C: Said by no teacher ever
$C: I call bullshit, bullshit, bullshit. 

I see this post every year.  The whole no homework thing is spread by lazy students, lazy parents and lazy teachers.  

I get them in high school and they can’t add, subtract, multiple or divide.  They have no homework ethic and are doomed in college without one.

I have 4 years in high school to do all the work that wasn’t done in K - 8.  


$C: I was in elementary school from 1988-93.  I rarely had homework and it was if it wasn’t finished in school.  This is mind blowing that districts haven’t figured this out yet. Kids need to be kids. 


But very backwards from where I live now - South Korea. Kids have hours of homework each day and go to after school classes like - math, science and English. On weekends - just study.... used to have school on Saturdays. Now- no they just shortened summer break to only 3 weeks..... 

It is normal for kids to be in school from 8 am- 6 pm in middle school and up to 10 pm in high school in required study hall.

Sucks but they rank the highest academically in the world but also have one of the highest suicide rates for high schoolers as well. Every leads up to the college entrance exams....


$C: Well THANK GOODNESS *someone* in this country finally got some damn sense. 

As put in that paper that “research has not shown that homework increases student success”, research in the Scandinavian countries HAS shown that NOT having hours and hours of extra work, but doing “normal” family things like eat dinner, go for walks, garden, play outside, etc. DO have an substantial impact on student success; as proven by their HIGH academic scores across the board. Couple that with the extremely high salaries they pay their teachers over there-the Norwegians, Swedes, and Finnish outsmart Americans by a LOT.
$C: As it should be!
$C: Shouldn’t the reverse be the same way? More than 1 hour of homework is too much. 30 mins enough. 

I also homework teaches other things besides checking for understanding. 

It can be used as a method for working towards something. When I was growing up my parents would say things like “No TV, video, games or going outside until it’s done and done right”
 
$C: Isn't it the same homework policy that was posted a year ago ?
$C: Reading all these comments makes me feel a bit better about only giving my students at most 10 questions a night Monday through Thursday. No weekend or vacation hw, and I'm a math teacher. 
$C: My dad was a math teacher for 30 years. The only homework he gave was whatever you didn't finish by the end of class. He always left more than enough time to finish. He would also write passes to those who wanted to use that free time for anything else. He was everyone's favorite teacher despite being a crabby bastard who made fun of all of his students. He is and was terrible at names so everyone had a snarky nickname.
$C: Fucking AP biology teacher made us do a leaf collection. A fucking LEAF COLLECTION.

He started us off by giving us a couple gimme's, by walking us around the school grounds, explaining all the qualities of the local trees. SPOILER: they're all shade trees.

I dunno where I'm going with this story. A few of us went to like, a tree nursery to get some leaves, and then I boned my ex girlfriend, who was supposedly dating my friend. She was kind of a shitty person.

Anyway: fuck homework, amirite?
$C: After having gone to school in both Holland and Canada, I can not support this enough. In Holland homework was rare and was never an extra task. Coming to Canada brought a shock where homework was explicitly assigned everyday. Lot less time for family and it's affects show in lots of families.
$C: Make this woman head of education in America. Please. 
$C: Yes^lit^nice
$C: Hey! We had this in school too! Except students made it up, not the teachers
$C: Now,  if only they start school later 
$C: This has been known for decades now, it's a bit sad that only now are there teachers willing to acknowledge and apply it, the future comes slower than expected.
$C: I, and likely many current students dealing with shit home lives as I did, appreciate this.
$C: Why cant High School be like this?
$C: Yeah some of my teachers do this. But the thing is, they just assign twice as much in class... "No homework" my ass. 
$C: You need to look at China.

They are going to overtake America.

They ALWAYS assign homework to their students, even during summer break. 

They push the fuck out of their students to succeed and that is why they are so much better at math than Americans.

Americans are lazy- down vote all you want, the truth hurts- Americans would rather watch TV and play video games than become educated.


$C: I don’t agree with this. School isn’t meant to be fun. It’s meant for learning and in order to do that you have to challenge the kids. I used to hate the homework and studying I had to do outside of school. As I got older I realized the importance of it and realized I probably would have never learned calculus without it. 
$C: Lol this is nice and all until these kids get to college and get wrecked and complain that it isn’t fair and wonder why they can’t succeed 
$C: I am trying to raise a 7 year old step son into a man and the outside world is making it hard for him to not be made out of play-dough as he grows up because everything is so watered down and sheep like and there is no failure or stress and I believe some of that builds character. There are good forms of it and homework was one of it.
$C: If my boss called me after 8 hours of work and gave 2 hours more work to do at home I would flip.
The idea that we think its fine for kids is crazy.
$C: That's insanely naive and irresponsible
$C: The only reason I disagree with this at all is because they’re gonna get homework no matter what in high school and beyond, for me I am glad I got used to it early
$C: I would have gained at least a full point on my high school GPA with this policy.  I always killed it on tests but couldn't be bothered to do busy work at home.   Getting an A on all the tests but not turning in your homework apparently means you don't understand the subject very well.
$C: "read together" is homework for early grade school so yeah, there's homework. It's just subtle. 
$C: Lol, so stupid. What is being done in class only scratches the surface, because this is the most you can do in an hour or so of talking on some subject. For something like literature or history it is impossible to avoid reading outside of class which naturally takes time, for STEM subjects you have to work your ass off to internalize concepts and not miss something subsequent material builds upon, as well. It is lazyass and cheap. Prove me wrong.
$C: Best idea ever. I don't bring my work home why would I force that on a child
$C: Enjoy community college kids :)
$C: The font would really make me question whether this actually came from the school.

$C: And this is why the education system is failing. Children need homework, and teachers need to grade it. 
  
  
What is the point of a lesson if it cannot be applied by the student by themselves. The point of homework is to challenge a student, and apply learning. 
  
  
This teacher is basically saying if theres no research, then theres no reason. Just because air is invisible doesnt mean its not there.
  
  
LAZY TEACHING
$C: Lmao this is stupid. 
$C: All homework ever did for me is lower my grades.
$C: I wish more teachers/schools were like this! Hopefully it'll catch on.
$C: Pic of fucking text
$C: It's big paper that's been flooding our schools with homework!
$C: Most homework I've ever had was assigned by teachers who were too incompetent to cover the material in class.  Wish I had a teacher like this, growing up.
$C: I love these completely unrealistic policies that don't fit into reality and how the real world works. In reality, we have deadlines and work assignments that must be completed or we could lose our jobs. Homework needs to be completed to ensure success, which models what students will expect. But let's keep coddling this generation and keep passing them along to the next educator.
$C: This is a HORRIBLE plan!!! Homework is a way to help students STUDY! Which absolutely DOES help with learning! Also, what do they think is gonna happen when kids get to college, and most definitely will have homework
$C: The dumbing down of society continues. What it really means is that we have finally reached the point where a generation of parents aren't smart enough to help their kids do the work.
$C: Doing HW definitely correlates to better grades in tests at least (and makes you more well versed on the subject.) So I sort of disagree with the teacher, but I do think you shouldn't drown students in hw. 
$C: Even if my high school doesn't have that rule, all if my teachers only give us that kind of homework. It's like an unspoken rule. 
$C: see mom my refusal to do homework before the 5 mins prior to class starting wasn't laziness, it was smart
$C: Love this and agree wholeheartedly. My wife is a teacher and she agrees. She teaches high school math, and when she gives homework she gives exactly five math problems. Why?  Because if you can do five you can do 50, and if you can’t do five you can’t do 50. 
$C: Families can make or beak a child's future. Full families are better

I'm interested in seeing how reddit handles this post
$C: I didn't even know there were schools that didn't do this. Every school I went to has done this, though they did enough class work that we pretty much always had homework anyways.
$C: FINALLY, COMMON SENSE IS BEING PUT INTO ACTION!!!!!!!!! 
$C: My algebra 1 teacher didn't believe in home work it was the greatest year of math in my life hands down
$C: And bring back recess! Not that that's the teachers doing. Stupid politicians. 
$C: Two to four hours of homework a night was the policy when I went to school. A half hour for every hour of school was the district policy. The first day of English class in nineth grade was a four page essay and I had three other classes that day. It was bullshit.
$C: Four day school weeks, zero homework, shortened days, failing school systems, declining school ranks for 50+ years...

Basically giving up on American children at this point. 
$C: I have a hard time believing that research has been unable to demonstrate a very strong, positive correlation between practice (which is exactly what homework is) and performance.
$C: [deleted]
$C: This has always been my HW policy.

Kids still don’t do it.
$C: Hey so I got this treatment pretty much through my entire academic career but I'm in Uni now and can't motivate myself to do work outside of class time. Help
$C: Am I really in the minority when I say homework for sure helped me learn? This is so jarring to me. Plus good luck not getting homework in college. Doing homework helps you get better at homework. 
$C: *Someone never heard of a confounding variable.*
$C: As a new teacher, this is my policy. Homework has no place.
$C: Oh nooo. Poor little kids. So overworked.   This is pathetic.  Teaching the kids bare minimum, to rush work and sacrificing quality. The point of homework is practice. Practice is what improves performance and understanding. Not to mention, a kids life, is really not that difficult to begin with. Very little responsibilities.
$C: She should also rethink her fonts policy.
$C: I love this
$C: Yes please
$C: Every single august we see this image.
$C: Sons teacher did this last year (3rd grade) we as a family very very VERY much appreciated this & he actually improved grade score wise over the previous year. 
$C: It's about time.
$C: Where are these teachers getting this generic script from? At the start of every school year recently, there has been a posts about this,  and it always says the exact same thing... Phrasing and all... 
$C: I wish they had this here in the dumpster of the world named... france
$C: Almost all of my teachers did this. I ended school in 2004.
$C: this is what homework generally always was for me from elementary through middle school. Mostly even high school.
$C: My Pre-AP Reading teacher does this. She only assigns things we don't either A. Finish in class or B. Get to in class. 

We also have to read some chapters of a book, but better than 3 pages of homework
$C: Not my school’s policy but my classroom policy. Science in class: we work hard and make progress. Then: Go home and experience the rest of life. 
$C: Cool. 
$C: Thats so awesome
She may have just began a huge trend for teachers!
$C: homework is what made me almost fail middle & high school (still graduated right on time though, thank fuck). i'm glad to see that now kids who can do amazing school work but can't do homework for shit won't have the same struggles i did. 
$C: Back in my day I did both.
$C: In Hungary It's the fucking worst. I was in a preparotary year last year in secondary school. This means that I had 20 english lessons a week. At the beginning of the school year they said that we must study as much at home as much we do at school. I got home from school at like 3 pm which meant that i'd been studying until between 9 and 11 pm. If i followed the teacher's "advice", my brain would be fried right now not to mention that we wouldn't get any free time nor time to eat. Luckily I love studying English so It's not hard for. That is why I studied home as much as I needed to. I wish i lived in a country with a better education system...
$C: I mean, it says that, but once they give you a workload that is impossible to finish in class, you’re just like, “Oh shit”
$C: All the high schoolers here must be ecstatic about this.
$C: Where was this shit when I was in school😡
$C: I started doing this my first year teaching. No parents ever posted my notes for Karma...
$C: I student taught for a teacher that did this and it was so awesome.  My only negative thought is purely out of selfishness, because I so wish this was the public school policy when I was a kid.
$C: I would've given my prepubescent left nut for this when I was growing up...
$C: Our children have only ever had unfinished class work for homework. All projects and science fair was done at school. 
$C: She should hold higher office.  WTF is homework really?
$C: Had a math teacher in Danish "high school" who did this. Guess who went from being terrible getting D's to being decent with consistent C's and the occasional B? Me. It improved both my attentionspan at school and life at home. I felt like I did no work but still managed to improve. Literally one of my favorite teachers.
$C: DON'T TELL ME HOW TO RAISE MY CHILD ^/s
$C: I was always assigned homework but never wanted to do it at home. I would find times during the day and just complete it all so I could have more time to do whatever I wanted while I was home. I think this a good step for schools to be honest.
$C: I‘m glad for the kids.  
They will achieve greatness in fields they chose themselfs.
$C: I never did homework either. I was right all along!
$C: This is so kickass.
$C: I assign HW purely as suggested practice and don't collect any. I let the assessments teach the students to be disciplined and to practice for the sake of improvement, as opposed to orders. I think that might be the high school math equivalent. However, the school day just isn't long enough to assign nothing after a certain level
$C: I hope they do this when we go back to school in England
$C: This makes me so happy. Lots of support for this teacher!
$C: "Now open your textbooks and read chapters 1-32."
$C: my school already does this except my econ teacher she’s doodoo
$C: I wish this would catch on in IL
$C: Rather.
$C: My kids school says they are a no homework school and kids just bring home what they don’t finish at school. 

In practice, for 6 years now our kids have had several pages of homework every weekday because now the teachers just have to assign it all as class work and the kids don’t have time to finish it all. 

Not to mention this particular school forces kids to complete 15 minutes of a program called iReady every day. 
$C: Uh oh, someone's had a little to much to think, time for a talk with the supervisors!
$C: The Fortnite font ruins it 
$C: Fucking hell, being a kid now is so much better.
$C: I would have kicked ass in school if this was the policy 
$C: That teacher is amazing.
$C: This is the policy of my son's school
$C: double the in class work tho
$C: The Japanese, Indians and Chinese might disagree. Probably been said earlier but I'm too lazy to look.
 
$C: Wonder how different my life would be if this was implemented while I was in school.
$C: What? No paperwork? This is Bullshit. Children need to do paperwork. They are practically build for it. 
$C: I teach high school Spanish. I stopped giving out homework other than study and prepare your vocabulary. Ive actually seen an improvement in student achievement.
$C: My teachers used to do this but conveniently forget to assign class work until the last 5 minutes of class. 
$C: I approve of this. Homework doesn't work. Especially as how fraught it is, taking the child away from other activities, and often enough adding a battle over homework to the home environment.

What I'd recommend is the school system instead provide each student with a deck of "thought provoking questions to discuss with your family" cards appropriate to her grade level (they're available commercially, cheap). Of course some families won't use them, but at least you offered it.

Or send a thought provoking question (the same one to each student) home every now and then, and briefly go over in class. This will also flag to you which families are ignoring the cards, and maybe you can compensate for that somehow, or nudge the parents, or something (dunno how, I am not an educator).
$C: This is interesting. 
$C: I walked into High School dreading hearing stories a multiple hours of homework per class, only to have every single teacher basically look up dead in the eye and say " I don't feel like grading your homework so your homework is what you don't finish in class." Then I remembered I'm a worthless loser and slept through every class anyway.
$C: Personally I think homework actually helps a lot. Maybe if it wasn't for a grade but rather it was something given by teachers for students to get that extra practice, there would be a happy medium met. I've had my ass saved way too many times by a problem on a math packet stumping me, I learned how to solve it, and then I saw 3-4 of these exact problems on the test I wouldn't have known how to do without the HW.
$C: I can only imagine how much better my life would have been without homework and all of that extra crap that doesn't actually help you learn anything applicable to daily life. Oh my god it would have been amazing. If I ever have kids I will make sure they get this homework-less experience while still attending school
$C: I'm happy this is starting to catch on. I hope homework is soon a memory. 
$C: How about, occasional homework instead of making a policy essentially banning it?

Also why is this lady telling me how to raise my kids?

Reminds me of Mobility Mary.

$C: I tried this with my parents. It worked for a while too but they ended up calling my parents thus ending the game. 
$C: While I support this method of teaching, I can't get behind younger kids (prek - 2ndish grade) never getting homework. I definitely don't think they should be overloaded as many teachers do, but I certainly believe getting some is beneficial. A book to read thrive the week, maybe a small sight word paper one night and math another night. Simple light work to keep them learning. It also helps keep the parents informed on where they are at. 
$C: Texas would be the last state to ever do this god they are hard with education it sucks dick
$C: ITT: Hundreds of pedagogical experts.
$C: Personally, I hate these policies.

1. Getting your kid to tell you what they are doing in school is like pulling teeth.  Helping them with homework is a great way to stay informed with what they are learning.

2. When they do have homework or have to stay in at recess (because they didn't finish) it feels like a huge injustice to them.  I'd rather them expect it every night and be excited when they don't have any.

3. I dread what it will be like when they reach middle school or high school and do have regular homework.
$C: I also had a no homework policy when in high school, it turns out I was a pretty progressive student.
$C: Some of the students I work with have to sign permission for their teachers to teach then and give tests/quizzes/homework
$C: And then they go to college where EVERYTHING is homework. 
$C: Unpopular opinion, but this kid will be in for a hell of a shock when he gets to college. 
$C: Not good. I was able to get by with good grades in elementary school with doing 0 homework. When you get to math class in high school you need to practice or you will do poorly. I had a rude awakening in high school because I had bad habits and never did practice at home. 
$C: Good luck learning math skills in elementary school without practice.  There’s not enough time in a school day to do all of the practice in school. 
$C: Never did homework as a kid.  Would always do it in the same class, a different class, or study hall.  Aint nobody got time for that.  
$C: High school teacher here. I do this too. Students love it.

I do want to add the part about spending time as a family and whatnot
$C: Meanwhile my third grader just got homework on her First damn day..ughh
$C: One of my high schools did something like this, the only classes that made us do home work were the language classes and Honors/AP/IB classes, all other classes just made you do work you didn't finish or offered homework as extra credit.

It also happened to be one of the highest ranked High Schools in the state (I think it still might be), so I'd say it's pretty effective.
$C: Home work is one of the main reasons I did poorly in school, if i ever have kids this will be my policy that I give to all of their teachers, evenings are for family, fun and independent projects like gardening as a family.
$C: As much as I hated homework, repetition and finding the answers on your own is extremely helpful to learning. Additionally, it helps kids learn to prioritize and learn to be independent and responsible. That's just me looking back.

I was a B+ student without doing homework or studying, and the lack of all that contributed to issues I had with college when I was on my own and the subject matter was not laughably easy. It builds on more than knowledge.
$C: I remember when I was in elementary school they tried to implement a similar policy. So many parents ended up complaining that my school went back to giving us homework :/ 
$C: My mother has been a teacher for most of my life (I’m 27). This has been her philosophy for her students for about ten years now. Her students regularly test higher than teacher who assign “traditional” amounts of homework, with higher morale and higher levels of participation in class. The parents of these children have even been able to see positive changes in their demeanor at home, and having stronger friendships and relationships with family. 

It’s almost like kids need time to be kids or something.  
$C: Schools in Asia: Homework will only consist of past-year papers for each of the 999 subjects you're taking, and dont forget you still have to learn a second language! 
$C: My son is in 4th grade this year and his two teachers have taken this approach, also. They also allow them to move freely around the classroom (they have exercise balls, bean bags, a couch, and a reading loft if they don't want to stay at their desk) and encourage them to spend time barefooted. They do ask they try to read 20 minutes a night which is totally doable and my son usually says he is going to finish the page or chapter he is on beyond that. It's made such a huge difference in his attitude toward school in just a few days.
$C: Sleep is probably the most overlooked yet important thing in a human life. It's like slapping a 500 buck graphics card in your computer and not bothering to make sure the power supply is right.
$C: Teacher of the year!
$C: *Teacher's

And your fuck your parent homework in stead of kid homework. JK.
$C: Is it me or is Spider-Man taking this picture upside down?
$C: What about optional homework? Some kids love learning as much as possible, while others use homework as creative outlet.
$C: FINALLY!

I grew up with a huge problem with authority. Hell, I still have that problem. I was always an intelligent kid otherwise. Aced all my tests, my school work was always way above average, so out of principle, I just didn’t do homework and spent my free time off from school pursuing my music hobbies instead.

Because of that, all my grades were normally C’s or D’s based solely on my anti-homework stance. A lot of my teachers even liked me and graded me on a curve sometimes since I kept my test grades up constantly.

Finally, on the last day of senior year, my acting principal for the year (who happened to be my 6th grade English teacher and had a bit of a vendetta against me) told me I wasn’t graduating because I had too many absences and I wasn’t keeping my grades up.

I had pneumonia my senior year... all my tests were still A’s.

Long story short, took my GED over the summer. Got only 1 single question wrong on the entire test. The state even rewarded me for scoring the highest GED test score in state history. 

Our public school system is so broken.
$C: This is the homework policy I followed in high school. 

They disagreed with my approach and gave me several detentions for it, but I stuck by my principles for my entire high school career. 
$C: I duno, that kinda confuses the motivation. 
$C: Jesus this would have been so nice. In high school I would get home at 6:30 from practice and regularly have 2 hours of work to do. I would be working in one way or the other from 7:20am to 9:00pm with lunch and dinner breaks. 5:45am when we had morning practices/lift sessions.
$C: The GOAT
$C: I just wish this kind of policy was around when I was in school. i would have averaged a full grade higher at least in every class.

I was notorious for not doing my homework and just getting by on test scores. classes where homework was weighted a lot I did poorly in.
$C: Wait, your asking me to actually spend quality time with my children? 
$C: We need a r/photoshopbattle to get the shawls out this pic. Yeah, cmon. 
$C: As someone who **never** did homework as a kid, because I decided to say fuck that noise, this woman is a saint. Homework is such a horrible waste of time.
$C: "Homework will consist of work that your student did not finish during the school day"

What the fuck was that idiot doing in class, that he/she wasn't able to finish their assigned work...?

Schooling people for future failure.
$C: This needs to happen at every school!  
$C: Single space after a period.... The latest controversial MLA format. 
$C: This isn't school wide, but half my junior year high school classes are like this.
$C: This is wonderful news. I can’t remember how many times everyone would be sitting eating together and I wouldn’t be allowed to sit with them till I finished. 
$C: Yeah..

Try this in an AP class. 
$C: I'm half Korean. What the hell is this crap?

I mean... I wish I had this crap...
$C: Why can’t this happen in high school.
$C: While I was student teaching, the freshmen (age 14) Biology teacher told me “If they take the homework home, it never comes back.  I must do it this way.  A grade of zero, or failing grades mean nothing to them.”
$C: I was a C and D student in high school solely because of homework
$C: That teacher needs to do some homework on fonts.
$C: My uncle and aunt got one of these from my cousin's elementary school. They f\*cking flipped. Older people won't understand this study.
$C: I was born in wrong generation!!!!!! This is too late! But glad it's being implemented now. 
$C: When I give an assignment it usually isnt a long one and they usually get 15-20ish minutes after the lesson to work on it. Most can be completed with time to spare. If they have homework it's because more times then not they were slacking during the end time. 
$C: I’m going to show this to every teacher I know
$C: No homework policies originated in socio economically disabled areas. Plain and simple. Students weren't doing their homework, teachers were failing kids, then administrators were getting fired due to lower graduation rates.

No homework policies are in place to keep student grades inflated and administrators from having to answer for low grades and high failure rates.
$C: I wonder how many parents were pissed when they got this feeling like they're being told "how to raise their child" and claiming they are insulted because of the insinuation that they don't take care of their child. 

I'm glad to see this though, because it's insane what some of these teachers do to their students with tons of homework, causing these kids to have no family time at night. 
$C: I found a progress report from yeeeears ago.

In high school chemistry, I had a 95% in tests and labs, and a 10% in homework. It felt pretty good to find that little slip of paper. Overall I had an 83% in the class. Exactly enough to keep my parents off my back.
$C: I need this at my school
$C: MVP

$C: having home work but barely sliding by without doing it or doing the least amount possible trained me to jump through the hoops that made me the man i am today. 
$C: I mean...I agree to an extent. Repetition does help. It's a number game. If I solve 1 problem and my buddy solves 10. He's probably more adept source of knowledge.
$C: The very best way to prepare kids for university is to pretend like university isn’t the way it is. This teacher is setting these kids up for failure.
$C: Haha my teachers like to say this in highschool but they just assign way more than is physically possible in class
$C: This was implemented at my son's school. All the parents were pissed off because kids would have too much time to do nothing. Fast forward to my son entering 6th grade middle school and now he's bombarded with loads of work and is in full crisis mode, all because they want to have kids not be pressured then turn around and nuke them with amount of work they arent prepared for setting them up for failure . I swear it is ass backwards. My point of view is fuck these kids feeling including my own kids make their asses and brains work 
$C: This is a new policy? This was how it was for me in my school career. You do school things at school, and home things at home. It's important to have a clear distinction between work and leisure early on in life.
$C: This is how it should be, and always should’ve been. 
$C: Thats almost the same policy for me 
$C: Repost, but a good repost 
Im 43. Ive never believed in summer homework.  I completely agree with this teacher.  Summer is a time for parents to be the teachers. 
$C: If my schools had implemented this, I could have gone to college.
$C: I want this teacher!
$C: Seems like something where some asshole above them will eventually step in and say typical homework is necessary. 
$C: > get your child to bed early. 

I try, oh how I try. 
$C: I got moved between 5 different highschools before I graduated. I was just so fucking stubborn and refused to practice something for hours after being at school all day when I understood it. I’d get good grades on tests but fail classes simply because I didn’t do homework.

The last school I went to didn’t give out homework and I graduated with like a 3.7 GPA and a couple months early.

It’s cool that we live in a time where stuff like this is becoming more common
$C: Where the @#$&? was this in my time.... I got packets... Son of a @$&#?
$C: I never understood homework. 

Why not make the school day like an hour longer instead of homework?

$C: You'd be shocked by how many parents absolutely hate this. They will actually go to the teacher and ask for special work just for their kid. They basically want busy work for them to do and want the teacher to make it.
$C: Pretty stupid rule in my opinion. Homework teaches discipline which is extremely important in life. 
$C: The last sentence is key irrespective of the homework policy.
$C: This is great. Unfortunately, there's always a couple of asshole teachers, usually the ones closing in on retirement who will teach for the entire 55 minutes leaving the kids no time to do the work in school, therefore, it's homework. 

Simply because they *can*.

Edit:  words
$C: Homework usually caused me to stay up late stressing out over finishing it, and then going to class tired, decreasing my performance
$C: Just more validating why I want to be a kid again. 
$C: "Spend more time sitting in the same room all staring at your phones but not talking"
$C: Nice that it changed but I wonder why all these years they forced us to do homework. Knowing once I'm at home I'm too distracted to do it
$C: I feel like I have seen this exact policy somewhere in elementary school, is this somewhere in Cali?
$C: I went to school 10 years too early smfh
$C: At my school it's not homework that is the problem. It is having 10 quizzes and 2 tests in one week, and extra curriculars... hell na
$C: I don't know why but this made me tear up a little.
$C: Wish I could go back to 1990.
$C: When my kids were in elementary school, they had maybe 10 to 20 minutes of homework a night. I liked getting a chance to see what they were working on at school, and I feel like it helped them learn good habits.  To me, it sounds like this teacher’s classroom is going to be more like study hall and bookwork. That’s not why I sent my kids to school.
$C: College will be rough for these kids, I reckon
$C: My school implemented a "no homework on Thursday" which meant a teacher could not not assign or make due homework on Thursday. It was in high school and it was a huge success. Kids who had extra curricular activities on fridays like Band or athletics loved it because they didn't have to worry as much about potentially missing class and it was a lot less stress on the students. The only people who didn't like it was the math department because they liked to assign problem sets every day. 
$C: Fuck yeah, evidence based practice!  
$C: As an former educator, with Dual doctorate degree, this is a change many of my colleagues agree with. I'm a psychiatrist so I see the ill effects of poor parenting daily.. Well 6 days a week
$C: This is honestly like the most wholesome thing I've read all day
$C: If I didn't have homework I would have done much better as a student. I actually wanted to do the work in class since I'm already there. It's probably a lack of motivation but I felt I learned way better in class than through homework.
$C: Oh...and we won't be giving anything but an "A" to your kids because research has proven that if they have good grades, they get into better schools.
$C: Spend your time shuttling them back and forth to countless sports and activities.*
$C: Where the hell was this 40 years ago??!!??

$C: We had this last year it was pretty good
$C: Homework is kind of like psych meds.  They aren't really for the person they're being given to but for the people who have to interact with them.  Homework provides a task for kids to do a couple of hours every day so parents don't have to do any of the other stuff listed.
$C: Yesss!! 
$C: What I would have given...
$C: I like the idea, I'm afraid of the font.
$C: As long as he doesn't end up writing in comic sans.. 
$C: Yeah, I would have Aced this lady's class
$C: What happens if they go to college?
$C: Even as someone who never liked homework, this sounds like a horrible policy.
$C: THANK YOU!
$C: Someone needs to try and convince my boss this. 
$C: *I was born too late for so much...*
$C: Since this letter is written from an academic perspective, I think it requires adequate citations to peer-reviewed papers.
$C: Teaching - You are doing it right.
$C: My kids usually get a list of spelling words to practice every week and then sometimes they get ab assignment to to do at home. Frankly I think it's bullshit to assign kids work for home in elementary school. If my employer gave me homework to do outside of work hours I tell them to shove it.
$C: Teacher - "Why aren't you doing your classwork?"
Student - "I'm just saving it for home."
$C: That teacher knows her shit
$C: Get that teacher an apple teachers love apples. 
$C: Teacher of the fuckin year.
$C: I told all my teachers this when I was little, and managed to graduate high school without ever doing a single homework assignment.

Homework is stupid.
$C: Back in 10th grade, thankfully all my teachers did that. Except the math teacher. No, instead she assigned 2 hours worth of homework daily.
$C: I'd like to see this verified. Studying absolutely makes a difference, I feel the issue correlates to the trivial workload they give students as homework. It's like, don't you think if they can answer five of the math problems they can answer all thirty? Either they can answer the five to your standards or they can't, making them do six times the workload doesn't improve performance for those that can do it and those that cannot need help ideally from a classroom setting. If you can customize homework based on what the student is struggling in but you've helped them work on it, maybe it will make a difference to see if they can do some. The trick is to not overburden them with such a huge load, see if they can recall what you've told them and also force them to use the knowledge in a different setting at a different time. 


This is too much work of course for what the teacher is paid and the workload they're already responsible for but just saying, homework absolutely can help if it actually is designed to actually help rather than what it has been for decades, just verifying the student's place in class. I feel the best homework I've gotten in school was the ones that involved activities with your parents but unfortunately, some kids don't exactly have a lot of time with said parents. 
$C: My maths teacher did something similar to this in my final year of school. He assigned us around five pages but tells us to do a maximum of 30mins of work since we had other classes' homework to do.

Love that teacher.
$C: 1000 upvotes
$C: Dumb
$C: My kids highschool started doing this last year.   The exception I've found is honors/AP classes.   But even then my oldest finished his honors math on the bus ride home last year (20ish minutes)
$C: See my school has implemented that first part, but they supplement it by giving students way more work than they could finish in one class making it so they get the same amount of work overall, making the policy redundant. 
$C: I wish, our school district would not allow this.
$C: This is how it was in most of my schooling before high school and even a bit in high school.
$C: When I was in high school most of my math and science teachers tried to give us a head start on homework so if we had questions we can ask in class instead of giving up at home and not having it completed the next day. 
$C: Congratulations and well done
$C: Parents are the reason children succeed or fail.  It's always been parents.  Not in every single case, but almost all.  Failing parents = failing kids.
$C: Lucky
$C: Kids are going to have it so easy that they’ll grow up to be complete failures 
$C: Teacher of the year.  Where were you in my school days?
$C: I loved getting homework when I was a kid. I would often work ahead if given the opportunity, and when I was younger, in my free time I would play school, and I  would do more homework.

When I got to high school, I tutored ESL kids and created and managed a tutoring program for AP students to help out other AP students with their homework. (Just doing my homework wasn’t enough.)

When I started college I had 28 credits already under my belt.

Now? Now I’m a comedian.

I still love homework, but I have to create my own structure and my own goals and deadlines. I love it. But for fun, sometimes I browse college curriculums and dream about going back to school to become a biologist so I can do homework all day.
$C: Yeah those hours being yelled at by my parents because i wasnt in bed due to hours of homework didn’t help me learn a damn thing.
$C: Ah, I remember this picture...when it was first posted like 1-2 years ago.
$C: How about not attending school :-D 


$C: Yay for the spell check, calculator, Google search, World of Tomorrow
$C: My problem right now is motivating students to do the work in class in the first place. I don't *like* giving homework, but I have to have some avenue for them to practice with since I can only see them 45 minutes a day. 
$C: I had a high school teacher that did this! She would show us how to do it first, somehow super quick and well-described, then set us free to do the assignment and ask for help if we needed it. Best teacher I’ve ever had and the only one I went to visit after graduation. Mrs. Chamberlain, you rock!
$C: That’s a good teacher!
$C: Pretty much be a parent and nothing less or more. 
$C: The elementary school I teach at implemented this policy after looking at a great deal of research. Parents absolutely freaked out. Now we're moving back to some homework solely because of parent complaints. It's ridiculous.
$C: Homework in bulk is my least favorite 
$C: Anyone else see awkward hand shadows?
$C: Thank god someone started to make sense 
$C: I went to an extremely strange elementary school. At the start of the year you were told all the things that you needed to do and it was up to you to do them.

There were certain lessons taught at certain times and if you weren't finished that section yet then you were expected to sit in on them.

We didn't have tests or exams other than the government ones but those were always crazy easy for everyone and we typically studied for them by teaching the kids a year below us.

Wow was highschool a big culture shock.
$C: in my old middleschool and highschool, homework was optional, it was like something you only did if you were struggling, and more than anything else if you were doing your homework and turning it in and still struggling it proved to your teacher you were atleast interested in doing well and they'd be more willing to help you.

When I moved, in most classes, homework was a requirement, and it was one of my most hated things about my new school (there werent many things I hated). However most of the teachers homework assignments were fairly light, so I cant complain too much. 
$C: Yeah then these kids hit college and are slapped with the cold hard truth that this no-homework ideology doesn't hold up perfectly and they get destroyed, because homework is not gonna get phased out in higher education any time soon.
$C: This pic was in my Facebook memories today from 2 years ago 
$C: Nice try Billy Johnson.
$C: And stop voting for Republicans.
$C: As a new teacher in Baltimore I support this. Homework is not proven to be useful, and often just creates resentment in students. Especially students dealing with trauma at home who have a lot more important things on their mind than worksheets at home (if they have a home). 

However, it's very important that students be reading at home! And right now we have a crisis of book availability in poor urban areas. There aren't any Barnes and Nobles in West Baltimore. So many of my kids just don't have a good way to get books at home. This is a problem we need to solve. I used to work for a non-profit literacy intervention program called Reading Partners who used to give students books after every lesson. We need something like that in normal classrooms. But idk how to get upwards of 30 kids books they want to read at least once a week. Hell, there aren't really even that many childrens books about children of color to start with. 
$C: Man, can I go back to school? Homework was the reason my grades sucked. I got mostly 100s on all my class work, and mostly forgot to bring all of my home work to class.
$C: Why does every teacher use comic sans on their printout?
$C: During my time in middle and high school, I basically treated my time outside of school as my own. I'd get off the bus and go grab my fishing pole, discgolf bag, and/or roller blade and go have fun.  Then do about 1/2 of the homework in the bus, home room, or between passing periods.  My teachers hated me because I'd do just enough HW to be graded.   I think I told my math teacher that I just wasn't going to do her busy work on my own time, that went as well as expected.  BUT fuck off if you want to dictate how I spend my time outside of the school, and especially fuck off to the teachers that purposely assigned projects to be due on the monday after the superbowl. 
$C: That would never fly at a high school 
$C: I can tell for myself. I get a lot of math homework, trigonometry and that stuff. I most of the times end up copying it
$C: I wish this was a fact when I was in school
$C: Where was this when I was in school? Ugh. 
$C: My school does something similar. Most homework freshman year is optional, and it's only mandatory if the student needs extra help.
$C: I didnt do homework anyway :)
$C: [deleted]
$C: I just didn't do the homework and worked hard when I was in class. The A's I had for test grades and the 0's I had from my homework grades balanced into usually a B average. 
I am ok with my method but I'm not recommending anyone do this, just thought I'd share. 
Now I'm in A&P school and actually put in the time for studying and going the extra mile and now I'm an honor roll student. 
Who woulda thought? Lol
$C: This is from [at least 2016](https://twitter.com/gma/status/768413755852124160) 
$C: This is great.  I had 3 standout teachers from 7th through 12th grade who threw so much work at their students to do outside of class that it took a tangible toll on my life and my familie's lives.  

Two of them were math teachers.  One assigned a huge amount of book work, and then capped the year off by assigning a 30 page report and project around geometry, due in 3 weeks.  I put about 40 hours into that and I didn't even finish it.  2/3 of the class didn't show up the day it was due. 

The other would assign HUGE amounts of book work, like 70+ questions a swing, then to grade them he'd pick 3, and only grade based off those.  So you'd do 70+ questions of work, and if he picked even one at random you got wrong, instant D.  

The third was a failed math teacher turned failed physics teacher.  You'd have to go home and reteach yourself everything because she didn't understand it.  

I was miserable the whole year I had to deal with those people.  
$C: Mrs. B. I want to kiss you and to bed you.
$C: r/madlads
$C: That would be a problem here in Australia, with the increase in migration from Asia and India there are now more after school "schools" and private tutors than you can jump over.

The selective schools are full of kids from cultural backgrounds that believe nothing is more important than high grades, universities are so competitive you need 98 or 99% to get into law or medacine, even getting an accounting degree required marks in the 90's.

The days of Aussie kids playing sport and generally being kids are pretty much over, to do well a minimum of 2 or more hours per night all through high school is required if you want a tertiary education.
$C: I have been an advocate of this since my son was born. As a child I spent hours at the dinner table languishing over homework my parents couldn't help me all that much with. I cried so much at that table until bedtime.
 I am not a teacher by trade; I should not have to help teach or facilitate classroom lessons after my child comes home from school on a daily basis. I have other things to be teaching him...like how to do laundry, wisely use credit cards, change a flat tire, our family history or how to cook a basic meal...ect. I need time to cuddle him, break bread with him and get to know him as a person. Home is home and school is school. 
$C: I went to a continuation school for my last two years of high school because I lacked credits to graduate. They didn't assign homework, and since I usually did my class work, my grades went up. The no homework policy is fantastic, and allowed me time to be me. 
$C: Homework was supposed to be a way for slower kids to keep up with the rest of the class. You learn at school and then practice at home. If you don't get it you practice more. In reality, it's the faster kids that end up doing homework as busy work and the slower kids don't bother and end up even further behind.
$C: My heroine.
$C: This was how my private elementary school did work. They also just wrote all the work on the board at the beginning of the day and there were just times when the teacher would explain things for the students that needed it.
$C: This school must not compete for high ranking PSA scoring. 
$C: I legitimately wouldn't have dropped out of high school if we'd had a policy like this. I just thought it was ridiculous that I should spend 3+ hours a night doing homework, when I could be doing literally anything else with my time.

Got my GED, went to college, everything worked out just fine in the end, but damn did I hate high school.
$C: That was always my personal policy when I was in school. I never did homework at home.
$C: Wow. Finally. 
$C: All the classes that I got the most out of, this was the case
$C: Wish I lived near this school lol
$C: I dont know why but this made me feel pretty emotional. Probably because college is stressful and I miss my mom
$C: What school is this?
This popped up on my thread as “my current location “
$C: Outstanding.  
$C: Man, I really wish this was the policy while I was in school. I had no problem with assignment grades on things I did in class and tests, but I *always* struggled with homework. There were just so many other things going on in my life by the time I got home. I failed an algebra class because the teacher only did tests in class, otherwise it was daily 100 problem assignments for home. Not happening...
$C: GOD DAMNIT YOU CRAZY KIDS! BACK IN MY DAY WE USED TO HAVE TO DO HOURS OF HOMEWORK! UPHILL BOTH WAYS!
$C: My kids high school days were awful. There were times my kids would get as little as two hours of sleep, and on a couple of occasions non at all. They should at least come up with a system where core subjects have designated homework nights so students don’t end up with 3 hours of homework in 6 classes on the same night. 
$C: In my house growing up, family time and homework time were one in the same.
$C: > In this article, research conducted in the United States since 1987 on  the effects of homework is summarized. Studies are grouped into four  research designs. The authors found that all studies, regardless of  type, had design flaws. However, both within and across design types,  there was generally consistent evidence for a positive influence of  homework on achievement. Studies that reported simple  homework–achievement correlations revealed evidence that a stronger  correlation existed (a) in Grades 7–12 than in K–6 and (b) when students  rather than parents reported time on homework. No strong evidence was  found for an association between the homework–achievement link and the  outcome measure (grades as opposed to standardized tests) or the subject  matter (reading as opposed to math). On the basis of these results and  others, the authors suggest future research.   
>  
>\- Abstract of Does Homework Improve Academic Achievement? A synthesis of Research, 1987 - 2003

I know the research is behind paywall as they typically are. This [time](http://time.com/4466390/homework-debate-research/) article talks about it as well.

Personal anecdote: I definitely have done better when I did do homework than when I have not (in university). Imo, for older students, homework can teach more than just subject matter, such as work ethic, teamwork (for project based hw). However, for elementary kids I would definitely think there are more important aspects they can grow in. FWIW, I hated homework throughout my life but started understanding the value of it as I grew older (esp uni days)
$C: Alleluia!!!!! Student Teacher here in full agreement!
$C:  Had a 5th grade teacher who did this.  Always assigned more work than could be done in class, too.
$C: So here's the issue, I really don't like school because of my teachers' policies so when I read this, the name turned into Mrs. FuckAss so I'm sorry OP but my twisted self has become a FuckAss not your post
$C: Lucky them, i wish i had this
$C: In high school, many a night was spent with me on the phone with my dad, for 3-4 hours while he tried to help me understand my math homework, usually after that I’d still have other homework to do but by that time it was usually 10 or 11 at night so I’d say fuck it and either not do it or just half ass it and go to bed.
$C: Irrelevant, never did homework. Was assigned homework. But never did it.
$C: Fucking amazing
$C: If only this was introduced when I started school. So many hours lost to doing boring and useless homework tasks after school and on weekends when I could have been playing sport or video games with friends and family. It’s actually a bit depressing to think about.
$C: Yeah this sounds good, unless in my experience the teachers just give you an exorbitant amount of work to do in a time frame so small that completing the work is just unattainable.
$C: My school tried implementing this in some classes in secondary schools and people still managed to not do any work in class and then complain about all their homework but I could see this working in primary fairly easy ( I didn't know what homework was in primary BC it just didn't exist so I guess it was similar)
$C: My child had this last year.  I liked it and so did she.  However, this year homework is back.
$C: Most of my kids teachers are doing this as well this year. Or what little does come home usually takes them no more than 10 minutes. It makes life so much better that I don't have to ride their backs to do homework but instead can actually plan things. 
$C: Some of my teachers did this too. 

We simply assigned two people from our friends to finish the work in class. 

And then they would pass us the answers afterwards. 
$C: I would have gotten straight freaking As if they did this at my school. 
$C: I always did pretty well in school but always got into trouble for not doing homework.
$C: This makes more sense and i think children will better from it. 
$C: My high school got rid of almost all their homework. Then they just assigned 6 page papers as "classwork" and said we had at most x days to finish.
$C: This is the right direction, nice to see a solid idea for change in the way things are done. I’m curious to see if this were done longterm,what the results would be. 
$C: That's crazy. As a student that's mind boggling considering at my school they shove homework down our throats and tell us it's good for us. 
$C: This is my theory as a teacher. They won’t do the homework anyway. Gotta choose your battles.
$C: Finally!
$C: Proven to correlate sounds so weird to me.
$C: When I was a kid a teacher tried to do this. A group of parents complained and ruined it for everyone. Fucked up my 4th grade dammit.
$C: Been doing this for 5 years.
$C: The high schools in my town have been doing this since 1996 - When I called them to ask why my kids had no homework I was told "The teachers spent most of their class time dealing with uncompleted assignments and calling parents who never made them do it anyway, so we stopped assigning it."   End of story   - Rather depressing news, but I saw their point.   

$C: While we can always look at cultural stereotypes as far as study habits, the fact is that there are examples of both ends of the spectrum both with success but in varying ways.

The last time I checked, some of those forced to do too much aren't exactly the most social people either, do all you care about is financial success in life? Do we want even more robotic zombies with their heads down in their phones or laptops with zero social skills? 

How about we find that balance where in Elementary school they aren't given any, start adding maybe a half hour of practice/recap type homework in middle school, and maybe an hour once in high school? 

We keep kids in school plenty of hours, there should be time at the end of the day for doing "homework" while also having a teacher there to assist, if the school itself is done right then they should not have to do homework until they choose STEM or other specialty/trades work related to their own passions later in high school. It seems like every single topic these days is discussed as only a black or white exists, I don't get it...
$C: We did that here in my county. End of the year reading scores and school grades dropped dramatically. Our super is now backpedaling and claiming she never told teachers to not give homework. It's a total lie.
$C: One of the many reasons we moved my kids to a charter school outside of our neighborhood. Every room has a personal library, classes are mixed grade, they teach outdoors as much as possible even in rain and snow. It's wonderful.
$C: Amen!
$C: If only every educator could understand this
$C: I've been doing this as a teacher since I began, I'm so happy it's becoming more common place. Kids don't need homework, they need other activities to help build a positive educational experience. :)
$C: Teachers also benefit from it not having to grade depending on the class size 30 or more papers
$C: Can she become my college teacher? Haha
$C: In college my final semester of my associates degree I had too many classes, was working full time time....but I had downtime between classes.

I did every assignment in class, and I'd just stay there and finish.

That semester I have hit high honors. 
$C: My kid's school doesn't have homework. They have a passion project they work on each semester, that they need to work on outside of school. They get to pick the topic and can choose how they do the project- volunteer, learn a new skill, create, or teach the class about their passion.  If they are falling behind in academics they will recommend extra practice on certain things. My kids are so happy and we do a lot of outdoor play and adventures and are exciting about projects they work on. 
$C: What a good teacher
$C: When I was in Jr. High, almost 3 decades ago, a "motivational speaker" was brought in, and his declaration was "more homework is the key to success".

What I learned is that, even though I was better at math than any of my peers, as far as I knew, I hated it. I hated doing problems over and over and over, when I had understood it from the beginning. So, I decided that must be what STEM careers consisted of, and went into the humanities, instead. 
$C: This is a good teacher.
$C: The missing context: The research in question applies to elementary school students. The opposite applies to secondary school students:

http://www.sedl.org/pubs/sedl-letter/v20n02/homework.html
$C: Nice
$C: My teacher makes us sit in silence for 10 minutes because we are not alowed to do homework in school.
$C: I wish! Tried doing this and parents complained. 
$C: At my school we have 3 hours of homework a night 
$C: I wish... I wish😔
$C: I wish I had more upvotes to give this.
$C: This is encouraged at my middle school in Colorado. Also the kids are not given A-F anymore, rather are graded on a rubric whether they have shown competency in performing a certain skill (e.g. an effective persuasive argument, a certain math function, effective analysis of historical documents). If a kid doesn’t turn things in, their competency doesn’t suffer but showing effective work habits can be scored lower, which affects eligibility in sports and clubs. It’s a change for sure...
$C: My siblings have no homework all year round they aren’t the smartest bunch. I believe some homework is needed but not a shit ton that you are drowning in it and it cost 30% of your grade 
$C: That’s dope
$C: Damn
$C: Jesus. Welcome to Mount Anecdotal Evidence. 
$C: I think OP needed a bit more homework...
$C: As someone who stopped doing homework in 10th grade for these very reasons I wholeheartedly agree with this.  
$C: Oh my God, they finally get it. They finally fucking get it!
$C: Where the fuck was this approach 20 years ago?
$C: God damn where was this 20 years ago when i never did my homework in first grade
$C: How is this low quality image of text getting so many upvotes???
$C: Wow, I feel so robbed.  All the time....Ouch...
$C: Finally. Wish they'd figured that out 40 years ago. 
$C: SCHOOL DISTRICTS HATE HIM!!! But then again parents will lose a disciplinary/authority card without homework 
$C: hmm.. i hope this diesnt backfire
$C: I guess I'm lucky based on this thread that I rarely ever had homework in highschool. When I did it was enough that I could finish it in study hall right before lunch. I had friends in the same classes complaining about hours of homework when they get home. They ended with a 2.7GPA and I left with a 3.9GPA. Not sure what the difference in our experience was.
$C: This needs to be everywhere. 
$C: OK, OP.  Clearly you didn't finish your work on correct use of apostrophes during the school day and now you have homework.

This is the homework policy of the teacher, so it is the Teacher's Homework Policy.
$C: Yeah i had all the teachers that were like "expect 2-3 hours of homework every night!"

So i didnt do it because at 14 i could already tell that shit is unhealthy and unfair with 7 class periods of work.

(Got As on tests, used work experience to get into a decent tech job)
$C: This was my policy, but this year my principal mandated homework. I am going to count something that has been proven to improve student growth...reading with an adult at home. My parents will initial that they read with the child and that will count as homework completed. I teach second grade. 
$C: Reading this while doing homework :)
$C: Holy shit, this is all my childhood dreams coming true. 22 years too late.
$C: Eh if I was a student in high school I would want homework. Technically my math homework is optional but I do it 100% of the time. If I don’t I fail. For elementary kids I’d agree, they don’t need homework, but for difficult classes, especially ones that you have to work problems in like an STEM class, kids need that homework.

I don’t like doing homework but I also don’t like failing so...
$C: My son's school just implemented this. I really like it so far (week 2). As a student I would do my homework in class so I could have the afternoon off. I fully support this system, let a kid enjoy being a kid a couple hours a day, it only happens once. 
$C: I did this in 2008! Shitty part was we still got a lot of work in class to finish outside of class
$C: As a school teacher, I’m supposed to say that homework is important.  In reality, homework was never effective at helping kids.  Although our district required homework, my policy was different.  Students had 3-5 math questions to do at home. The assignment could be easily finished in 5-10 minutes.  I just wanted them to be responsible for completing a task.  In my parent letter, I explained my reasoning for my homework policy. I told parents that their kids were going to work very hard all day and I wanted them to rest and enjoy family activities.  I gave the example of a construction worker being outside and working for 10 hours and coming home to have his wife ask to put up some cabinets...that is the last thing he would want to do.  The only exception was for kids who WANTED more homework.  They would get “overtime” bucks for doing more than they had to.  In the end, more than half of the class would do extra work.  My class learned the value of working hard!
$C: teacher of the century 
$C: No shit, ill never understand why my kid has 1-2 hours of homework every night after being at school for 7 hours.
$C: Where was this teacher when I was in middle school?? FFS
$C: Really depends on the situation.  If you're in a community/school district where the average parent can be trusted to actually spend time doing other beneficial things with their children, sure, cut out the busy work and have kids learn through family interaction.  If the average parent of a child in your school district will just be glad they don't have to help their kid out with homework because of this then this isn't gonna help at all.  Hopefully Mrs B did actually did do appropriate research as pertaining to her situation, not just came across some random article about how homework isn't proven to correlate with higher test scores.
$C: Im almost 30.

This is the first time Ive ever realized that homework meant "extra work" to some places. Its always meant "what you didnt finish in class" to me
$C: The high school I work at has never had homework. It's pretty much a school policy. There is in class work and if you decide not to do it in class then it's up to you to make it up but there is never anything assigned to do at home... Unfortunately the students don't realize how good they have it most of the time
$C: This is generally my homework policy in my class. But really, the students who don't finish assigned work in class are generally the ones who are definitely not goin do it when they get home, or care about not having it done the next day. But this is middle school not elementary.
$C: Maybe I was privileged and went to a well-organized school but my homework was instrumental in synthesizing knowledge and preparing me for college. I can’t imagine retaining or mastering concepts without practice or application at home. 
$C: I'm in ait in the army. I spend 8 hours in class and still have homework. 
$C: Soon we'll be saying "back in my day we had to do school work at home" 
$C: Go figure. I'm 32 now and still have memories nightmares of having to do stupid math homework when I was young. 
$C: As a high school senior, I can safely say almost no one in high school ACTUALLY does all of their homework legitimately. It’s essentially useless at this point anyway. Smartphones have made high school so easy lol.
$C: , I teach chem and I disagree. There is mixed messages out there about the effectiveness of hw but from personal observation students who earnestly do the homework themselves do much better in class. Why I would think hw doesn’t work is the fact many kids copy these days and just google answers which prevents students from understanding and practicing the process of equation writing and solving. M

I believe a lot of the struggle to do with unfamiliarity of the scientific language (I liken it to learning a new language) and only way to get better is through practice so basics such as reading chemical equations and identifying patterns becomes second nature and the course as a whole becomes easier and more manageable. The only solution to no homework I see is to teach it slower, but are most kids going to benefit from 2 years of chemistry? I think not. 

And orgo- if you don’t practice and study you will fail. You can’t just rely on the one example the professor drew on the board and take it to the exam. 

People can debate about this day in and out, but at the end of the day, as long as chemistry is taught, there is pretty much a requirement for hw. 
$C: That teach is the 🐐
$C: This is the way we do it in most of toronto im pretty sure.
$C: No homework is a bad idea. Parents need to be involved and up to date on what your kids are currently studying. Past two years one child has had no homework, and I’ve desperately tried to be involved with her class to no avail. Now she’s two years behind going into junior high and she has to have private tutoring. 
$C: Maybe I wouldn't have failed so many classes if they got their head out of their asses sooner. I always refused to do any homework, the second I was out of school I was done with boring horseshit for the day. 
$C: Plot twist: a lazy teacher trying to get out of grading homework.
$C: Every child in Singapore is crying.

Source: lived in Singapore when younger and holy shit it’s competitive 
$C: Wow. This is the way it should be. Teachers that work hard. 
$C: Most parents aren't going to do what the note says because most parents are still on the commute from work. Kids are just going to go home and veg out playing fortnite and watch stupid shit on youtube.
$C: fuck why cant they have this in high school 
$C: As a high school math teacher, this truly is a great idea for elementary schools UNLESS these students get to me and can't do anything more challenging than dividing whole numbers using a calculator, which I fear is going to be the result. 

I live in Massachusetts, number one in education in the country, and my students can't do basic math. It's heartbreaking and frightening.

Not-so-fun fact: in my experience (masters program, AP seminars, department meetings, etc.) most of the time when teachers discuss cutting back on homework, it isn't for our students' benefit. It's for ours.
$C: Where was the teacher when I was a student?
$C: I like this. (I have 2 third graders) my kids spend way too much doing homework after school. Also a ton of online homework. 
$C: Was my daughters 3rd grade teachers policy last year as well. It was her most successful year of school so far. She seemed to be much more comfortable and focused without the added headaches of homework
$C: Ah well, I guess kids not doing any work or having any responsibility will teach them a great life lesson for when they go to highschool and fail at life from there. We are screwed.
$C: Fucking dammit. I’m missing out
$C: I live in Asia. We get classwork and homework so if we can't complete the classwork in time we have to do it at home along with the homework. I have to use most of my free time to complete the homework and classwork and the other time to study for other stuff that I'm doing. 
$C: I teach 8th grade math. If you work hard in class, you will never have homework outside of studying for a test every few weeks. These kids have enough on their plate. Plus, if they make a mistake, then repeat it 50 times at home, it's now embedded. Some teachers asign homework because they feel like they must. That's bullshit.
$C: Good 
$C: Is the research thing true?

Is this strictly for grade school?

I’ve seen quite a few studies showing a correlation between homework grade and class success at the college level. Mainly for math and science type classes though where repetition and exposure to the material helps a lot.
$C: I remember something like this last year. This is awesome 
$C: I switched to a school from highschool that gave us six, 1 hr classes (instead of eight or nine, 30 or 40 minute  classes with homework in each one)so we could do "homework" at school and in class. It was so much better and I wouldn't have graduated HS nor would most students there without a deal like this! I hope the kids appreciate this teacher as much as I did back when. Keep school at school lol. 
$C: Here is a link to some research by John Hattie. He is kind of a big deal for teachers. His team conducted meta analysis which found that homework has an 'effect size' of 0.29 (an effect size of 0.4 is the average). This is just for Primary though, with Secondary School homework having an increased effect size of 0.64. 

So it does have an impact, but it is towards the bottom of a long list of things that are a better use of teachers' limited time. Here is the research list...

https://visible-learning.org/hattie-ranking-influences-effect-sizes-learning-achievement/



$C: i wish i had this teacher.
$C: Repost
$C: Finally, they get it.
$C: Wish my school was like Finland. They just increased the rate. You have 12hr/week.
$C: This teacher has the right idea.

I was visiting my sister in the Philippines, I lost my shit when her 4 & 5 year old kids came back with homework.

There is something severely wrong with the curriculum if kids that age have assigned homework to do. (Granted it was just a page or two of coloring work and about a page of math)
It made zero sense to me and felt like homework for the sake of homework. It doesn't really reinforce anything learned in school and sure as hell doesn't involve them expanding their knowledge or improving their understanding. Just rote memorization.

What these kids couldn't have done this in school? You rather they have to drag this home, maybe forget about it till the next morning and then go into a panic frenzy trying to finish up the work?
$C: Lol I had classes that said that. Guess 2hat they assigned anyways?
$C: My nephew did this several years ago and his class performed beautifully. He continues to do this. 
$C: School was always so stressful for me because I had to keep coming up with reasons why I didn’t do my homework.  
$C: I forgot about homework... literally nothing I did at home stuck with me after school, the best thing I ever did was get a job where I can leave it all there until the next day 
$C: My High School did this.. 

Edit: I went to a very very small private school though
$C: In high school i had an algebra teacher who spent the class complaining about how his wife wasn’t putting out. i didn’t learn a single thing. got an F. 
two years later after repeating algebra i was placed in advanced geometry. The teacher was notorious for being horrible and failing kids. turns out those kids were just pieces of shit. Because that teacher was a peach. She taught the lesson in ten minutes and gave us the rest of the time to do the assignment and ask any questions we needed to. I aced every test because she actually taught me. I got 100% in her class. She got an A out of one of my idiot brothers too, probably the only A he ever got. There were kids in the class who failed, but trust me, it was because they were assholes. I had the kind of home life where homework was out of the question. That teacher got it. Sounds like this one does too. 👌🏻
$C: Can someone please point me to the research that supports this?  I'd love to give it to my daughter's school.
$C: I would have gotten an easy A in all of my classes if we had this during any year of my schooling

homework is such an awful idea
$C: This teacher really needs to talk with my professors, when can I set that up? 
$C: I'm a teacher in the Midwest. 5th/6th. I have a no-homework policy. 

The only work they have to do at home is writing they didn't finish in class. 
$C: This isn't new. My wife had been doing this for nearly a decade with her 3rd grade classes.
$C: Fake
$C: Everyone just copy of the smart kid in class anyways. 
$C: This is refreshing. It is pointless. As is long class times. I hope the school my future children attend does this
$C: My daughter’s teacher does this. I got the exact same note. You live in Tennessee by any chance OP?
$C: ["Where is the closest CLC?!?"](https://youtu.be/q3fi2XKXgEk)

Fresh of the boat. 
$C: Can confirm homework is useless. Never did any. Now look at me, day drinking at a dead end job. Seriously though good for this teacher. If the teacher is hands on enough they don't need homework to tell which students are grasping concepts and which aren't. 
$C: Where the f**k was this 15 years ago?
$C: Seems kinda like BS, I paid attention in math class, but the homework is where I really honed my skills in it. But I'm referring to calculus, so it might be different? Doubtful though.
$C: AMEN! We’re not even in the top 10 in education anymore and our illiteracy rate is above 10%, yet we refuse to change the school systems. Again amen and hope the best for this teacher that is trying to make a change! 
$C: Bet they don’t teach math. Homework is where 90% of the learning comes into play. 
$C: well that's wholesome.
$C: Cue microwave dinners in different rooms, staring at phones, video games until midnight....
$C: Apostrophe homework needed.

&#x200B;
$C: I had this during one year of my life- 3rd grade. Mr Gerber implemented this rule and he was the smartest teacher I had until college. I learned so much more that year and had so much more passion for school when I would be rewarded by actually working hard during the day.
$C: Millenial teachers rock haha
$C: now maybe try this shit for college. i understand having problems to practice, but these fucking 3 page essays, lab reports, and 10-20 cal II problems every 2 days is fucking ridiculous

i love having problems to practice before the math exams and such, but having mandatory homework is pretty bullshit. i can understand having optional homework to keep your grade up too or at least having it provide bonus points on the exam too. id fail some of these classes without practicing.

 in physics, we had a lab report every week, a quiz every day except monday, and roughly 100 homework problems for the unit. the exam would be on 5 random homework problems so you’d have to work each homework problem at least 3 times each to do well on the exam
$C: Yep, ours said pretty much the same thing. But they stressed playing outside as being homework! 

Kinda sad it has come to that. I rememeber wanting to do nothing more than play outside. 
$C: Teacher want to get drunk on wine and not have to worry about grading 1+2 = 6 papers.
$C: I wonder if students will try harder to finish their work in class. I know I would have. I used to work on my homework in between classes and at lunch unless it was something I really needed a better environment for like doing a research paper or something. 
$C: Not doing homework was the only reason I didn't get straight A's every year. I wish I could travel to now when I was a kid.
$C: I think excessive amount or difficult homework probably doesnt improve performance but homework in general?! thats like saying if i read twice as many books i wont have the memory of twice as many books or that practicing guitar for 100 hours doesnt improve you any over 50. The quality of the practice is far more important than the actual time but assuming the quality of study is decent, how would not help?! 

If you get through 4 lessons of math during the whole day, 2 at school and 2 as homework. Wouldnt it then take the class 1 year to finish the class with no homework compared to a semester with homework?! 
$C: My 12th grade chemistry teacher once told me to write down detailed answers for all 4 chapters in organic chemistry, 3 times , in one night. Indian high school teachers don't take shit from anyone
$C: With how bad I struggled with the amount of homework I got as a kid, this makes me want to cry. So happy the kids get some relief.
$C: One of my elementary school teachers had a policy like this.

My dad made it a rule that I got a spanking for each piece of homework I brought home.
$C: Doing homework?

 Nah. 

Spending time after school to actually understand the topic and be prepared for the test? 

Hello yeah.

Too bad you realize this way too late.
$C: Wow what a *whacky boingo crazy concept!!*. Now you just need to spread the word to all those other countries our there in the Non-US so everyone else can learn as well!

/s as the rest of the civilised world learnt this a looong time ago.
$C: Where the fuck were you when I was in school?
$C: Where was this teacher when I was a kid?
$C: Let's be realistic. Things that correlate to success = more time to play Fortnite.
$C: Life is full of arbitrary hurdles and hoops you must jump over and through. Homework helps prepare students for this later in life. 

If your boss or some government agency makes you do something, and you go, "Well I have this study that says your methods are not effective," you're shit out of luck in most cases.

If the teacher doesn't want to do their job and assign homework, then I'll do it. You can bitch about homework all you want, but it should be done. 
$C: My old school district started this about 6 years ago. All they do is give out more work during the day. Some teachers like crunching a lot of work in a week and I hope this isn't the case for these students. 
$C: I thought this was what homework has always been? Teachers actually assign their students extra work? 
$C: I totally agree with this, but... think in grade 11, 12 kids should be given homework to prepare for college; university.  where the learning is more self directed. 
$C: My school too! Awesome policy. 
$C: 
This wouldn't happen to be in Texas area.. that pic looks strangely similar to one our song got last year in first grade.. Down to the cross out what looks to be a  "P" lol
$C: I'm glad people are actually looking into other ways to motivate and teach children. I specifically left school because I had a mental breakdown with the amount of homework I was given while sick for a few days. I had 5 classes a day and 10 in total which would swap on and off every day. I always had multiple hours of homework a night without breaks. I got extremely sick with the flu for 2 weeks and when I came back they expected everything done within 2 days... I'm not kidding you 2 days so one day for 5 classes the other day for the other 5 classes. They blamed me for not having asked for the homework while I was sick/not telling them ahead of time that I would be gone. I was only in the first half of 9th grade. The way students slave away at busy work vs actual helpful homework is ridiculous and needs go be changed. I'm very happy for whoever this teacher is because she fucking gets it and those are the kind of teachers we need to continue mentoring the new generations to come.
$C: Your teacher (or probably your kids, or siblings teacher) gets the first upvote I've ever given to a post. I'm sure knowing this will make her feel like she has finally made it. 

Seriously though, good on her. That's awesome. Sad that a majority of parents won't do these things, and if they're anything like my father would just make me do some kind of school work on my own. But really cool that she's trying something new. 
$C: Should've done your homework. It's "Teacher's".
$C: This sounds smart and I have no reason to doubt it will work; this teacher appears very sensible.   Butn I did a semester of student- teaching with 10th graders in a school district were they had NO homework at all for middle school(6th-9th grade), due to parent complaints.   It was kind of a disaster.

I worked with an honors class and an on-level class.   Even the honors kids had terrible trouble completing homework.  Their big homework project was read 1 novel during the entire semester,  they had like 5 novels to choose from, including a classic or two and at least a couple popular young adult novels.  Just read 1 book in four months.   I would say less than 10% of the honors students were able to read a novel by the end.   (Also, every Friday was 'read all class' day, so could have easily been completed in school).  

What happened is, whenever you do something you program your brain to be better suited for that task.  After four years of zero homework, the kids had no ability to be productive in their work.  I worry about entering college or job market after being reared in a school like this one.  
$C: Teacher should have assigned OP an English homework assignment
$C: Reddit loves this kinda shit.
$C: This is basically how my schools worked up through grade 12. Rarely were we assigned actual homework and if so, we had more than the one night to finish it. Mostly if we had ‘homework’ it was just what we didn’t finish in class. 

I’m the combination of lazy and smart that meant I always finished my work in class or study hall with minimal effort, and I never studied for tests either. I was woefully unprepared for university, but the homework policy was not the problem. I’d have found a way to slack off regardless, and honestly uni is so different that the study/work habits you gain in high school aren’t really applicable. 

$C: Based on the last sentence, I’m assuming this is elementary school. Pretty sure this is where research has been shown that a no homework policy is beneficial. My son’s teacher last year (1st grade) did the same thing, and it was awesome. He still absorbed a ton of info, scored high on tests, and most importantly- he liked school/learning. Also, if they are a good teacher, she/he will give supplemental homework/support if there’s a skill a kid needs extra help with. I think this is great.
$C: I think we were supposed to do homework or study for at least a few hours a day but that sort of became half an hour for me. Granted, we had school sport on Saturday mornings.
$C: What the fuck is going on with the silhouette of the hands taking the photo?? It looks like two thumbs giving each other a high thumb and then the rest is just an amorphous gloop.
$C: Always thought homework was such bullshit. 
$C: this has always been the case for my schools and i haven’t realized that it is not for others. it really does make things easier! especially since i am going into my sophomore year(my first year of high school)
$C: That's pretty much how it's been in both schools I've been to in the Midwest. I always thought TV shows were unrealistic because I was never given actual homework. Usually the teacher would give you not enough time to finish in class work though. 
$C: My step.kids in 5th and 8th don't have homework. My daughter in hs does. The k-8 and the HS are in 2 different school districts though. She had homework when she was in k-8 so I think they just started this in the last couple of years. 
$C: Ontario, Canada has been doing this for a long time.  
$C: This is my homework policy and has been since my first day of teaching. There is no evidence that homework helps student learning. I do feel that students take advantage of it by messing around all period then not doing it at home. I'm a little tired of the emails asking why kids are failing but never seem to have homework. 

$C: This teacher is fucking stupid and should lose her job before she fucks up the future of kids
$C: The dumbing-down of America.
$C: It's a brave new world 
$C: this thing is in argentina since 2014 i remember

$C: So, Finland style. 
$C: The font suggests she teaches 4th grade.
$C: this is the super hero I needed as a kid 
$C: I rarely (never) did homework and usually played sports or video games every day. I ended up dropping out of college and work as a retail electronics salesman.

If I didn't have any assignments, I probably would have ended up the same, but got in less trouble for it along the way. 
$C: Really I found homework very useful. As long as it made sense. 
$C: when i was a student i was told by a teacher that you should be doing an hour of homework/ week for each grade you were in, so as an 8th grader i should have been doing 8 hours of work outside of class time. No thank you.
$C: Teach thinkin outside the bun
$C: Honestly, I don’t have a single memory of doing homework that I come back to on a daily basis as an adult.  Truly a waste of time.
$C: I wish.
$C: And yet college classes have a lot of homework still. I was particularly pissed about this course I took one semester that had in class assignments, and homework assignments. I mistakenly thought the in class labs had a due date and homework could be turned in at any time. Nope, it was there either way around, the "labs" (basically writing a program) could be done at any time and the homework could only be t turned in up to a week late. Also the homework accounted for 50% of the grade. I worked so hard that semester and felt like I had pretty much understood everything intended for the course I asked the teacher to work with me. She said I could take a W and that was it. So yeah, I basically failed the course.

The stupid thing was the homework mirrored the labs almost exactly, so it was just doing the same thing twice, but changing up the variables a bit.

I've learned long ago that "learning" in school is just jumping through the right hoops at the right time. It has very little to do with if you actually learn anything, and forget retention of information.


$C: ITT: people who don’t have school age kids. 
$C: It’s true.  If you asked me to do homework right now, I’d tell you to fuck off.  I very rarely bring my work home with me.  And a kid shouldn’t have to either.  

If you do bring work home with you, that was your own choice.  But a kid didn’t choose to be in school
$C: Lucky ass bitch
$C: There are a lot of people commenting on how it's so necessary for high school/college. I disagree. I had a math professor who constantly repeated formulas during class, written and verbal. Made them little rhynes. Guess how many students needed to bring a formula cheat sheet to exams? Only the slackers who didn't show up all semester. But not everyone gets a great teacher.

Also, same for history. I had a dam good history professor with a serious ability to tell a  story. The class formally had a book assigned but it was never referred to and he advised us all to not waste our money. Never even had to review my notes. Judging by the ratemyprofessor reviews on both of them, the vast majority of students passed.
$C: I'm curious, how do students later handle coursework in college? I'm in support, just wondering if the shift is difficult or if freshman adjust to the change easily. 
$C: All this really means I’m the eyes of the kids is more time for Fortnite. Maybe homework won’t help inspire kids academically, but at least it will teach them accountability.
$C: Our kids teacher just did the same! I'm excited.. I think some light homework wouldn't hurt.. but feel we have over valued academic education and have lost what you learn at home
$C: My son's school district has a policy similar to this, and it has been great not having to pour over homework every day or stress about it. He reads 30 minutes every day, and doesn't need homework on top of that when we're already pressed for time on weeknights!
$C: I had a teacher like that it was awesome because thats how it should be
$C: Did anyone else misread thanks as thanos 
$C: As great as this is, even if a high school teacher did this, there would still be 5 other teachers per student who would likely assign a normal amount of homework
$C: Fuck yeah!  This is such a great step in the right direction.  Homework is a useless waste of time that wrecks kid’s outside of school schedules and causes a huge amount of stress.  Down with homework! 
$C: Where was this when I was that age?
$C: I just started my senior year of high school. I personally hate even the thought of having mandatory homework assigned every night. It makes me feel like I have no free time and that school is the only thing that I will have time for all day. I believe that, if a student needs further review on a subject, it will show on their test grades and they should be held responsible to find a way to learn on their own. Everyone learns differently. Worksheets and flashcards do not help everyone - I personally hate those. I find that talking to someone about the subject and then teaching it back to someone else allows me to retain almost everything that I learned. For others, listening to a podcast or lecture on the subject while they go for a run or hike works for them. And even for some people, the flashcards and worksheets work the best! No two people learn exactly the same way. Despite this, we are still expected to complete hours of worksheets every day, then turn around and test perfectly on the information the next day. Something about that doesn't add up... 
$C: I disagree.  You need math homework. The only way you get better at math taught in elementary and high school is through practice. I am against stupid pointless homework but things like math and sciences that are math based (chemistry and physics) need homework. 
$C: Too bad that you still have to study for tests 
$C: The shadow in this picture looks like Spiderman hanging from a web. 
$C: boy is that student going to be disappointed next year and forever more. 
$C: Good on that teacher!
$C: I had a teacher that wasn't sending me home without homework. I thought this was a godsend, then my parents had a fit. They insisted they I was given homework and then they went out and bought those extra workbooks from Walmart for me to do afterwards. 3-5th grade was a special kind of hell. 
$C: 2 years ago my math teacher read a book that motivated her to try this for a unit. We had no homework but then we all bombed the test so we had to do homework again.
$C: I have twins. Always been in separate classes but scored very similar on test, sometimes even getting the same problems wrong. One year, 1 teacher sent this exact letter home while the other gave 30-45 minutes of homework a day.  The twin that had no homework fell so far behind her sister she ended up having to go to summer school.  We still refer to it as her wasted year because she didn't learn/retain a thing.  
$C: ITT: People complaining about homework as kids. 

Am I the only one who had this policy as a kid too? If I didn’t finish it in school I just didn’t do it. Don’t think my peers that did there homework are any more/less successful then me but more research is required. 
$C: College student here...
$C: So many angry comments, none I can find refute the claim with citations.
$C: Wait there's teachers who give homework with literally zero time to do it in class?  That's not at all how my experience in high school was.  
$C: Wow... I really wish it was like this for me! 
$C: Homework isn't about improving a kids brain.  Its about making sure the curriculum moves along and ends on time. 

I was an ESL teacher if that matters
$C: I stopped doing homework in middle school.  If I needed it, I’d copy someone else’s before class.

Fuck homework, you already have 7-8 hours of my youthful days.
$C: I'm sure homework *correlates* with success as much as any the rest of that. I doubt the rest has any more evidence of causing more success, either.
$C: Teacher is mad
$C: Fuck that
$C: Damn I would have had straight As in school if I had this.
$C: Whereas university... tut tut. I'm growing up to quick.
$C: A lot of teachers in the lower mainland do this
$C: I tried to implement this one year and the parents didn't like their kids not having homework.
$C: Good
$C: “Research has been unable to prove...”

What research? America is rapidly dropping in worldwide educational rankings while we are flooded with foreign workers on work visas (and rightfully so if they’re actually better for the job).
$C: Dumb. Kids need more work at home. Not less. They can barely read as it is. 
$C: My hero. 
$C: That’s how my 8th grade English teacher did it
$C: FINALLY
$C: My daughter's kindergarten teacher does this.

I'm a high school teacher, I approve. 
$C: r/AdamCarolla 
$C: ?XD Homework does improve in class performance. No research is required to prove this, it is common sense. This is why children are lazy!
$C: I would have given my left nut for this policy when I was in school.   The amount of conflict, suffering, and distress that HW caused me and my parents in middle school and high school was ridiculous.  And off the top of my head, I’d say that over the course of my academic career, up until grad school, i did less than 50% of my assigned homework.  And to the teachers point, I currently have a masters and doctorate degree. 
$C: It's things like this that piss me off for being born 26 years ago.
$C: I'm a huge advocate for no homework schools. I've always argued that graded homework assignments tend to harm low income kids who don't usually have a parent at home forcing/helping them complete their homework. As a result their grades suffer while the kids form households were more parental time is available will flourish. This is just unfair since the great majority of kids don't want to do homework but only do so because they have parents or adults encouraging them to do it. 

&#x200B;
$C: See, this is why I live in Jersey 
$C: That is the most teacher font I've ever seen. 
$C: *sighs* Is that comic sans?
$C: Old. 
$C: Teachers wouldn't be ALLOWED to do this in our district!  I think this could work though. 
$C: Why don't you assign worthy homework instead, homework that reinforces the lesson and is not just busy work?
$C: Ok Google, can I marry my teacher? 
$C: I just started my first year teaching. I don't do homework, but I give long term projects. History projects that allow creativity.  Like the one now. 4 diary entries of your fictional character in the Civil War. Let them explore stories, better for them and me
$C: When I was a kid, I struggled mightily to do homework. With no parental supervision (in my situation), I never really developed the proper discipline to be able to focus on school work after already being in school all day.

As I got older and eventually went to college, it was different as an adult.

I always did well on my tests in middle/high school, if it weren't for my inability to do homework at that age, I would've had a much easier road in the early portion of my life.

I'm not absolving my younger self. But we all come from different circumstances... I believe this policy will help more children that come from less traditional family types.
$C: I gotta say though, I would never have gotten through school without homework. I didn't really study much and learned most of what I used in tests and stuff through repetitive homework assignments. Sure I didn't like it much, but it definitely taught and helped me remember more than school alone.
$C: I feel like that would lead teachers to "overbook," so to speak. 
$C: You know this is my sisters picture from texas.. it was all over the news... teachers name is brandy.. 
$C: I hated homework as a kid, I hardly had to study even up through undergrad. An average public school homework was tedious, boring, and i didnt learn much from it that I couldnt just from two examples in class probably. But IMO this seems wrong. Homework accomplishes a couple things.  
1.  Consistent homework and studying builds habits in kids. Regardless of the learning, being okay with doing work is a good trait to have. ( if you can manage to make them do it at home is another question, rather than 5 mins before its due)  
2. There is no way if you  are doing relevant homework/studying things that you won't do better on test/get better grades/improve performance at the homework topic.
 
Each student learns things at different rates.Will the same hw assignment be just as effective on a gifted/average/below average students no.  Is it damn near impossible for teachers to be expected to provide individualized adaptive curriculums and assignments? Absolutely.  I think it should go to parents in alot of cases if possible.  Do kids need 4 hrs of homework daily no. But i think this just lets some kids slip through "cracks".
$C: I spent 4 hours at least a night in homework in middle school. RIP.
$C: Godspeed 
$C: I wish!! my daughter is smart but SLOW so first grade homework killed me.  On top of that, work from the day she didn't finish. But she's mostly just bored with it. She flies through math and reading. It's spelling and writing she hates. 
$C: Goddamn that is a fuckin kick ass teacher, FUCK MY BITCH ASS PROFESSORS 
$C: PogU 
$C: I was a solid D student from 2nd grade. In 8th grade, the county decided that homework no longer went to your final grade, but only be extra credit. That was the year my grades turned around. As and Bs. HONOR ROLL! I didn’t even know I could do that. I was in remedial math in 6th grade and here I was with an A in math. Getting 100% on tests and quizzes. Only lasted the one year, but it gave me the boost I needed and maintained good grades though high school. 
$C: I was born in the wrong fucking year.
$C: Im fine with no busy work but skills are learned through repetition. You can bet your bottom dollar workload in the day won't increase so the end result is theoretically worse for children unless the decision is supplemented with something else.
$C: Ha! When I was a teacher (junior and high school math) I didn't usually assign homework other than what they didn't finish in class. Most days they wasted so much time during the period they had to finish it at home.
$C: Where was this when I was a kid? I remember doing my GCSE’s (UK 16 year old exams) and having to do coursework. I went to school at 8am, finished at 4, came home, ate a meal at 4:30 and then worked until 10pm on coursework.

On a lighter day, I’d not start coursework until after I’d eaten at 5. And maybe finish at 9pm.

I remember revising before exams and I could see where I’d been taking notes and fallen asleep in class because the writing would turn into a scribble line. That’s no life.
$C: OK, I get it for elementary math, but what about for more advanced math, where repetition is really necessary to develop the ability to understand how terms are applied, the necessary memorization of some equations, how those terms and equations are applied in the real world (word problems), etc.?  Anecdotal, I know, but I never would have understood the quadratic equation if we'd gone over it a couple times in class, worked a problem or two, and moved on.  The enforced repetition in the form of homework was absolutely necessary for me to get it and be able to build on it. 
$C: Wish I had this. I get home at 6-7 from sports then shower and eat. It’ll be around 8 then I’ll have homework till midnight. I have trouble sleeping in the first place so I’m running on a few hours at most nearly everyday.
$C: Hell in “my day” I had teachers that wouldn’t let us do homework in class
$C: Wow nice find, this hasn't been posted thousands of times already. 
$C: *student gets to college*  
"Wtf is homework?" 
$C: If only my school did this... 😢
$C: This was how I treated homework throughout all of school anyway. Luckily I was a fast worker and was usually the first one done any assignments. If a teacher told me I had to do something at home, I told them I’d find time to do it at school. Believe it or not I actually got detention for this in middle school. In high school, sure I handed stuff in late or right at the deadline, but anything school-related was not going to take up my personal time. Just like I’m not going to do any extra work for my job at home. 
$C: I thought someone sent me this because I just had this very conversation with my Freshman daughter, it appears she was punished (running laps and other drills) because I brought her home after her JV Volleyball game and she was told if they leave early and not support the Varsity and go home it’s a violation!!! So, I informed her that school athletics is a privilege and if it interferes with “our family study time” maybe just maybe we need to have a meeting with the Principal tomorrow!!

When did the school dictate what I do?!
$C: For a teacher she has a hard time using commas.
$C: We've been doing this at our school for years. The only homework I send home for my students is informal reading logs just to get them to finish a few books during the year. I don't even send home unfinished work. I let the parents know if they aren't finishing their work, but if I can't get them to do it in school, they aren't going to do it at home either. They'll just get their parents to do it for them. 
$C: Good thing I did the bare minimum amount of homework when I was in school. Now it's finally coming out that it's fucking stupid and pointless. 
$C: This is so wholesome :)
$C: Well, at least one teacher gets it.
$C: That's just crazy talk. I did homework. I also did a dime in Rikers but, look, I turned out just dandy. 
$C: I bet some kids came up with this and a plan to get it circulating the internet so teachers will read it and decide to try it. Defeating homework once and for all.
$C: :(
$C: Why are people being so short sighted and supporting this? While it may be true that homework may have very little affect on student success at the elementary level, which I'm assuming this teacher is teaching, most people would agree that at a higher level homework is absolutely necessary for retention of information.  How are these high school kids going to develop the self discipline to do homework?  Homework might not be everyone's favorite past time, but it can be extremely valuable if assigned properly.
$C: Math homework is the only way to get good at math. You gotta do practice problems over and over. 
$C: Thank you so much for starting to do this. When I was in school homework was at least 3 to 4 hours every day. It pretty much meant I'd get bad grades or have no life of my own and caused me a massive amount of stress in my childhood. Hopefully we can copy other things that Denmark's education system has as well, such as a significantly shorter school day. My high school days were about 9 hours each not counting travel time.
$C: I'm pretty sure homework does help you learn... I didn't often do the homework but when I did it forced me to actually problem solve for myself without just absorbing info in class like a sponge. Obviously there is a limit to how much they should get, not more than hour honestly, but to say homework does nothing isn't realistic. Too much homework probably does nothing, or has very diminishing returns. 
$C: Where were all these hot teachers having sex with students when I was in school?  I mean... Wait, is that not this thread?
$C: Amen!
$C: I hope this becomes the norm

&#x200B;
$C: I do the same. 
$C: Homework for sure didn't help me learn. In fact, it was probably detrimental because all it did was stress me out. 
$C: I'm a teacher and I'm pretty sure I'd get in trouble with administration if I did this. I would love to, but I don't think I could.
$C: Funny how little of a difference homework makes at secondary. Just revised and taught myself the stuff I didn’t know from revision guides for my GCSE’s. Still did homework, but I looked at a number of tasks which I wouldn’t know how to answer now. 
$C: Exactly the same policy in my classroom.
$C: Wow. I hope that one day when I have kids they have the same policy in my country. I had to do 3 hours of homework even as a kid. So much wasted and childhood ruined from homework alone
$C: My kids school send all the homework on Monday but towards the end of the year it's hours worth of work and she is still in elementary school. This is a great policy especially for the working class as I like reading and playing with my daughter's not watching them stress out over homework and schoolwork all year. 
$C: That isn't going to prepare you for college homework levels. Any student in history worth his or her salt is expected to write essays outside of class on top of the regular reading.
$C: I would have gotten straight A's in her classes.
$C: This should apply to adults too. Lear your work at work and spend quality time with the ones you love. 
$C: Wow

$C: "We've updated our privacy policy"
$C: I would agree in that the only reasons for homework I can realistically see are to either help to differentiate the best of the best for college/employment/scholarship placement, which that's what I believe Honors classes should be for, or to indoctrinate an upcoming workforce to work for free on their own time. I guess you could argue lazy teachers that felt like fucking off at work and making the students learn at home as well, but that's definitely an outlier. Better homework, imo, would be creating a journal about your future and it not being graded but used by your counselor to better help direct you.
$C: My parents forced my teachers to give my sister homework. It's kind of funny.
$C: Just playing devil's advocate here:

Schools in Asia (and asian families in general) is infamous for its ridiculous amount of homework. And asian students always seem to do better at school comparing to their western counterpart,especially if you look at the percentage of asian students in the top universities around the world. Does that not show that homework in some way do help improve student's performance?
$C: As an elementary teacher, I never check for accuracy, just completion. It can be hard to tell if it is the student's work, or if they had help from a parent or older sibling. 
$C: What about discipline?  Discipline =/= success?
$C: My grades would’ve been so good without homework accounting for a percentage. I didn’t do that shit.
$C: please move me here. thank you. flipped classrooms are a nightmare of hw and studying to understand the material with no instruction from the teacher besides "here's a fuckign worksheet."
$C: I’m not sure how to feel.
$C: Show me the research that says that. Oh, wait... that's homework. 
$C: Isn’t this how it’s always been?
$C: Hey we don’t test for core or teach core. Anything goes and kids come out stupider then going in. Great!
$C: I feel ripped off as a 32 year old.
$C: So glad we are finally figuring this out
$C: This is amazing! When I was in elementary school I always had 2-4 hours of homework every night. I missed out on bonding and learning with my family. I honestly think my dad and I would have a better relationship b/c he wanted to teach me his trade but never got the opportunity. 
$C: I didn’t see this sign in college yet, must’ve missed it.
$C: My grandmother always said if her students paid attention in class they didn't need homework.  Also her motto, 'what are they HERE for?
$C: Lol, tell that to teachers of concept heavy subjects...
$C: Woah. I like this girl 
$C: but what about learning self efficacy? something tells me their future prospective employers aren't going to give them busy work, innovation is likely to be expected.
$C: This is how I did homework all throughout the 90s.

There's a lot to criticize A.C.E. curriculum for, but that's not one of them.
$C: Wow I wish
$C: The European way
$C: This is awesome, and I hope it's widely in effect when my future kids are in school. I would say I still had a fun childhood, but I stayed up until 11-midnight doing homework at times in middle school because I was "being prepared for college." I have yet to ever put that much time into college courses and have still maintained good grades.
$C: I teach 8th grade history. I love this policy, but I don't feel like I can open up with that because the first assignment of the year was for the kids to go home and talk to parents and grandparents and learn where they came from. That's work they literally can't do in class, but it's super valuable. 

But after this? Get it done in class. Wasted our time in class so we didn't get to it? You've still got a deadline to meet. Get on it. 
$C: its fake
$C: This is how things have been at my school, is this not normal?
$C: YASSSSS inteligent teacher
$C: Oof just watch them increase the amount of work you do in class. And watch highschools never implement this because of their pride
$C: Wow I wish my school was like this. My English teacher sophomore/junior year was like "ok I'm assigning you three essays, all need to be in MLA format and four pages long. It's due tomorrow". Needless to say /several/ people failed and she did not allow work to be made up. She was an asshole because "this is how college is"
$C: I am an eighth grade science teacher and this is my policy also. Been doing it for years. 
$C: Good luck with getting those animals to do anything now that they know they don't need homework. 
$C: This... So much this!  As a parent and obviously a student previously this is what I believe kids need more of, family time!!
$C: Fuck man i wish my teachers did that. I never got honor roll because I refused to do homework.
$C: I feel like someone just hated homework so much they vowed to one day rise to the top and get rid of it. 
$C: legend
$C: Okay sure, yeah, throw all your potential ap students and history buffs under the bus. It's not like we history buffs matter anyway....
$C: I remember getting 20 pages of French conjugation homework over the Christmas break. How the times of changed for the better. Good ol' madame Sui... that bitch. 
$C: r/wholesomeness
$C: Homework isn't about building your education its about building responsibility. You already should have learned the stuff in class. Therefore, you should be able to do everything the teacher provides and you should be able to bring it back. By yourself.  
$C: I wish my teachers had done this
$C: Nice!
$C: I wish this was a policy when I was growing up. Would have gotten more time with my mother that was sick. Always resented that there was so much homework and felt guilt that I couldn't make more memories with her because homework and studying took so much extra time for me. 
$C: Finally some common sense!
$C: Lucky kids. Is this a high school? Maybe I should move here
$C: I dunno. Spelling and math homework (especially math homework in high school) were really useful for me.
$C: Where was that when I was in school? I didn't do any so I could do all of the other things and got punished for not doing homework. 
$C: It’s what I do in my precalculus class. I’ve had parents contact me not believing their kids when they tell them they don’t have math homework. This year I started out the year with a newsletter/email telling their parents as much so they didn’t have to question it. It’s the best way I can get the kids to focus in class and keep their phones up. All I have to do is remind them they will have homework if they don’t finish.
$C: its not like we did homework back in the day anyway lol
$C: What year is this 
$C: i’m a sophmore in high school right now and i don’t receive homework for any of my classes except ap world history 
$C: Ooga booga

$C: I had so much hw in school. Not only that, but it took me longer than most kids to complete it. So much of my life wasted on hw. Even so, I'm not sure it was ineffective. 
$C: That was more or less an unspoken agreement in my high school in Germany. You fuck around in class? Finish at home. 
$C: Good luck in college..
$C: Secret bonus: A lot less papers for teacher to grade
$C: Wait, how does homework not help? Is this only for very young grades? Im confused cuz I dont see how a kid practicing spelling wont learn better. Or math. Of course early grades move WAY slower. So maybe its just a matter of 7 hrs a day is enough dang school for a child
$C: 600 IQ teacher
$C: I flunked freshman year of high school solely because of homework.

Went to a continuation school that didn't assign homework. And what do you know? I passed all my classes. Graduated with a 3.2 I believe. Not straight As but I didn't fail because of some dumb work I HAD to do to pass. 
$C: This is great!!  All schools should implement this.  There are actually studies that show students with homework have higher stress levels and it effects their performance while trying to do the work IN school.

$C: Thank you, John Hattie, for your meta analysis. His book, Visible Learning, has changed my life as an educator. 
$C: They implemented this in my county. And the parents went ballistic over it. I don't see a problem with it unless it ends up showing it does worse for their performance. I can't stand that new math however.
$C: Lucky bastards I didn’t get that until 7th and 8th and that was still hardly at all, idk how 9th will be though
$C: I just wouldn't do either 
$C: *assigns classwork in the last 5 minutes*
$C: My highschool does this 
$C: Too fucking late 
$C: Here was this teacher when I was in school?
$C: This is neat, but my nephew would have a school day's worth of homework every day.

Because of the...you know...him never...you get the idea.

Trying. I'm saying he doesn't.
$C: How is no one talking about the amorphous blob shadow on the paper?
$C: My mom has been an elementary teacher for over 20 years and she’s implemented this policy for years! Other teachers in her school get sort of upset with her, saying “she’s not preparing them for high school”. But after seeing my sister and I cry for hours at the kitchen table doing homework in junior high and hardly bringing anything home in high school, she’s gotten a lot stronger with her argument 
$C: Bravo. 👏🏼
$C: I like this
$C: That's my homework policy, but kids usually don't have much homework nowadays anyway.
$C: Yeah well I never did homework or much in school book work... and my teachers were always pissed off till end of term test were taken and I'd always be in the top 10%. 

My excuses then and still is that I'm lucky to have a good memory and can sinlmply read something once and retain it. 

Always said I'd never be walking around in life with a wagon full of old work and text books ready to whip it out to remember or understand something I come across in life. 

Wished this was around when I was in primary and high school as would of saved so many arguments with teachers about "where is your homework?" in my brain where it should be...
$C: Homework absolutely works if its properly designed and not just busy work. wtf is this
$C: I wonder how different my personality would have turned out if I didn't spend childhood paranoid and obsessive about grades, and seeking adult validation through them, but rather bonding with family, making and enjoying the company of friends, and pursuing interests.   


&#x200B;
$C: I swear I would've gotten a scholarship of this was the goddamn policy while I was in school. Homework fucked me so hard but I'd work so hard in school.
$C: Why do the mods label picture of text? What is the purpose?
$C: “Who the hell are you to tell me to be a decent parent?”
-most parents
$C: This is my classroom policy as well, but it's more about the fact that not every student has ready access to the internet and it's a technology class. However, I do ensure there is plenty of work in the classroom as a result.                             
$C: Work with a lot of students that come from low-income households. If I implemented this students would not do any work in class, tell me they are doing it at home, then not do it at home because they would say they don’t know how.

I get giving them a break, but they also need to learn time management. I assign homework on Monday and collect it on Thursday. This way if a student has practice, a club, or something else they have another night they can do it. 
$C: Mine has homework every night, but luckily it's simple stuff.
$C: Other teachers rubbing their hands like Birdman thinking of all the extra homework they can give kids since this teacher isn't
$C: Imagine the stress that is removed.
$C: Believe me I fucking hated homework in school but I really think this is doing more harm than good. By the time they are in college they will be at a disadvantage with their nonexistent study habits. I would understand if they cut the work load but removing it entirely?
$C: I feel that this should be implemented especially in elementary. Children should be enjoying their youth, and spending time with friends and family— not working math problems during vacation or weekends. 

Homework didn’t really help me. I just did it to get it over with, and out of the way. 

Although, I feel that homework matters later on in education such as high school and college for more complex work that you get that needs more and more practice. 
$C: Although I agree with this, they are gonna be pretty fucked come college.  But maybe not.  But probably so.
$C: You mean treating school work just like work in the real world? Just as it should be. If my daughter has this when she starts school I am going to be jealous and tell her stories about back in my day we had to go to school all day then come home and do more school till we went to sleep.
$C: Fuck this. Make them suffer like the rest of us had to.
$C: Whaaaat. I'm in 8th grade and our school doesn't have this. It's not fair lmao.
$C: Homework helps me. Without homework I wouldn’t learn
$C: No new for NC? haven’t returned to school yet :/
$C: That’s how my homework was in 2nd grade. Teacher gave a SHITTON of in class busywork and I ended up with more homework than I had for the following 3 years  of school. It really depends on the teacher and how they go about it. 
$C: Kids in schools a decade from now wont know how nice they've got it 
$C: Whats sad is this is thought to be a new policy, when I went to school all those years ago, school ended at 3:00 any schoolwork done at him was just that work that you hadnt finished in the day, most often though it was finished in the 5 minutes before class started
$C: Homework or no homework, families that have time for this will have time for this and families that don't, still won't. Having less homework won't help when the single mom is away at her second job, or when a parent is away on a business trip, et cetera. If a family has time for those things, they'll do it anyway even if the child has homework to do. This changes nothing.
$C: well said.  thank you

&#x200B;
$C: This isn’t a policy, but rather common sense. Thank you, teacher
$C: Some heroes don't wear capes... or wear hockey pads.
$C: I wish this is how my school did it. Unfortunately i spend all day on school stuff starting at 5 am for marching band practice, 7:45-3:15 normal school, night practice for band or theatre on Monday/Thursday, football games on Friday until 12 am, Theatre shows, plus homework for my AP classes ):
$C: Old reeeeeepost
$C: Meanwhile, the rest of the world continues to slaughter the United States in testing.  Yay.
$C: I had this in a math class in middle school. It was not implemented correctly and was shit. 
$C: It's crazy.. I get rid of homework and say "here is a packet, do what you want with it... But let me be clear, I won't be collecting it" and every single parent who heard this is all about the damn packet! I better not have to grade those things! I sent the answer key with them too... Haha 😂

Alternatively, my students know they need to read for 20 minutes minimum. Can't even get parents to listen to them read. 
$C: At the risk of being unpopular, I am not a fan of this. If your child is struggling in an area, and they do not have any work to bring home, it becomes a serious challenge to obtain what you need to help them improve. It cuts parents out of the academics and frankly not all teachers are quality, and even when they kids can struggle in some areas more then others - math I am looking at you. 


$C: This isn't really groundbreaking. I'm in 8th grade and most of my teachers had this policy throughout middle school :/
$C: Shiiieeeeett got at least an hour of homework in 9 the grade SMH in MN
$C: It's about time. When my kid was in elementary school he had so much damn homework every day that I just started telling him the answers so he could actually have time to play.
$C: In high school my teachers had the same policy. It was awesome 
$C: But I wonder if this is the homework policy of her department head/Principal/school district.
$C: My high school geometry teacher did the same thing
$C: if i shame you enough, maybe your family will spontaneously be able to afford a middle-class lifestyle.
$C: I can see this working for elementary school, but I see some people saying even high schools are doing this.

I think high school science and math courses should take more of a college approach to homework: assign it, but not to grade. I found out very quickly that the easiest way to pass tests and exams in my engineering, math, and science courses was to do all the homework assigned. And the easiest way to fail was to not do any of the homework. Doing all the practice problems gets you used to using formulas and other tools required to solve problems and exposes where you may need to study your notes and textbook a little more.
$C: One thing parents will have to teach their children that homework does is to teach them patience and dedication to something in which isn’t exactly fun. I can see some very short attention span children flying through education now where they would have struggled previously, especially if the teacher isn’t as dedicated to teaching as this one is.

In fact, I can only see this working in middle to high class areas, as no homework in low income areas coupled with  teachers who aren’t paid enough to care is a recipe for disaster.
$C: And that's why all the Asian countries education level is light years ahead of USA. American kids are used to fun and games in school. Asian kids are already getting used to stress and fully prepared for college, career and even adult life. 
$C: I wish I had had this growing up! My experience was the opposite, and terrible. I pulled more all-nighters in middle school and high school than I ever did in college (where I received a lot less homework, surprisingly). Granted, I took a bunch of honors/AP classes and was a huge overachiever (lol), but I seriously did 4+ hours of homework a night starting in 7th grade. My routine was: Wake up at 6:00am, Out the door by 6:55, Classes from 7:15-2:30, Home by 3, Eat a late lunch/early dinner and PTFO from absolute exhaustion by 4, wake up again at 7pm, Homework/papers/readings/projects/BS busywork til 11. If I was lucky. I also worked ~20 hours a week starting at 15, although luckily sometimes I was able to do homework at my job. Plus competitive cheer from 7-10th grade with practice til 5pm a few nights a week, and student government/some random clubs. I also had undiagnosed ADHD at the time and had serious attention issues. I could only get "in the zone" and crank out schoolwork under last minute pressure. I would kill it, which I kind of prided myself upon, but it was such a stressful way to live! So many nights I stayed up til 4-5am sneakily doing homework. I say sneakily because my mom had serious anger/mental health issues and flipped shit when she saw me working that late. Damn, now that I type it out, I can't believe I survived that period of my life. I wanted to seem "well-rounded" to impress colleges. I was so motivated to escape my shitty home situation, and I became obsessed with getting a scholarship to some far away college as my ticket out. Which I did! That was awesome. College was SO much easier than middle school/high school. There was almost no busywork or random homework. Just a few big tests and projects laid out at the beginning of the year. Anyway...dang when did this get so long? Good luck to all you kiddos out there drowning in homework! It gets better
$C: Meanwhile, we were taught that we were not to speak to Mrs. Alfonso (the principal) unless she spoke to us first and recess was intended as a disciplinary activity where we couldn't run, make noise, or play games and once when someone told Sister Karen that their backpack was too heavy from all the homework she told us how disappointed she was in us for "not wanting to share in Christ's suffering." We were eight.
$C: With that font I assumed it was printed by some kid. 
I was wrong.
$C: This is how I want to be as a teacher. I love this. 
$C: Bed early?
$C: My high school is like this and I’m so thankful
$C: It is being done in my country also. No homework at weekends.
$C: I learned way better from homework than class. I'm sure this is great for a lot of students but if a teacher did this for me (I'd have loved it) it would have been a disaster.
$C: This is very good policy to have for elementary for all ages. Elementary kids are kids and just want to have fun. They don't really understand the concept of accountability to the fullest. In middle school homework should be introduced in small quantity. No more than hours worth of work. Then in high school, it should be given in larger quantities. So by the time they want to go to college, they are prepared for the flood of homework.
$C: Honestly i want to know the name so i can know who the bamf is
$C: My daughter got something like this last year. She still had to read for 15 minutes, and had to practice her spelling words. 
$C: Exactly. I always wondered why the f*** schools want to drain kids of every ounce of their free time. Most of which just amounts to mindless repetition to memorize things they'll forget as soon as the semester is over. We've all been there. 
$C: This might be unpopular, but homework definitely helped me succeed in the classes that I was struggling with, notably math and biology. While I was never a straight A student there, I went from virtually no understanding of the subject to passing tests with a C or even a B because I was forced to go home and continue learning.

But it was exceptionally meaningless when I could already get an A on an exam.
$C: I don't like that last part though. It's kind of insensitive to say to a single parent working 2 jobs. I'm sure they would love to do those things, but it's not entirely their fault if they can't.
$C: The homework policy is racist. Black will fail 85% of the time because they are cursed with single parent families (I am the product of a single family household, I'm not being racist here).
$C: Mr. Roger's would approve 
$C: Smort.
$C: Homework before high school is a waste of time.
$C: No wonder, America is 70th place in the world wide education system Index.
$C: This is very progressive and it's something that I wish was in place when I was at school
$C: I’m not sure I agree with this. While I despised homework growing up, and while I still despise it as a college student, I honestly think the extended practice homework offered helped me improve greatly in certain areas, particularly math and English. Often I left my math classes having only a moderate grip on the material, and it was the homework that really nailed it into my brain. Same with my reading skills. Practice makes perfect. 

I’m not saying homework load shouldn’t be reduced. I don’t think it’s right to demand students be up at 6:30 am but then send them home with 3+ hours of extra work a night on top of extracurriculars. But taking it out of the equation entirely is something I’m skeptical about. 
$C: This stops being true when school stops being a complete breeze elementary school is easy as fuck so of course any homework they assign is just busy work
$C: "Yes no homework!" 

"early bedtimes, oh this bitch."
$C: My kids teachers announced this for the school year. I damn near cried tears of joy.
$C: My kids' school had been doing this for many years. Is it really uncommon?
$C: This was the policy in my school back in the day. I did go to a private school though.
$C: My school does this shit and it's soooooo nice. No school on Fridays either. 
$C: That's good but I always just did homework during class and never had any work to do outside of school until college.
$C: 10000% agree.
$C: I had teachers do this throughout the years when I was a kid. Honestly, we ended up with the same exact amount of work and our families did not do any of those activities any more than they were prior to the implementation of this rule. This is a nice idea on paper - with good merits and comes from a good place - but it's just not going to happen.
$C: 696969
$C: Because of homework, I managed to pass high school with a 1.5 GPA. I simply did not want to do something I was uninterested in. Now I own 2 businesses, race cars and travel. Up yours education system. 
$C: Every time I’ve had a teacher that said this, they assigned way more in class than anyone could possibly finish, so there was always homework.
$C: Only issue I have with is, when they get to highschool and college they're going to be woefully unprepared.
$C: The problem is that there is a lot of the world that doesn't function like this. Most colleges will demand them to do homework and there are good bit of jobs that will expect you to either finish your work before you leave or bring your work home with you (some don't but a good bit do). The answer to little free time isn't to lesson your work, rather to just manage your time better. Being old enough to rationalize but young enough to remember what being a kid was like, I was never given too much homework. It only took so much time because I procrastinated to the last minute (this can vary on the school though).

While I am glad the students will have more time to be with their families and have fun, it will be interesting how they take the change to middle school or high school (where homework will be expected of them). 


Edit: reading the comments below I have to say they amount of homework that teachers think are 'appropriate' for elementary schoolers is shocking to say the least. They should have enough homework to last them an hours at most, and the homework itself should be engaging in someway. 
$C: great pic 
$C: Procrastinator heaven...I can finish this now in school or...I’ll just do it when I get home
$C: This just reminded me my kid never did his summer reading program... oops!
$C: oh helllll no. If I had to endure hours on hours of hw you do too!!!
$C: How many people read that and said to themselves “about damn time! I’m spending way to much time with my kid, finally I can relax and not have to do his homework!” 

Because 90% of the kids who struggle with homework don’t have the parents they need in the first place! 
$C: I hope more schools follow this example. It's tough enough being a kid, growing up being told what you are and are not to do with your life without reason. All the while having hormones chaotically racing through your body. Theres so much stress from such random things. Why add stupid shit like homework to all that. 
$C: I don’t think research is necessary to show that homework helps, it’s more common sense.

For subjects like math, doing problems over and over can help you understand the concept better and make sure you do better with those types of questions.

For reading, literally reading helps you get better at reading.

History, honestly, I don’t see a point for homework.

Science, same with math.


$C: OMG. I wish I was in her class...
$C: I don't get how anyone can argue more practice doesn't equal better results. "Research" is pushed like a religion now a days. Just tag something as pier reviewed and its irrefutable proof of something. It's just taken blindly at face value even if it's devoid of logic. 

On what planet is playing outside correlated with being a better student to a further extent than actually doing homework tailored to a subject. 
$C: Lmao somebody tell this to the international baccalaureate.....
$C: When I was in middle school I wrote a letter to the superintendent saying why I thought homework was BS. My mom helped me mail it. He wrote back politely telling me that he disagreed.
$C: Interesting 
$C: Make school great again!
$C: My son's teacher said this at the beginning of last year.. we thought it was going to be great. She crammed so much into one day that he had more homework than he ever has had before...it got so bad for the class that they started losing recess for weeks at a time to get caught up...it was a disaster
$C: Yeah this might be fine for middle school and stuff but not for high school, they need to be prepared for college. My teachers in uni didnt give a fuck how many classes we had, all they cared if the hw was done for theirs. usually i ended up with somewhere around 3 to 5 hours of hw every day.
$C: This almost brings a tear to my eye. Finally returning to family values instead of perpetuating a horrible system that discourages learning.
$C: This will be treated by the school authorities like that moment in The Wire when the cops decriminalized drugs by making a zone where they wouldn't bust the dealers. The cops got fired and the policy quickly stamped out.
$C: If I had teachers like this I would have gone to a much better College 
$C: I think it's great that teachers are responding to research. The US is way behind and teachers dont usually have the resources to advance their curriculum. 

I got lucky in that my dad is an engineer. He spent many nights helping me with math homework. That case is definitely the exception whereas most kids dont have those resources available at home. 
$C: Wait till this gets framed as marginalizing kids in unstable homes
$C: This needs to be everywhere. 
$C: We went from a zero homework public elementary to a 2-3 he a night private school. There has to be a balance. My kids do not have time to be kids anymore but before there was nothing to help them practice the new things they were learning. I do not like this zero homework idea though. 
$C: This wouldn’t work in high school. 
$C: Best note-from-teacher-ever.  Teacher gets it, completely. 
$C: Man, I can't tell you how many nights I stayed up till 1am doing homework for a scary teacher. I might have done better, had I gone to bed at 10pm and skipped the homework. But alas.
$C: I almost always managed to get my homework done in class.  I despised homework.  It's bad enough we spent all day at school...I'll be damned if I was going to do homework at home.  Studying for tests?  that happened in the first 5 minutes of class when the teacher was prepping to hand out the tests.

&#x200B;

Maintained an A/B average throughout middleschool and high school.  I was in fact, .001 point away from graduating with honors at my high school.
$C: When I was in elementary school (15ish years ago) we never had homework. The only things we ever got sent home with was stuff unfinished during class time. This continued through middle and high school. Pretty much if you did your work during class you wouldn't have to worry about it that night.
$C: I refuse to give homework. I teach seniors. Many of my students have jobs and work till
11-12 at night. Last thing they need is more burden in their lives. They’re trying to earn a living and many of them have to support/supplement their own parents’ income or pay for any of the stuff they want (clothes, homecoming/prom tickets, senior trips, etc....). 
$C: This gives me goosebumps. Thank you teacher. 
$C: I wish this was the case when I was a kid. I always viewed homework as pointless and I already spent the day at school etc.
$C: Hey everybody who hasn't set foot in a school since high school/college, claiming that this is BS: As a current teacher, here's a list of support why your uninformed opinions are just that

&#x200B;

[http://www.math.tamu.edu/\~snite/MisMath.pdf](http://www.math.tamu.edu/~snite/MisMath.pdf)

[https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/answer-sheet/wp/2012/11/19/study-homework-linked-to-better-standardized-test-scores/?utm\_term=.e3b90c21e9b9](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/answer-sheet/wp/2012/11/19/study-homework-linked-to-better-standardized-test-scores/?utm_term=.e3b90c21e9b9)

[https://www.smithsonianmag.com/smart-news/spending-too-much-time-homework-linked-lower-test-scores-180954814/](https://www.smithsonianmag.com/smart-news/spending-too-much-time-homework-linked-lower-test-scores-180954814/)

[http://www.sedl.org/pubs/sedl-letter/v20n02/homework.html](http://www.sedl.org/pubs/sedl-letter/v20n02/homework.html)

[http://time.com/4466390/homework-debate-research/](http://time.com/4466390/homework-debate-research/)

Enough support, or do I need to do your googling for you some more?

&#x200B;

We are constantly bombarded with new pedagogical information at our endless meetings. But please, tell us teachers we're wrong because your experience was different than how the classroom works today.
$C: It's funny, I was just thinking the other day about how my daily workload as an adult with a 9-5 job living alone has a lower workload than I ever had in school from 4th grade through college, all because of that damn homework.  I always felt it sucked to be a kid, turns out I was right, at least in my case.
$C: While I think this is a half decent idea, I also think it’s only applicable for certain subjects. The concept itself is not bad. I think she’s trying to make the kids more well rounded, but I can also see this taking a huge dive. The students aren’t going to follow this, the parents probably won’t enforce it, and the teacher herself has no way of proving any of this happened.
$C: Oh my god why oh why I feel bad for you man
$C: Some homework here and there is required I think. Repetition leads to mastery. 

However there is way too much homework sometimes. This scene from Modern Family was spot on: https://imgur.com/gallery/bjmla
$C: That's the sexist thing I've ever read. I HATED homework when I was in school. Flat out didnt do it half the time.
$C: Cept if you're... ya know... trying to learn a language. Learning say.. Mandarin through osmosis has its limits. 
$C: Meanwhile I’ve pulled consecutive 20 hour days in Engineering school. Burns me out quick. 
$C: Lucky ass kids. I got straight Cs cause I never did homework 
$C: Sounds like the teacher doesnt want to do her homework marking the homework #BudgetCuts
$C: Exactly! When I see my son's homework at fifth grade, I think I'd be pissed if I had to come home and work another hour. But to him, I treat as an opportunity to show me what he had learned. 
$C: Colorado is doing 4 day school weeeks mannnnnnnnn. Except for this “*new math*” I wish i could go back to experience that school life 
$C: I'm pretty sure this chick stole my sisters pic and is now posting it as hers... this pic is over a year old now 😂😂😂🤣
$C: This would have saved so much stress when I was in high school. Fuck.
$C: I believe it in the younger age groups, but there is no way this is a good policy for high school math classes.
$C: I don’t think it is what this teacher came up with by herself. Even my daughter’s STEM school is trying this out. Might be something that school boards are directing. 
$C: LAW QUALITY.
$C: That font is so nice.. what's its name?
$C: I would have been the one most relieved. Many a time it would become my homework when the procrastinating kids said they can't go to bed at 10pm on Sunday night. 

&#x200B;

There is a project due Monday morning. Arhghgg! 
$C: The only reason I hate school is because of homework...
$C: Is this from Holley, NY ?
$C: I hated homework but I thought it prepared me well. It taught time management. Self directed learning. Not always being able to do what I want. Making schedules and task lists.   I realize now that WHAT the homework was didn't matter as much as the life lessons. Seemed to work out well for me. Utilized those skills throughout med school and residency
$C: Someone did their homework.
$C: Surprised this is a popular story. Teachers have been doing this for years now. I don't fully agree with it because I consider studying to be homework, and not every kid is able to absorb everything in the 45-60 minutes of class time they might have on the subject.
Id also question the academic value of families eating dinner together every night. And if it is beneficial, it's not feasible for many families with 3-5 jobs per household.
$C: science can't prove either makes an impact, so do whatever the heck you want. But a stable household is a HUGE advantage.
$C: Of course this is the policy now. Not when I was in school. I would have been all over this. 
$C: I so hope the school my child will go to follows this.
$C: Genius!
$C: PLEASE COME TO MY SCHOOL

$C: I'm ok with this if we went to year round schooling. Otherwise there isn't enough time to learn what you need to. This is why we have such an uneducated electorate.
$C: This just sounds like a fancy way of saying "I'm not marking your homework". Which is fine I think. But I feel like what's going to happen is he's going to have to give more work than can be completed in class in order for the students to be prepared. And it's not like you can get rid of assignments or test studying. 
$C: Bout fuckin time
$C: Should have been:  
Homework will only consist of work that your student did not **understand** during the school day.

I used homework to actually understand a topic sometimes with the help of an adult. Teachers would often gloss over stuff and I would be left clueless. If it weren't for homework I would not be very capable today.

In a perfect world a teacher ensures that all of their students fully grasp what's being taught but that rarely happens. How does anyone expect this to happen when there are 30+ students and one teacher? When I was in elementary school we had teaching assistants that would pull a few kids out of the main class and practice more advanced concepts. I really benefited from it and entered middle school ahead of the pack.
$C: They implemented this right after I left school
$C: Emphasis on “Read Together”. I’m serious, my mom taught younger kids and the number one factor in their English skills was the time spent at home. Even if you’re just reading to them, make sure you get that time in. 
$C: Mrs. Redline is a doll and a saint 🙏
$C: Where were you when I was a kid Mrs red line?
$C: Where was she when I was a kid?!
$C: r/wholesome 
$C: Another idea to consider: I’ve had middle and high school students from various cultures and countries whom are expected to help take care of family (and extended) family members right after school, into the night, while other adults are working. In addition, many times these groups of students are expected to help out with the family business right after school (often working in carpentry and restaurants) and end work in the evening when they go to sleep. Often, these students are particularly drained the next day, considering they went through a full day of school and then “work.” I’m always glad to see these students awake, healthy and present in my class, because just that in itself is a huge accomplishment. 

It is not these students’ choice, but it is their family and cultural backgrounds which require them to have strict after school obligations, and homework is actually impossible for them to complete in these situations. 

When teachers require homework, it can have a multitude of effects on these kids, such as:
- Widening the gap between privileged and non-privileged students 
- Stressing them out considerably 
- Lowering grades unfairly (by default, if you require homework as 10% of the grade, then these students have already lost 10% of their grade) 

In many schools in the US, we have numerous culturally diverse and immigrant students, and it is imperative to think of them when assigning homework. 

I recommend additional assignments to be very intentional and always optional for those needing more. 

There’s a lot more to it, but just thought I’d throw this out there. I want my students to be better represented when discussing education, because they are so often left out. 
$C: Ive noticed in my lifetime that homework has gone from something that is expected in almost every subject to almost being gone. Personally i hated them, felt like a waste of time and kinda stopped doing them in 7th grade or something. Big projects i feel like is fine you might have to do some at home, or just read in prep for class or to just study every now and then but man i fucking hate getting assignments you are forced to do while youre home, even if it takes less than 1 hour. When im done with school for the day im fucking done.

I remember specially 8-10th grade we had tons of homework + 3-6 test in 1 week and maybe add a presentation in there as well. It completly destroyed my will to study. If it wasnt for that i might wouldve gone for a master/ba. But the problem atleast for me was i liked about half the subjects and the other half i hated, so the choice was easy when there is too much to do. You either give up or only focus on the part you like. Later on in life you specify yourself in 1 or 2 fields and you pretty much exclusively work with that which is completly different
$C: If this were something done when I was in school, I would have been an honor student. I have bipolar, which makes it very difficult to sit still and concentrate, but also makes it very easy for me to grasp concepts and retain information. In school I was able to pass any test or final with 100%. Standardized testing was easy for me, and I always passed with 95th percentile or better. I knew the material and the coriculum for every class and every grade and I could answer any questions with complete accuracy. My reading and comprehension levels were way above average from elementary to high school, science was a breeze, math was simple since numbers are constant. I was that person that everyone would ask for help because I was able to explain anything in ways that made sense to them. There were some classes where the teacher would tell me to put my hand down and let someone else try to answer the question. But alas my grades were terrible because I had trouble sitting down after school and doing homework, and the majority of my grades were based on homework completion. I found it repetitious and boring. Going over everything that I had done during that day again simply couldn't hold my attention. They tried at one point putting me in special education, but I scored too high to stay in those classes. It was difficult and frustrating. I finally dropped out in 11th grade because I was in a charter school with self-paced education and I was doing all precollege work, things that the seniors there couldn't even attempt. I went for my GED and scored 96% overall, and I found it ridiculously easy, and even felt like I slacked off on it
$C: What and the fukkk. Im only 26 and when i was in middle school and especially high school between my 3 classes I had a SHIT TON of home work. I'm glad to see this implemented now, but I sure as hell wish it was like this when i was in school.  Good to see though
$C: I think many people don't realise the power that a simple dinner has on an individual. 

My family always sat for dinner,  no phones , no TV,  and we would share things about our day . Laugh, tell jokes,   etc. As a kid I took it for granted , but now years later I realise that since my father was working two jobs. This small hour in time was the time he would be with us and get to see us.

Now as a father myself,  o always eat with my kids , and make an effort to read to them every night .al and always say I love you to my sons , because a true man shows both affection and strength 
$C: Do y’all realize how many F’s I could’ve avoided if we didn’t have homework back in school...? I do, and it’s a depressingly large number. 
$C: YES
$C: My school (Templestowe College) actually works this way.
$C: MRS. RED FOR SECRETARY OF EDUCATION!
$C: This is what my mom did when she taught at Private school. I was her student one year, it was great. This needs to be more normal.
$C: Where?
$C: This is awesome I really lucked out at my elementary and high school and most teachers did the same thing. Aside from the odd report and essay that was it. It was really nice especially in high school as I worked after school. 
$C: Give them 8 hours to do 4 hours of actual work, and a phone with Reddit.

Because we need to prepare these kids for the real world.
$C: My math classes are usually like this, except:



They give even more work
$C: Jesus this pisses me off I proposed this idea to my teacher when I was in 2nd grade I’m glad they’re finally catching on 
$C: Happy to say that many of my high school teachers this year are doing this. :)
$C: Last year my History teacher operated like this. I still sometimes worked on bigger assignments at home because I wanted to finish them faster, but there was always enough time given in class for everything. 

School for me is starting in about a week and I really hope I have some teachers with that same mindset.
$C: Meanwhile my high school is adding another period, for a total of 8. Luckily I graduated before that.
$C: *Cries in college senior*
$C: Someone just doesn't want to grade homework
$C: Fact fluency is the foundation for procedural fluency required for success in upper grades math. State standards often don’t allow time for teachers to practice these facts with their students. It is important for families to help students achieve this fluency at home- homework. 
$C: Until the class acts out and earns themselves a 2 page essay on how to better behave themselves in the future.
$C: Hell yes. This is the way to go! 
$C: I always liked homework being optional. Understand the material? Don't waste your time with it. Don't understand? Practice with homework. 
$C: Fuckin' A.

Top notch teacher right there. Give this teacher a bonus.
$C: YASSSS
$C: She’ll get lots of flak from traditionalists who use “common sense” intuitions and anecdotes that tell them otherwise.
$C: I had so much homework in Canada growing up. That was horse shit!
$C: I’m a young teacher, and this is the primary theory that they teach us about homework. Personally I really like it and agree. I don’t know your after school life, and I bet you want to have an after school life. Just like I want to have an after work life. 

Also it makes sense to have the learning within the classroom. I want to break down main topics and events with you. I prefer to teach students in a controlled environment and not pray that they decide to crack open a textbook at 2am on a Sunday. 
$C: One of my high school English teachers did this and it worked incredibly well. I never had any homework aside from completing major papers that couldn’t be finished with class time. Learned the same material as people in other classes but without all of the pointless busywork. Unfortunately the admin were not on board and he was fired. 
$C: I really can’t imagine how much healthier and creative I’d have been if I didn’t have to deal with homework. It definitely discouraged me from joining certain after school programs, and would often keep me up late thus lessening my ability to learn the following day. 


$C: Homework is the entire reason I got Cs and Ds in my classes. Never did it, but man I could ace tests.
$C: That’s basically what high school does. But then they pile on the during-school work. 
$C: I do wonder whether kids who do homework do better when in high school and college from being more accustomed  to  independent study. 
$C: Of course, it had to be four years after my high school graduation for this to be considered a thing
$C: We have my daughter finish her unfinished assignments from the day on top of her homework. She has been doing homework since she was 3 in preschool so she's used to it. I do find that the homework is busy work. Instead of a half dozen ways to add because of common core, teach them the basics and have them practice at school. I work all day and she's in school all day. Then we get to come home and do homework together each night. Not only does she have homework but I have homework in a way.
$C: I was a slacker back in high school but some of my harder working friends slept at 3am every night doing homework and studying. While they might've been the smartest and most hard working people I knew, it sucked seeing them zombie walk their way to class every morning.
$C: When I become a teacher homework will be everyday! Just like when I was a kid.
$C: i would have been a much better student under this policy

&#x200B;
$C: Can confirm, wife is a 1st grade teacher and implemented it with her team
$C: Cool idea except you need homework for math. As much as I hate it, it really does help me with the material.
$C: sorry but this is fluffy and fucking stupid


A person's ability to manage themselves, manage their time, and complete dumbass assignments on schedule corresponds closely to future success

$C: Ya this only works up to like 7th grade though. Still nice I guess. 
$C: as a mother i have to help to guid my son for homework in the evenning even through he just in kindergarden 
$C: Aw this is so cool and sweet
$C: Nice fake buddy
$C: Brilliant. Wish I had this.
$C: Wish my boss had this fucking mindset.
$C: Jokes on them, I wasn't doing my homework anyway.
$C: Our k-6 has a policy of about 10 minutes per grade per night.  That's not so bad, especially if the topics are assigned intelligently.
$C: I need to see the teacher name
$C: If only colleges got this luxury. I hate writing 7 page papers 
$C: I’m a high school senior and I don’t think homework is completely bad, I just think it depends on how you implement it. 

The class where I learned the most was probably Dual Credit Calculus, a class where the professor assigned about 80 questions of work per lesson. The key though was that none of it was for a grade. This is what I think made the difference. It provided enough work that when I really needed the practice I could have it, while also taking away all the stress about having to do so much. If I felt like I had a grasp over the content in 15 minutes, I could just stop right there, but if I felt I was struggling, I could keep going. Because of this work at your own place system, I actually learned a lot (all while not hating the class)

On the other hand, I see why people hate homework though. I’ve seen a lot of teachers give busy work just for a grade. That’s when homework is bad, but if homework is done right, I think it can be immensely beneficial 

Note: the professor also gave us an answer key. So if you got something wrong you knew and could go back and figure out where you messed up (which is a learning experience on its own), and if you couldn’t figure out where you messed up, that’s what the first 15 minutes of class were for.
$C: Ding! Ding! Ding! Ding! We have a winner!
$C: This has been my policy since day 1 as a teacher. Homework is a losing proposition. 
$C: After all these years (this is my 7th or 8th account because I’m an ass) this is the smartest thing I’ve ever seen on Reddit.
$C: I always did well but I didn't prioritize getting my homework done so I failed multiple classes for getting hw zeros. I would get A's on the tests but still fail the class. 
$C: Wish more people were like this. I personally haven’t had it too bad, but some of my friends did sports which practice after school plus all of their classes homework. One friend in particular woke up at 5:30 and went to bed at 11 or 12. It just isn’t healthy.
$C: I was a C- student in high school primarily because of the amount of homework we were assigned. Literally 4+ hours a night. It got to the point where I just refused to do it anymore and would only do the minimum in order to retain my sanity. With homework often being 30-40% of a grade for a class, this resulted in C's and D's. 
$C: We have a winner
$C: I really like this approach but I think its success would depend on the strength of instruction during classtime. One of the reasons I like homework especially as a college student (gasp) is that I can go over material on my own, at my own pace, and parse it my way. Now, this really only applies to my Japanese homework.. but for pre-college I could definitely see the benefits. When I was younger one of my biggest time sinks and stressful things was math homework and it always made me feel defeated. It’s a double-edged sword... but a very interesting one at that. 
$C: My oldest is in middle school and aside from some math that will be sent home, any homework will just be unfinished class work. Math will be sent home in Friday and be turned in the following Friday. So far, it's fantastic. I hope that all schools adopt this policy K-12.
$C: Wait, was this not already a thing in the US?
$C: Yeah except for the whole instilling discipline into the lives of teenagers.  Yep no benefits from that.
$C: I always thought it was cruel to send a child to school to work for 6 hours a day, then have them do more work when they finally get home with no reward or even good psychological learning reasons. If that shit happened to adults at the workforce, it would be considered against human rights. 


I always liked this idea, as it gets kids to try harder at school to have free time home, and finish work that is actually important.
$C: I've been preaching this for as long as I can remember, homework is a waste of time. 
$C: I wish I was in that class
$C: Like this person. 
$C: How are they going to get the money from the tests if they don't spoon feed it to the kids? ALL schools are about now is the tests and kids have to do WAY too much homework to get them to do good on the tests. I don't understand?
$C: I love that she provided a list of relevant research, what a good teacher
$C: This is great!
$C: i am so jaded... i... the font OTL
$C: Thanks for making me cry
$C: That's awesome.  I hated homework in school, and still don't see the point of it.  In the real world there is no home work. 
$C: Yeah. That’ll help the kid deal with the real world!
$C: Terrible!!! Now where are students supposed to get their crippling sense of anxiety from? /s
$C: I didn't have homework as a kid in Canada either.
$C: doing it this way means less work for the underpaid teachers
$C: Hell yes
$C: I shall call this policy “My entire high school experience growing up in the 80s.”
$C: But then how will they learn the material that the teachers don’t have time to cover in class?
$C: Texan here. We go to a school that does exactly this and I'm fucking thrilled. 
$C: Bet the kids from the year before were PISSED.
$C: Hmmm sounds like a republican teacher 👌🏻
$C: Apparently this happened with a teacher at Alamo heights isd 
$C: My sons whole 6th grade has this policy
$C: I know homework was something my mom always argued against (a smart women mind you) and it was horrible for me when I got sick (leukemia,11) and even after my BMT I was very sickly for years after (hell I still am it's been 16 years lol). So missing school meant missed assignments which the school wouldn't work with me on so I had to add that to the already huge workload everyone else had. Most of it I didn't do as I got frustrated or sick again and didn't do it. Graduated by the skin of my teeth but I feel I would have done a lot better without the huge homework load. No child left behind my ass lol. Thankfully my job has helped my math skills to where I can do decent math in my head so that's a plus.
$C: That's good. I almost NEVER did my homework in K - 12 but always did well on tests and participated in class. Moral of the story,  C's get degrees and no one gives a hoot about what you did in high school. 

*removed unnecessary word
$C: Wish this had been implemented when I was in school. Looking back I saw the self defeating cycle. I got the course work and could do it in class just fine, but then just about every class gave like 3 pages of homework a night. I'd do it usually in class, get scolded for it because it was "homework" not classwork. I'd get home and just want to decompress, which usually meant doing that, eat with family, read, do something other than school work, forgetting my homework. Then I'd realize I needed to do it and either cram it in before bed or rush it after getting to school. Now do that for 6 classes in middle school per day and it did not go well. High school wasn't much better, more of the same.
$C: Extra practice never helped anyone ever
$C: Well somewhat related to this, a teacher of mine stopped giving our homework. She said it took too much time to grade it and if she doesn't want that load she's not gonna make us work extra at home. Tbh after that class performance improved.
$C: homework - as long as it isn't excessive dull work  - actually does help me. It allows me recall and synthesize what I did that day. Obviously the usual meaningless bullshit that's assigned by a lot of teachers is what I just called it, but i think the right form of hw is beneficial. I'd rather have none than the bs that's assigned by my "professors" tho because they seem to believe my life is going home and just becoming overjoyed at the fact I have another 8 hours of work cuz why not
$C: Yep, my kids as well...Unit 5 in McLean County Illinois.  3rd & 5th grades.
$C: Well... Since I manage to finish all of my work most of the time, that benifits me... If I lived in Florida
$C: Make sure to assign enough work during the day, on days where the kids slack off, there should be homework
$C: I wonder if they are going to cancel baseball, football, soccer, and lacrosse practice, too?
$C: God bless Mrs. [REDACTED]
$C: This teacher deserves a promotion
$C: Homework for high schoolers is a bit more necessary. For example, you won’t pass an AP class without doing some reading at the very least.
$C: When i was your age. We carried 30lbs of books in out backpacks an used both straps. And bootstraps
$C: Man I wish my school did this. If I didn’t have homework, I probably wouldn’t even dislike school. 
$C: thought that was a child forging until the end. 

that thought on homework has been floating around for quite a while actually but have not really seen it implemented. i believe it still has value though.
$C: Or, a great scam by an intelligent student.
$C: Yayyyy, more Fortnite.
$C: This is absurd. Homework is about discipline; even more so than academics.
$C: You see this is MY homework policy for myself
$C: The problem is the parents won't read together, play outside with them...etc.  


$C: training another generation of american idiots by farther lowering standards i see
$C: In elementary one of my teachers did this, but gave so much stuff that it basically made you have to do some at home most of the time. 
$C: The shadow on the paper reminds me of a upside down Spider-Man 
$C: This just means that the teacher doesn’t want to grade papers for 2hrs every night. 
$C: That font is just awful and eating dinner with family is overrated ;)
$C: Wish high schools did this.
$C: No homework-good. But they should have something to work on at home. It's better for kids to still be given something to do to create study habits.
$C: Damn, nice karma farm 
$C: This is nice. Except a lot of family's aren't eating together, doing activities together, reading together or doing anything to improve their child's education.

Sometimes that's why homework is necessary.
$C: I remember when I hit middle school I lost my steam to do homework about 3 weeks into my first year. Teachers would say "20-30 minutes of homework each night is a reasonable amount to complete" but 30 minutes X 4 classes + what you didnt finish in class can easily turn into 3-4 hours of homework for a 12 year old. Throw in whatever extra curricular activities the kid has and it's amazing how little time there is.

When you spend an hour a day commuting, 7 hours at school, 3 hours of homework, 2 hours of extracurriculars, an hour to eat during the day, that leaves 2 hours a day (if you dont get held up in traffic or homework) to just be a kid before you have to go to bed at a healthy time to start it all over again.

It's really not surprising that by the time I was in grade 10 I had lost all interest in even attempting to stay on top of my classes
$C: Glad I get to do some pre calculus math, chemistry, and English vocab words tonight.... 
$C: I always finished my homework in school. Because I wanted to do other things outside of school.  In high school I got straight to my next class so I could finish any homework before class began. 
$C: If she wasn't a Mrs. I'd propose blindly right now.
$C: I failed all four years of elements school and I'm doing fine in high school
$C: Clearly not maths
$C: When my school implemented this “policy” they would just assign a shit ton of assignments during the day that no one would ever finish and would have to work on at home. We needed up having more homework then we did before.
$C: Wow....this teacher understands it. This is how you groom a child for the endeavours in life as you become an adult. The stuff I learned out of school made a far bigger impact on my life than the stuff I learned in school....this is great

Unless you live in a broken home
$C: Never did my homework in school, only classes where my grades suffered because of it were classes I didn't care for to start with, everything else I always did well because I was interested and paying attention in class so the homework was more just memory stuff 
$C: This breeds one type of student. Those who work fast and well in the classroom environment in the morning to mid-afternoon.

Independent and slow learners who think more clearly at night have to suffer through whatever in-class exercises are expected and then do the reminder at home.

The message is "fast and wrong means evenings off."
$C: I wish my school did this...cause I pretty much always finish my work during that class. 
$C: I wish this were the policy while I was in school. I’m glad things are shifting.
$C: Signed Mrs Bloody Red
$C: Man, I would have done so much better in school if my teachers had this attitude.
$C: You do know that you have homework college right. It takes about 13 years to perfect studying and homework. Earlier the better. Life is a book of studying in it self. I don’t agree with it
$C: I need this in my life.
$C: My son got one of these with about the same wording... a form letter maybe?
$C: It's funny, this is the only reason I got mediocre grades in junior high and high school. I never did assigned homework, I worked almost full time through high school, and didn't see the need. 

I always scored high marks on the tests and quizzes,  but the almost non existant homework mark always brought my average down.
$C: That shadow is an interesting one. I don't know of anybody who holds their phone that way to take a picture.
$C: I think this is a sound policy. It really is a good idea to free kid's time up to possible engage in reading. The act of reading is so valuable to education. You are definitely better off for it. 
$C: I was considered gifted in elementary school.  From grades 3 through 6, did about 3 hours of homework every night.  It wasn’t until middle school that I became disenfranchised with the concept of homework, and due to my refusal to do it, was held back, arbitrarily, for half a year at the end of grade 8.  So, I had to start high school one semester behind my peers, and managed to finish high school on time due to going to summer school every year.  

I’m convinced that the only effect homework had was developing a deep resentment between myself and institutionalized education.
$C: This is actually super smart I wish I had this at my school because then I would actually work for something
$C: I had teachers that had such an ingrained notion of homework, they'd hand out a homework assignment in class with thirty minutes of class time left and not allow us to work on it. We'd instead twiddle our thumbs for the remaining time because "homework is done at home."

I got low grades on homework because I wasn't very focused on completing more schoolwork after six hours of school. I was distracted, and my grades suffered. And my morale suffered because my grades suffered. And I began to care less about my grades as they got worse because bad grades were bumming me out. I got burned out and unenthused before even completing elementary school.

I'm not blaming homework for my failing in school, but I'm just saying that homework certainly did not help my education whatsoever in any capacity. If kids aren't adequately learning the subject matter in school, then perhaps there's something wrong with the utilization of class time in school.
$C: Best ever! Like when I was a kid!!!!
$C: My kid's teacher is doing the same thing this year. I am so happy!
$C: Homework doesn’t take that long so you can do this anyway. This is fucking retarded and homework certainly helps
$C: My daughter is going into Kindergarten this fall. I really hope her school will start a similar policy soon!
$C: I guess this seems like a reasonable policy for elementary school and such. I don't know about the later years, though. If you go through high school not having to do any homework, you're going to be in for some tough times if you go to college because you will rarely have enough time to do any meaningful work in class. Learning to read, study, and complete assignments outside of a college classroom is essential. Building good habits such as these are important but I suppose it could wait until middle school.
$C: *sniff* *sniff* You the real MVP. 
$C: Guess they should just give tons of work in class and then it turns into homework... Isn't that essentially the same thing? 

My teacher would tell us ahead of time what was for homework, and if people finished it in class, then they didnt have homework...
$C: This is evolution of mankind 
$C: I had this in 4th grade. We always had a competition of who could finish first.
$C: The problem is that parents don't want to spend time with their kids. Im a middle school teacher. 
$C: Fucking. Brilliant. Who woulda thought 
$C: My math teacher back in 11th grade did exactly this and it was the best thing any teacher has done for our class. Sucked that he had to retire the very next year 
$C: Where is this teacher located?
$C: Let’s get the students to go on strike by not doing homework. Oh wait...most of them don’t do homework anyways 
$C: This fool is whack. I didn't have a family or parents growing up so I pretty much ate by myself every day of my life. 

I have a PhD in science and make pretty decent money. 
$C: I to tried to finish all my homework in study hall in highschool so I wouldn't need to do it at home.  Other days I slept and gave the homework to future self.  
$C: This was literally the advice Norway? gave the US in Michael Moore's film "Where to invade next". That and suspending standardized testing. 
$C: Are we just gonna ignore the font here? Atrocity.
$C: I wonder how much clap back this teacher received?
$C: I’ve read this is good for elementary. Parents end up doing it anyway. Middle and high school concepts may require more practice though....maybe? I guess I didn’t really do much of my homework anyway and still graduated and now I got my degree! Which hasn’t helped me much I’m still self employed but I guess it looks nice to people.
$C: "Practice assignments do improve scores on class tests at all grade levels. A little amount of homework may help elementary school students build study habits. ... Homework can foster independent learning and responsible character traits" - Duke University, 2006
https://today.duke.edu/2006/09/homework_oped.html
$C: Im wishing I was born a little bit later, even though I never did any homework it e(a?)ffected my grade quite a bit.
$C: STEM needs additional time than allocated in the classroom.  
$C: My butthole
$C: Anecdotal, but I did my best in math classes that pressed me hard about doing homework and the fact that there were quizzes every Friday. It was a higher level math class, calc 3, and it was tough but for the first time I really felt like I was learning the material.

Homework sucks, but on some level you need to crank out more problems than can reasonably be done during lecture which is when you should be exposed to the content.

She's got a point but I wouldn't completely toss out the idea of assigning homework.
$C: (slow clap)
$C: To bad most parents think they are too busy to even do these things.  
$C: Great to see changes coming around. My school life was basically so much homework from each teacher that we never got to go out. However, summer vacations were fun up until 2010. Then they started giving summer homeworks too :(
$C: I’m student teaching in the spring but went in for the first few days of school this fall. The teacher I’m working with also eliminated homework. Their hw consists of studying spelling words, reading, playing outside, practicing math facts, and anything that will help them perform better in the classroom. I also plan to do this with my students when I start next fall. 
$C: Wow if I had teachers like this growing up I probably would have actually graduated high school
$C: As much as I hated homework, I have trouble believing this. The only way to reinforce the knowledge that you learn is to put it into practice. You don't become proficient in something just by having someone explain it to you. 
$C: I need this in my fucking life.  

We have lives to live, especially the older we get. Homework interferes with that. I would go to work from the moment I got out of school till the store closes if I didnt have homework. I would actually get to see my friends outside of school (one of them does their homework from the moment they get home till 1 or 2 am in the worst cases, 11 or 12 is average)

I know what I said about me working and being able to see my friends is a little contradictory, but you get the idea.

The other big thing is that its just more stress in life. For any teen these days, there's alot of stress in life. For example:

 "You need to get good grades so you don't flip burgers for the rest of your life" 

"you need to figure out what to do with your life"

"Haha, you stupid fucking idiot, your birth was a mistake" (to clarify, that's bullying as a whole)

Not to mention just mental problems too. Anxiety, depression, etc. 

Homework can just become a burden.

Sprry about that essay, this topic just gets me fired up.
$C: I need this teacher for my kids
$C: Sounds like something good for elementary schools, but if they dont start in high school, boy are they gonna be fucked in university.
$C: Oh my. Can't wait to see how these kids handle college.
$C: No, my children must suffer the same as I did. Also, I would think its important to have the parents teach academically as well as day to day things. It helps communication between child and parent as well as thought behaviors to find solutions that the teacher might not address. Its Also actually 1 on 1 teaching as opposed to group/school teaching which we all know is less effective.
$C: Homework is supposed to force you into study schedule. 

This is going to hurt kids in the future. It's a huge reality check when you get to college and realize that you actually have a lot of your plate. 
$C: Indian and Asian parents about to have a heart attach.
$C: Lucky bastard!
$C: I mean in my experience, for a lot of teachers all that really means is more schoolwork.
$C: Meanwhile my geometry teacher just gave us 50 questions of something we barely know for homework on the 3rd day of school.
$C: Too late for me 
$C: I find it crazy this isn't standard. That's just how it works every year of school I've had. Sometimes teachers give more work than they know the kids can get done in class, but it's just a few textbook questions that don't take too long to do and we've deemed worth learning(how useful grade 5 history really is is debatable, but that's not a problem with homework it's a problem with curriculum).
$C: My daughter’s school does this too. I wish this was when I was a student. Every night I had a ton of homework, and when  I was done it was bedtime. 
$C: I'd have been a good student if not for homework. B's on every test but never did a lick of homework so it was D's for me. My Parents didn't give a shit and i never got into college. In spite of that I've worked my way into a great white collar job and realized that there isn't much "homework" in real life. I've always wondered why kids gets hours of it every night when most adults don't. 
$C: now what about for high school?
$C: I did maybe 1% to .1% of my homework actually at home. I still passed. Imagine if they just gave me the proper workload for the day my grades possibly could've avg'd 5% higher.
$C: Mrs. Rockstar?
$C: My children’s school began this exact program last year. It has made such an incredible difference in the way our day concludes. 
$C: I’m skeptical 
$C: I'm a high school teacher.

I do not assign homework. 

I'm not there to supervise and assist them.

If they can't do it, it's defeating.

If they can do it, it's a waste of time.

Many of my students work like adults when they leave school.

I give them time in class to work on everything. If they don't get it done in class, it's on them to do so on their own time. 
$C: From my experience, I believe homework is important. I had trouble learning within the classroom. But when I took the assignment home with me I was able to practice on my own time and learn in my own way.
$C: Had this at my school. Worked well
$C: [deleted]
$C: Kids in third grade have no idea how tough it is out there

$C: This was implemented in my school a looong time ago. Worked very well : )
$C: People are lazy. They won’t do things as a family
$C: Teacher's. Not teachers. Maybe you should have had a little more homework.
$C: Huh. My primary and Highschool were like this. No proper homework unless you didn’t finish work in class. Pretty awesome policy though 
$C: does this apply to ap classes in high school if so someone should tell all my teachers 
$C: Is there any correlation that homework gets in the way of spending time with family?
$C: Someone doesn’t want to spend their evenings grading papers. Well played Mrs, well played...
$C: My high school does this and has for a while with most classes
$C: Those are also things that hinder indoctrination. 
$C: Lol because this will totally fix dysfunctional families...
$C: Great teacher. They’re starting to do this here in Connecticut too.
$C: Kindergarten teacher here.  I have the same policy with the addition that parents spend at least 15 minutes reading aloud with their child.
$C: I never once got assigned "Homework" in school, maybe I was lucky? 
$C: "We've updated our homework policy"
$C: I'm so glad things are getting much better for present-day students. Back then, since I started 5th grade, they created a cruel homework policy. This is when they also had students from homeroom go to different teachers for each subject time. Our teachers go down the aisle and check each student to make sure they did all their homework, both correctly and made sure they filled out all answers. If you had even one answer missing, they counted as "You didn't do your homework" and give you detention for a week and make you write a half-page paragraph five times. I've witnessed horrible moments from fellow students. The worst one being my best friend got detention on her birthday from one of the meanest teachers.
$C: Mother fucking hell. Can my kid please have this teacher? 
$C: Is anyone gonna point out that the title is missing the possessive and should read "Teacher's Homework Policy?"
$C: Man this makes me so angry about my childhood. 
$C: You don't even get much homework in elementary. Homework is just about building practice outside of school, this policy is dumb.
$C: My school has finally pushed back the start time of school!
An entire hour more in our mornings!!
$C: This is very successful, at least in my case. I was struggling at a school that was large and piled on homework like crazy and that and working an after school job combined was kicking my butt and contributing to my grades slipping very hard. I transferred to a much smaller school with amazing teachers who could devote more time to the students and to my amazement never assigned homework. I graduated a straight A student thanks to the help of that school and it’s amazing teachers and I honestly miss it even now 10 years after graduating. 
$C: I feel like I should be compensated for all the years I wasted on homework during my schooling. 
$C: For fuck sale why was this not around when I was at school? We were shouted at if caught doing the homework in the lesson, after finishing the normal work
$C: This type of policy, within the last 3 years anyway, is usually based on the research by [Marzano](https://www.google.com/search?client=ms-android-att-us&ei=XxV-W5rmAojejwSntKOYBA&q=marzano&oq=marzano&gs_l=mobile-gws-wiz-serp.3..46i131j0i67l3j46.5522.7428..8425...0.0..0.189.1191.0j7....3..0....1.......3..0j41j0i71j0i131j46i67j46i131i67j0i10j46i10.vXe025GIcyg)
$C: This is how I did all my homework from middle school to the day I graduated. If I didn't have enough time to do it in school, I didn't do it.
$C: and here i am with 3 books and 4 essays to write as summer reading 
$C: All this does is give the kid an excuse to not do work during class. “I’ll just do it at home” is something I hear a lot in my class.
$C: I had a year of this in the middle of my American education experience when I lived in Canada for a year. It made soooo much sense especially for little kids!
$C: This will make kids even lazier.
$C: Showing this to my home room teacher
$C: Wtf, I thought all schools had this in affect? 
$C: Getting this letter is my dream
$C: Bruh I had the old 1 hour of homework per class aka 5 million hours of homework a night
$C: Best teacher.....EVER!!
$C: Good. Homework is fucking stupid.
$C: Oh sure like that's going to happen. Play family together? .  Kids will be on their phones or watching TV.  My kids had about 2 hrs of homework a night and some of our best times were working through it with them. And sometimes they deserved to be strangled.   "I know you got the answer right but you don't understand why.... So until I think you understand it.... It's wrong".  My kids are highly productive successful adults and great parents. And I honestly think homework and our interaction with them had more than a little to do with it.  Face it... This is laziness... Don't pretend it's anything else 
$C: Where was this when my junior high teacher was assigning 50+ math problems a night?
$C: Yeah this is a great idea *mumbles about having lots of homework as a kid*
$C: I don't understand this. Studying is like  exercising but for your mind.

Sure doing schoolwork is important but it's like doing a single set of Curls.

You still need to follow that up with another couple of sets to get any benefits.

It's like a person that does a light workout everyday and complains that they aren't building muscle or losing weight. 
$C: Can you tell my professors that? Would be appreciated. 
$C: I don't think this is such a bad policy, depending on what grade this is for. Note that it doesn't say "watch TV with your kid or plop them down in front of a PS4". It says to do other things that will be beneficial to the child's growth.  
Of course all of the parents will probably just park them in front of a TV.
$C: The proof is out there.
Check where the US ranks in education vs other developed nation's.
As those high ranking Countries prepare their youth for life and success, America prepares their youth for recess and fast food jobs.
It's competition, and the field is the youth of the world.
Want fries with that burger!

$C: Homework is to practice what you have learned. To be ready for tests/exams imo.

However, I don't agree with the overbearing tons of homework, which I experienced growing up in South East Asia. Imagine being a kid, 7-8 subjects/classes and having homework EACH night for EACH one, with a minimum of 10 or 15 problems/questions.
$C: Wowowowowowoeowow hold up. There are teachers that gave homework that you didn’t have time for in class WTF. In my 12 years of school not once that I can remember did a teacher not give us class time to work on it. Not once did they just say yeah here you go this is homework. I genuinely thought that was just a myth. 
$C: My kid didnt have homework all last year for 3 rd grade.  Then a few weeks before the STAR test, turns out she was having trouble because we had no chance to practice with and help her all year.  We had to spend weeks playing high speed catch up so she could pass the test.  Turns out some homework would have been helpful.
$C: How did this get 100k upvotes and gold? This is a repost. 
$C: this would have helped me. immensely.
$C: The only homework I really agree with is really anything with applied sciences and group projects. Applied science homework is important for uncovering learning gaps so you can review them with the teacher on the next day or figure out at home. Many of the things you learn in those classes serve as foundations for the future and can make the class really difficult if you don't understand. Group projects are good because they teach you how shitty people are from a young age when it comes to work.
$C: Guess I was ahead of the curve... I rarely, if ever did any homework. Nearly got suspended for it too. 

I’m an Engineer now.
$C: HOMEWORK IS TERRORISM YES
$C: So apparently several parts of the USA have implemented this entirely. Sitting here in India, I'm feeling so sad knowing that this will probably take millenia for this to come in here :(
$C: I taught 4th grade for awhile and tried to implement a no-homework policy one year. I had parents who actually complained about it. Damned if you do, damned if you don't ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
$C: I goto a school where there’s no homework 
$C: I teach. This is my informal policy. I don’t put it in writing because I don’t want anybody taking issue with it. 

Truth is, once I let work leave the classroom there is no telling who does the work. So it’s better for everyone to just not mess with it. 
$C: I got one of these in like fifth grade. 13 or 14 years ago. 
$C: Yer killin it Ms. J!
$C: Best policy ever! This should have been implemented ages ago.
$C: My little brother is in High School and he is getting the same policy 
$C: Maybe @KSU needs a hint 
$C: More time for Fortnite.
$C: I would have easily been a 3.5+ student if this was the case. I had no interest in frivolous time wasters. 
$C: Fifth year high school teacher here, this has been my exact policy every year. I don't wanna grade all that shit!
$C: Wow
$C: Even when it was not this way I still did this.  If I didn’t get my homework done during class it would be done either right before school or during study hall/ another class.  The only thing I’d ever do outside of school hours would be projects.
$C: Then everybody clapped 
$C: I live in Australia and this isn’t really a thing, but most homework is stuff we haven’t completed, but the teachers can set more work than is possible to complete in a lesson
$C: This brought tears to my eyes. 
$C: This isn't new. I do this in my classroom. When students ask if I assign homework I tell them "I don't assign homework, you assign yourself homework" 
$C: They'll have to get used to it at some point it doesn't go away sadly
$C: Wonder how long until the "let me speak to your manager" mom sues the school for telling her how to spend time with her kids.
$C: Big problem in public education is endless catering to the lowest common denominator. I seem to remember about 40 percent of the school day was completely wasted when I was in high school.  
$C: Looks like it was written by a savvy student.
$C: The school that my children go to also has a no homework policy, we are on the second year of no homework. Our schools grade improved overall as far as students test scores go after the first year of no homework so we will see how it goes in year two. 
$C: For elementary and middle school that's great but you need to practice if you wanna be successful in the later stages of high school.
$C: It's about time.
$C: What if you don’t have a life outside school?
$C: For me I was that kid that asked for homework to help buffer my test grades lmao... my friends hated me!
$C: Yet Arizona High schools don't enforce this nor use this. *sigh*
$C: Fuck my life. My hs hw was bullshit. 
$C: My step son started school in a new county this year and his 2nd grade teacher had an almost identical homework policy. We just have him read after chores when he gets home, then it's dinner and he has the rest of the evening to do what he wants. Two weeks into the school year and it seems to be going great!
$C: Where the fuck was this bitch when I was a kid? 


She’s not a bitch, she’s actually awesome.... did it for the comedic effect. 
$C: What about math,foreign languages and other areas that need repetition to learn?

I have a hard time believing research shows you can really master mathematics without practice problems. Abandoning homework for these subjects seems like a disservice to the students 
$C: How very late 90s / early 2000s of this...Very popular back during the "equity" push in public education.

The most comprehensive study of homework's effect on academic achievement showed a positive correlation for students 7th grade and higher. 
http://journals.sagepub.com/doi/abs/10.3102/00346543076001001
 
$C: If this is just in elementary school I can get behind this. If it continues through middle school and then into highschool I can see it developing some bad habits.

In college homework is, id go as far to say, 70% of the work you are going to do. most of everything that will get cemented into your brain will be done so while studying and doing your homework *after class*. If kids all the way through highschool don't have a lick of homework its gonna be a reality check when they get to college. 
$C: I think the ftal flaw or moral danger in this policy is that, as a parent, there's no way to monitor your child's educational progress. Its one size fit all BS.

You almoat guarantee that a kid who's not 'getting it' is going to get to the mid-semester or full term and be unable to recover in time. When your kid's lazy a-- teacher either isnt paying attention or doesnt care to clue you in to their struggles, they're going to be f- hard for a while. Anything that builds on something else like math (fractions?) is going to leave a bunch of kids lost with no parental recourse. 

The 'science' behind this kind of all-in educational policy is such pseudo-BS. 

It will undoubtedly be fine for smart kids who are engaged good listeners. Its going to be a disaster for kids who daydream in class. Its going to be a cluster for parents who parent their kids, just like common core math was. 
$C: Finally
$C: My son is in second grade. His homework consists of a chart with different activities including: clean your room, help mom with laundry, empty dishwasher, build a raft that floats, play a board game, etc. pretty amazing in my opinion 
$C: Same thing here my kids teacher said the same thing to me during open house wow. 
$C: Why couldn’t this research have been done when I was a kid. 
$C: My high school did this back in 2013
$C: What state?
$C: Man I wish they implemented this back when I started school. In 5th grade I never really did the math homework and was sent out in the hall to do some of it while the class went over it. Sometimes I wasn't allowed back in till I finished the sheet and that meant I missed part of the lesson, making it harder for me to understand what was being taught. It turned into an endless cycle of me not doing homework and being out in the hallways. I am very bright but homework made my acedemic life suck. I already was dealing with abuse at home then being picked on in school since I was so awkward from being abused. I was fearful of many men teachers and still have issues with other ptsd struggles. It's making the decision to further my degree hard since a lot of physical side affects have shown up lately. 
$C: This is my homework policy as well! 
$C: Dude if those little fuckers get out of doing homework I’m gonna be pissed! Did that shit for 17 years 
$C: I now have to do none of those things because she asked me to do them. 
$C: Where I study, most teachers will assign homework but they simply don't give a damn if you do it or not. The thing is that if you don't do shit you'll probably do pretty bad on tests. 
$C: Isn’t this the fortnite font?
$C: 104k in 4 hours. It's almost as if nobody likes homework. 
$C: I would have killed to have teachers like this 👏🏼
$C: Absolutely love this!
$C: I had one teacher that did this in high school. 

I was not a stellar student by any means but I definitely finished my work in that class faster than anything else.
$C: I’m not a parent, so I don’t know how much of their time is sucked up helping with homework, but based on my school experience I never thought homework was hard. It’s essentially just practice work for tests that count towards your grade. It actually helps, because if you just do your homework, you have a cushion to help with any bad test scores. Without a homework component of your grade, tests are weighted heavier. I pretty much never studied, so if I had no homework, I would’ve failed everything. 
$C: my language arts teacher does this and she's my favorite teacher lmao
$C: Now when I have kids I can say “Back in my day, we came home from school to do more school at home!” 
$C: and above all else please limit their time spent on fortnite
$C: I love this idea! 
$C: That's epic right there!  🖖
$C: you probably typed that shit yourself
$C: A comprehensive meta-analysis on almost two decades of research suggests that this teacher didn't do their homework: http://journals.sagepub.com/doi/abs/10.3102/00346543076001001
$C: Fuck, im jealous 
$C: My childhood was dick around all day in school and then come home and do 4-5 hours of math olympiad practice.

I was a weird kid.
$C: I assume there will be pressure on teachers to fit more work in their day to day schedule, right? Not saying kids are speeding up the process by doing homework, but won't it take more reinforcement on a subject to make sure kids are where they need to be at the end of the day? 
$C: I mean that’s pretty much what I did. I would get the homework assignment in school and start and finish it during class. Boom no homework!
$C: I knew I was doing something right when I just didn’t do homework throughout my schooling. 
$C: Wish college was like this. 
$C: RepoSt
$C: G. q. L CBGB ggpa
$C: my parents would flip out if I said I have no homework from school for the day. 

yep. i am asian~
$C: Assuming, of course, that the parent(s) are not working multiple jobs or long hours just to afford to live, and therefore cannot have dinner with their kids. I agree with the first half of this - there is no evidence that homework allows for learning, and some research that it impedes learning. 
$C: Me and my friends would meet up after school at this park a few times a week to do homework but would just end up skating for hours and hours until it was passed the time we should've been home. I miss high school .... 
$C: Wish they had done this when I was going to school. I almost never did homework, but I always did well on my exams. It sucked that homework was always like 10-20% of your grade.
$C: I can’t remember the last time I came home from 8 hours of studying and doing boring work, then being able to relax at home. Usually end up with another hour or two of work. Then by time I finish it’s already 4pm. Homework really really doesn’t help me at all besides giving me simply more work to do in a more distracting environment. It’s not even like you can blow it off, you either do it or you fail. My school needs to get this because there are so many people at my school that never do homework, so even if they understand and do well on tests their grades are dropping because they want to relax when they get home. 
$C: I just graduated high school. As a senior, I went above and beyond. I have 5 classes at college (through out high schools dual enrollment program) and then 3 online just to meet high school graduation requirements. I also worked a part time job. I would have 3 to 4 hours of homework a night. I was really struggling in every subject. Eventually I got to the point that I started doing the bare minimum every night/week. I could have been an A student but instead resorted to B/C average. Granted I had bitten off a little more than I could chew, I dont agree that homework helped me. Homework made me fall behind in every subject. 
$C: Meanwhile here I am with summer math homework.
$C: My 10th grade math teacher did this, since I dropped down a level in math from the previous year the course was easier for me and we had 30ish minutes to do the work so I would blow through it. 
$C: I feel like this is a r/humansbeingbros moment.

The fact that the teacher both decided to enact the policy and the fact that they wrote such a detailed note explaining why really shows that they care. An action of a true bro.
$C: its all a lie, they will just increase workload in class so there will always be incomplete work.
$C: Maybe a parent or school teacher can explain to my single ass self, but that plan sounds like a lot of work. Wouldn’t every student need to be reviewed and assigned what they didn’t get done that day before going home? 
$C: I feel like in 1000 years, life will just be one bad azz neverending party
$C: I would have made straight As. I always rocked at classwork, effed off on the homework. 
$C: It's really strange seeing american kids care sp much about grades and school. During High school, I had almost exclusively 4s (lowest passable grade in Czech republic).  Never did any unimportant homework, never really tried.

Then I graduated, 4s again. I got into a university - turns out I'm not stupid. I graduated in economics 2 years ago, this time with good grades (avg. 1.58).

High school did not in any way define my career.


$C: If this becomes the norm and is proven to be successful, I will have some teachers to hunt down and rub their stupid faces in it. I've been harping on about this since I was in school!

As such my grades were pretty poor because I believed school time = school time and home time = home time. You need to be able to switch off!
$C: Every year I send a letter telling my kids teachers just this. 
$C: The only two classes I have this year that assign homework are Alg II and Eng II, I tend to be able to finish them at lunch and have yet to take home homework, roughly 30 minutes of homework in important classes is a perfect amount imo.
$C: This can't be real
$C: This is the policy I instituted in my classes wherever I could sneak it past district regulations. 

We always finished the curriculum and would sometimes even have a couple weeks at the end to spare. 

My kids retained the in class knowledge and came to school excited about learning. 

Three cheers for this policy. 
$C: Yes!!
$C: I love this concept although I think students and parents should keep a journal of what you do after school. When your past weeks entries look Monday- dinner, tv Tuesday- dinner, tv etc. It may help people realize maybe they should try something different.
$C: Seriously, I remembered in middle school trying to figure out the time I’m investing in school. Classes started at 8:30 am and we get out of school at 3:30. 45 minutes recess. 7:15 of ‘work’ and then do about an average of 2-3 hours of homework every night. When it’s close to end of a semester, it’s close to 4-5 hours for 2-3 weeks finishing up projects. I live in NYC and go to school using the subway and it’s about 35-45 minutes each way because it’s MTA.(it’s terrible). That’s literally 12 hours or more of literally no free time. There are other kids with after school programs that’s 1-2 extra hours. I knew people worked 8 hours a day and have no homework. I felt I was barely learning anything at school too. 
$C: I want this teacher. My son struggles with homework and gets so frustrated with it. It takes him all evening even with my help
$C: I stressed out so much about school when I was growing up. In high school I remember regularly being up between 1 and 3am still working on homework. It was hell, and I don't even remember most of the crap I was stressed about. I really wish schools would at least ease up on the homework load for kids and teenagers. 
$C: Where were these policies when i was in school? 
$C: God this makes me so MAD. Thank God its happening though 
$C: Meanwhile, I get 3hrs of homework daily and now my schools taking away advisory periods.
$C: My high school does this in Australia, made year 7-9 so relaxing and easy.
$C: What homeschoolers have known for sometime. 
$C: This is basically my unwritten policy. Granted, I teach teenagers, so keeping 30 of them on task during class usually results in them having homework. But that’s still a valuable lesson.  
$C: I wish if it happens

$C: My school is ret as red and doesn't do this
$C: I'm a CT high school teacher and I do the same thing. I want my students to not have another thing to worry about but also I know the bullshit that other teachers assign and all their extra curricular activities they're invested in. I'd rather have them live their life than worry about doing busy work at home that I personally don't want to grade. However, if a student wastes my time in class, I waste their time. My students know that and my classroom productivity shot up.
$C: Apart from no homework, we had Saturdays off too.... Those were the days. 
$C: In high school I was a straight A- to B+ student because I never did the homework, if I actually did it I'd probably been top 10% of my class. It's redundant and useless for the most part it's busy work. Right now I'm going to college to teach highschool English you can bet your ass the only homework I'm going to assign them is finishing their damn papers and projects. We're doing everything in class.
$C: Wow. I remember having 3-4 hours of calc hw every night 
$C: :-/ no fair
$C: I like the policy for high school because if they’re behind, they take this routine where they ideally commit more of their day. For ages lower than HS it’s a no-brainer. I’d do one “email” question a week for HS, one day before the next class.

I sort of disagree with end-game HS and college as I think big projects prepare you for the real world and collaboration does too, even though people hate it. Getting rid of homework at the highest levels would take a massive overhaul. Homework is basically what a masters is.
$C: Like in France. 
$C: This is how I’ve run homework for years. What’s the point in having them do work when the person qualified to help them isn’t here to do the helping?
$C: Having been an undiagnosed ADHD kid when I was in school, I really struggled with work like math that, once I'd figured it out, seemed like a big tedious mountain that wasn't worth climbing and would be impossible anyway. A policy like this could have raised my GPA by a full point or more. 
$C: Were all dying,  act accordingly. 
$C: Parents/families won’t do that. 
$C: Finally, someone who understands..
$C: Mrs Redstripe is a legend
$C: No real change, right? Assign a big project in class, don't do it/shoot the shit in class, do it for homework...

Find it unlikely that there is no correlation between doing extra hours of practice, reading, thinking, wondering, arguing, etc (learning) at home and performance in class. 
$C: /sniff
$C: Hooo boy will these kids be in for a rude awakening when they go to college.
$C: Being in her class must feel like winning the lottery.
$C: This is brilliant! 
$C: Definitely agree with this as a 4th grade math/science teacher. The only thing different I do is assign a handful of problems,no more than 7 or 8, twice a week. The problems are consisted of material they've already gone over. I use it as a way to keep it in their memory so they dont forget how to do it come end of the year test. Plus, our county rule is never anything new or currently working on as homework. Specifically when learning new strategies. 
$C: Lucky bastards. Our teachers (regardless of being regular or ap) just want to watch us spiral into Oblivion. At least as far as I've been told by others...
$C: Eat dinner as a family. 
$C: This is a great concept, where can I read those studies to show my sister for his sons.
$C: Must be kindergarten...
$C: For fuck's sake, what about the three hours a night of homework I did that I was slow at and really hated!
$C: Wish it was like this when I was in school. Got around 30-60minutes of homework from at least half of my classes each day. I’d say around 1-1.5hs a night.

 Not that I hardly ever did my homework. But it would of prevented me of skipping classes to get away from being told off every couple of days. 
$C: That’s been my policy for years. Homework does help if the kid needs practice, but good luck trying to sorting out who needs practice and when. 

Think about it. You finish a math lesson in class, but it hasn’t sunk in 1) is the teacher going to know that you need practice at that point and 2) is the kid going to voluntarily practice. 

Math scores are in the toilet in the aggregate, and homework isn’t the main mode of learning. 

So homework will have a low impact. 
$C: It's a good way to make kids work at school instead of screwing around. Also parents will know their kids aren't paying attention in class or may need extra tutoring.
$C: As it should have been when my son was in school. He had so much homework, even in first grade!
$C: Have a no homework but mandatory tutoring policy once a week for each student. minimum 20 minutes, max 45 minutes unless they would like to stay for more on their own.

Much more fun/effective, at least for this teacher.
$C: top notch
$C: Colleges should implement this
$C: I would kill someone to have this applied to my school
$C: This is how I went through school, save for projects, and it worked well to me. 
$C: If I wanted to confront my son's current school, do you by any chance happen to know what kind of research is the teacher here refering to? I want to forward said research to the appropiate people.

Thanks a lot!
$C: Bless Mrs. (.)(.) Sweet tits
$C: I enacted this same policy back when I was in school.
$C: I never did homework, teachers said i was lazy guess i was just too car ahead of the times for them to comprehend. .
$C: I'm in NY and I used to dread leaving work...then going home, getting dinner going, trying to help my elementary & middle school sons with homework, then by the time that was done, bathe them, & off to bed. Stressing over algebra (which I never took) or mounds of science or social studies homework stressed is all out and typically wasn't complete until after 8pm. And when my younger son started sports? Forget about it. We were all fried. I can honestly say that M-F, quality time spent with my sons actually doing something fun or as a family, was few and far between. 
$C: Now can I get a refund on all those meaningless International Business / Business Ethics / Consumer Behavior 101 assignments?
$C: I remember my 3rd grade teacher did this. It was amazing and every student loved her for it.
$C: I don’t know if I’m with this idea 100% (not that anyone cares). I remember homework being a great chance to practice the material, as well as practice time management. 
$C: I suffered through HS and now this is becoming a thing???? Reeeeeeee
At least uni better be more research oriented and not “homework”
$C: Is there a correlation between the number of times this gets reposted and the amount of karma they farm for it?
$C: Why couldn’t they have done this when I was a kid!
$C: I brought this up at my kid's school, they looked at me like I was an alien speaking a language they didn't understand.
$C: God fucking bless this teacher. 
$C: My school was like that.
I do not know if it was because I never did any homework or because I went to high school.
$C: So, I never really cared about homework.  Probably did it say..... 5% of the time. As long as your class grades test and exams over homework, take your C and move on.
$C: NA education LMAO
$C: Brilliant....give them the entire night to sharpen thejr swj vocabulary and communist maifesto. Look out 2030 is getting dimmer.
$C: I've never given homework as it's just a behavior grade. The good kids with good home lives will have little trouble getting it done; however, those that don't have a great home life or aren't the most studious can't/won't get it done. Doesn't belong as part of their numerical grade as it often doesn't show what they know in the first place. Especially in a world where you can google any question. 
$C: Well this would be nice.  My son is in 1st and they even give out homework during breaks like Christmas/Winter break and spring break.  
$C: Meanwhile in Japan, students have oodles of homework even over the summer break, go to cram school every day after school, and have 6-day school weeks. 
$C: This is actually what my third grade was like. Those were the days
$C: >Teacher's

Someone didn't do their English homework...
$C: Not all heros wear capes 
$C: Imagine if teachers let students solve a tough homework problem in front of the class. But they have to create the right environment for the student. To learn the ability to believe in oneself, be not afraid of public speaking, be willing to admit that you do not know YET the answer to the problem BUT you are willing to listen and learn. And to know that no matter how many people might want to make fun of you, that there is at least one person on your team. What an amazing life learning experience that would be for a student.. Instead of "dull same 'Ole" repetition. 
$C: My high school does this, it's great.
$C: 125k and 2 golds for a repost. ive been doin it wrong this whole time...
$C: Why was this my school but without a notice? ( i was part of the Montessori Program in Canada)
$C: Its the same post from last year... 
$C: Yet the punctuation is terrible and its typed in comic sans 
$C: I wonder whether the kids will be able to solve the problems at home if they couldn't even solve them in school. Any insight? Any parents or children here that can enlighten me?
$C: this kinda seems like dumb new age bs. i’m sorry... there is no chance homework isn’t massively helpful in learning, especially in math and science. i was a bad student in HS, never did my hw... then didn’t do well on tests. in college i always did hw even though it wasn’t graded and did exceptionally well because i could practice the concepts. 
$C: What’s with the gatekeeping?
$C: And the Asian parents are pissed....... and now assigning their kids homework. 
$C: “And it means I don’t have to spend my evenings grading the previous day’s homework, allowing me to do the things I’m recommending you do with your kids.”
$C: This is what my math teachers, albeit 4 unique ones, did the whole time I was in grade school from 6th to 12th grade. I really don’t think this strategy would fit outside of a math class, or in any class where the teacher excels in the topic, since in all my classes where that was the case we utilized the vast majority of the time in the classroom. I was in majority AP/ DE classes past 10th grade tho, so I’m not sure if that affected my experiences in a major way.

The font makes this seem like it’s for some elementary school class, definitely would work there tho.
$C: Teacher of the year!! 
$C: I'm a high school teacher and have always done this. I have never had assigned homework for my students. Homework overloads them and everyone needs a break.
$C: Wish my schools did that
$C: Yes but wouldn't it be ideal to teach effective out-of-classroom study habits to prepare them for tertiary education? I can see the no homework thing being viable in primary school, but middle schoolers and onwards I feel would benefit greatly from set homework. 
$C: Wow, why couldn’t this happened when I was in elementary school? 
I never did my homework back then
$C: Well gee thanks for finally figuring this out, world. I had bad grades through high school because I fucking hated homework. Who needs a rehash of what you just did for a full school day?
$C: Teach the child to learn. How to learn best or themselves and how to study best for themselves. Not buy work. 
$C: I love this idea to the core, but in modern times this would only be counter productive, at least to high school students and up. Personally, I would have preferred to not be bound to a school activity AFTER school and just lived my life, but then again I never did like being told what to learn as opposed to what I would like to learn. 
$C: I had 8 periods. 7 homework assignments every day. I was struggling and had no one at home to help me with my homework. I gave up and dropped out at age 16. If I didn't have homework I would have been able to do better. Or if my mom gave a shit and helped me.
$C: Homework from elementary to high school simply makes no sense. If you are in class for a full 40 hours a week, then you should have plenty of time in school to get all that needs doing done. Homework shouldn't exist until you are taking 16 hours of classes a week at the college level, at which point you should learn the material at home with encouragement from professors.
$C: 4 day weekends, no homework. Damn kids are lucky these days. 
$C: I never had a problem with homework.  Maybe I got assigned less at my school than others, but i can never remember it being an issue.  Like most kids, i did it in the morning it was due.  My parents would get involved too with my homework and it was great.  I even did extracurricular competition math on the weekends cause i enjoyed it.  Homework can be fun, right?   

$C: God i wish my kid's school did this.  My first grader had nearly an hour of homework everynight.  Not only was she drained about 15 minutes in, but i wasnt much better.
$C: I like how the shadow is a man clapping his hands over his head or spider man hanging upside down.
$C: Id like to see her research notes
$C: Oh man I would have had amazing grades if all I needed to do was take tests and do class work.

What a shame
$C: School isn't for smart people.
$C: How do you expect to get good at something if you don't practice it?
$C: Thank fucking god all teachers are like I thought they were.
$C: I love "eating dinner as a family".
$C: Beyond elementary school this is a bad idea and will stunt academic success.
$C: lol Lets trust parents who also have varied ideas about what is "good" for their children. Humans literally fml
$C: All schools should jump on board with this. That is amazing. Good for you Mrs. ******
$C: But has homework shown that it isnt helpful🤔
$C: Oh my god I need this.
$C: Just wish the teachers had figured this out when I was a kid. Even though my homework all through elementary school took maybe max one hour. 
$C: My school that I went to from 2nd grade to graduation did this. 

Which only made college so much harder to adjust to. XP
$C: Love this. About time.
$C: My professor has an interesting homework policy too.  You only get the points if you turn it in AND collect it after it's been graded.  I thought about it and it's a real clever way to make sure people come to class.  
$C: I liked my Math teaches policy my senior year of high school... Do your homework you got a lower grade, didn't turn it in and somehow got an A.. 
$C: No research that spending more time doing something makes you better at it?  Well, there goes Malcolm Gladwell's 10,000 hours. /s
$C: I wish I could get my kids' school to do this. There's still a lot of resistance from teachers. Sadly.
$C: Is the research specifically for younger kids?

Because I'm confused how thats possible for high school. I definitely learnt a lot through homework and study. It was really important to help the info sink in, if I didn't do homework then the next day I'd have forgot it all lol. Especially a big deal for maths and science, maybe not English type subjects.
$C: I think I have to go back to kindergarten and graduate high school again to relive my childhood dreams. I never thought this was possible. 
$C: WELL FUCKING DUH!!!!!!
$C: Homework = overtime
$C: Finally, a competant teacher
$C: Teacher here. This is my homework policy from the first day I started teaching a few years ago. 
$C: Makes it easier to assign less work overall and pass everyone so they can focus on teaching to the standardized tests. Win/win. 
$C: I teach middle school math. Last year I taught Algebra 1, was new at that subject but not new to teaching. A few weeks into the school year, I went from assigning 30 problems a night to about 8, with usually 10-20 minutes to start so they could ask me questions.

Obviously they loved it, but I reminded them that it wasn't to make them happy, but to focus on quality over quantity. Those 8 problems had to look good, and with the reduced workload, their presentation of their work improved, which led to them feeling confident in themselves to know their thought processes. 

Homework is a chore that I don't like getting through, but a few problems is easy to check each day and easy to go over and move on from. All but 4 of my kids passed that class and the stressful test that comes with it, and the ones that didn't pass were the ones who didn't do their homework, or classwork. 

I'm assigning a lot of problems for Algebra 1 again, but only so I can make the same switch as last year and they can see the benefit. It's an amazing thing to see them embrace homework as positive.
$C: Here in Japan my first grade child has time for dinner and homework and that’s it.
$C: This is the best policy. Children shouldn’t have to work approx 8 hours a day 5 days a week just in school. Then to come home to more stress of homework. Test prep etc. 
it’s so long overdue for the system to change like this
$C: I have been a high school English teacher for several years and I had a policy like this. I also have a young son who has daily homework. If it were up to me, I wouldn't make him do it, but it will affect his grade if he doesn't.
$C: Idk, I liked homework, it was satisfaction at having successfully learned the concepts taught during the day and reinforcing them.
$C: When you wnt that teacher of the Year award
$C: Work doesn’t have homework, why should school?
$C: You lucky motherfuckers
$C: Too bad college isn't like this 
$C: I agree with this. Those younger years are important for building good skills
$C: I think I learned more from Netflix, google and YouTube than from all of my k-12 education. Plus college.  Well, the basics in school surely help (reading and writing)
$C: The bad thing about this is that it does show that doing homework helps your grades and performance and understanding..... 
I always thought homework was bullshit but the points I had actually done homework really showed. Made the world of a difference.

I think that a shitload of mandatory heavy homework is too much, but having the option there and telling the kids which questions to do for homework is extremely beneficial. I think putting too much stress on it and being negative about it to kids that don't do or complete it is totally wrong. 


$C: I never did homework growing up and my grades suffered...not from tests but from doing hw. I did fine on tests however. 
$C: I wish my teachers did this. In school I was the slowest and would get about half what was assigned to me in class done. (Everyone else would be able to finish or nearly finish) every teacher would give an hour or 2 worth of homework. Which you can double cause I am slowest. 
Now times that by 3 cause I had 4 classes a day giving me homework,

this was an average nights of homework for me, I nearly got suspended because I mentally and physically could not finish all the homework without staying up until like 1 am and would have to get up at 6am to make the bus.
$C: I teach. I have been using this policy for all 4 years of teaching. A lot of new teachers do. I would like the upvotes now. Thank you.

But legit this was actually funny to me because I was like, seems pretty standard.
$C: idk about other schools, but in my last couple years of highschool i had maybe four pieces of homework the entire time. there was a marked difference between my grades then, and before i switch from a school that relied heavily on hw.
$C: I definitely agree, but I’m not sure that high school teachers will. I’m not sure what grade this is, but if it’s 7 or 8 they should receive homework in preparation for high school. If high school teachers jumped on board then this would literally be the best thing ever.
$C: Studies have shown that using bad fonts like these ruin typography for everyone.
$C: I teach 11th and 12th grade Algebra 2 and this has been my homework policy since I started.
$C: These kids are eff'ed when they move to the net grade level
$C: Written in comic sans? Definitely a teacher.
$C: While I agree, the parents that were going to do this were going to do this regardless of homework. 
$C: I guess I'm an outlier. If I don't do my college homework (in math especially) I fail the test, if I do the homework I pass with flying colors
$C: This is the policy at my high school!
$C: Bout time they start this policy. 
$C: My teachers in highschool did this. I would just take it as a chance to sleep in class and do my work at home. 
$C: This.
$C: As a teacher I tried to do this. The parents complained and said I was not pushing students hard enough since they did not have to work hard at home. I teach 6th grade btw. 
$C: LOL	!  Imagine if we had been raised like this?  How much more Nintedo time we would have been given, only to not have been prepared at all for college?  Love the concept though!!  
$C: Fortnite wins again. No point in fighting it.
$C: This is awesome. 
$C: Where were these teachers when I was in school
$C: This is purely personal and anecdotal, but in my college experience, my grades were much lower when I ignored the required or optional homework.

I think there's something to be said for learning/practicing something in the morning, taking a break, and then revisiting it again in the evening. The pause/repetition cycle helped me personally lock information into my long-term memory.

Currently studying for computer certifications as well. The more I repeat the content and answer practice questions, the better my performance has been on tests. 

My point is this teacher is being a bit extreme. I think everything is better in moderation. She should be assigning a smaller amounts of homework if anything - just a few questions would be fine.

Currently writing this at the tail end of a 1-year teaching stint in Japan, where teachers err way on the other side of moderation. I think there's a healthy middle ground. 
$C: This will most likely get buried. But I have to leave a dissenting opinion. My elementary school (US public school) had this policy and the students are generally given about 2-3 hours to do their homework in school. Except that I, and maybe 6 or 7 other kids, we're in a pullout special ed program for 2 or 3 hours a day during - take a guess... - the homework time! So like this letter says "what they don't finish in class" meaning I always had hours of work to do after school. Works out for most kids though. 
$C: #BEST TEACHER EVER!

*Where have you been all my tortuous school life?!*
$C: If this had been the policy when I was in high school I would’ve graduated much higher on the list. I HATED doing homework. Passed the exams with no problems. Not doing my homework made me get bad grades. 
$C: Why didn't my teacher do this when I was in high school... Lucky kids out there
$C: Teacher sent a list of homework for the month. 

I signed it and returned to her with a note. If miniMusicLover has any specific areas that he needs support in, let him know and we will work on that. Otherwise, he won’t be doing any of this but instead will be spend time finding bugs, reading, having family time, and playing games and discarding his friends. 

Signed, /u/aMusicLover

Fuck busy work for homework. 
$C: I've actually considered doing this if I ever became a teacher. Thought it would work pretty well and was very fair. 
$C: As someone who works a lot with a kid that is seriously struggling with math, that I have a very hard time helping teach, thank you.
$C: Must be nice, wonder if this would work in a High School though. 
$C: oh boy right when I graduated

but seriously this is amazing, homework is the absolute worst
$C: Dang they’re lucky!! I’m an eighth grader in California, and man do I get homework. Some day it can take multiple hours, others only 10 minutes.
$C: This teacher really knows how to connect to her students with this Fortnite font.
$C: I read almost the exact letter in my country (Arg), So this must be worldwide. But, I think they must be only a few or one school that think in the same way
$C: This is great!
$C: That's our family homework policy. Fuck homework. 
$C: Sounds like a lazy teacher to me. 
$C: I remember doing homework of other subjects during class instead of paying attention so I usually ended up having little to no homework
$C: This is so beautiful. I wish so badly that this had been my reality as a kid.
$C: I feel like this is poor advanced planning in regards to post-secondary preparation. Most degrees require a strong work ethic and solid study habits. Homework is IMO where most learning is done, as you consolidate the concepts you learn at school as your own understanding. It could work in middle School for some kids but kids who need the reinforcement... You gotta push them a little when they're young.
$C: Cool teacher, I almost resent her students haha.
$C: Everyone else: Commenting on the policy
Me: Trying desperately to figure out how they held the camera to get a shadow like that
$C: Im drunk. What does it say?
$C: I once read that a child is lucky to get one truly gifted teacher in their lives. I was lucky to get way more! This is the coolest. 
$C: I would upvote this a million times if I could 
$C: A local school tried this. It completely failed with unhappy parents, inadequate Ofsted report, and the school went into administration. Not saying they were all linked, but I heard students themselves at the school saying it put them at a disadvantage.
$C: This is a teacher who doesn’t want to create homework assignments or grade them.  Her job just got 40% easier and kids have time for more Fortnite.

Source:  cynical teacher
$C: My son just started kindergarten and he’s sent home with one page, front and back, of homework everyday except Friday. 
$C: Great... the year I’m a senior.
$C: I wish this was how high school worked. I would've had so much time to pursue the things I want. Instead of working on material that I'd forget about anyways. 
$C: I don’t know where to stand on this, there are some classes where practice makes perfect. Like math IMO improves when you’re doing it a lot. 

However, there is definitely a line where homework doesn’t matter. 
$C: Does anyone have any links to this "research"? I've never really understood the anti-homework crusade.
$C: Comic Sans. 
$C: All schools should do this. It's one thing to assign reading or something for a group project that you can work on over time but this 5+ hours of homework per night had got to stop. How are kids supposed to be kids? How are they supposed to fit in sports and extracurriculars and time with friends and family and sleep!? Those things are important for growth and learning also. 
$C: Oh, NOW they see that the only thing that needs to be graded is the test. You know, the thing that proves you learned your shit. I never understood grading homework, since it's always said to me to be "practice."
$C: I've had teachers say that they will do this but what ends up happening is they teach too long it move on to the next thing and forget to give work until the very end of the day. 
$C: Actually I didn't do my homework from 9th grade on or just occasionally. Finished 13th grade without any problems.  But I did pay attention in class and studied for tests.
$C: This is definitely useful in grade school where students not only learn concepts in class, but also immediately work on them the same day; however, becoming used to a routine like this would probably be detrimental when some of these kids go to college.

Most universities have students simply learn the material in class, then give you homework that isn't mandatory to act as your practice. If a student encounters a college course like this - having gotten used to having minimal to no homework (based on their efforts in grade school) - I feel like you'd end up with a lot of demotivated kids who don't entirely grasp how integral that homework is to their learning and their grade. If they actually do grasp how important the homework is they'll at least start off with some trouble in figuring out how to implement this new workload into their schedule and need to discipline themselves to not give up just because it isn't graded. 

Tl;dr: Good idea that's convenient given how grade school works, but not a practical routine to get used to for those going into college. 
$C: Homework is why I didn't do well in school. I was fine on tests every time.
$C: I agree with her policy, however no homework may not be a good thing for some students. I just graduated high school. I got A’s on most of my tests, if not high B’s and the occasional C or D. Ended up with over a 4.2 weighted and 3.86 unweighted. I was able to get away with A’s while ignoring some homework assignments. However classes I got B’s and C’s in were because of homework sadly. The teachers would give so many homework assignments with such a little amount of tests and no weighted groups. I really didn’t like to do homework, it didn’t mesh with me, but I liked to delve deeper into the subjects I took by tutoring at my schools tutor center(Also provided easy volunteer hours). Some people learn differently and are able to understand certain subjects better than others and vice versa. I won’t lie that the times I did homework really helped me understand certain topics I had trouble with. I believe one of the best learning/teaching system is to make students teach what they are learning whether it be by tutoring, doing examples for your classmates during class, or preparing the lectures for topics. 

The problem with this though is that a few students won’t be so sure that they actually don’t understand the topic without doing some homework assignments. Also if you give optional homework, no one is going to do it, which possibly leads to lower marks that the teacher is “not doing their job.”  Some students will also have trouble maintaining “good grades” because of this. Some of my friends and classmates lived off hard work and homework. And it worked for them. Assignments also helped me boost some of my borderline grades to the next letter.

So, in my honest opinion I believe that the best way to go about homework is to provide meaningful assignments and grade them with a weighted system leaning towards tests. 
$C: That's almost exactly what I send home for my fifth grade class.
$C: Do you guys remember that bullshit "Thanksgiving project book report" seriously fuck that shit. One day was for food coma and the other 2 was for mino food comas. THEN HALO
$C: When millennials become teachers
$C: Name an Asian kid who didn’t do homework and if they didn’t where are they now. 
$C: Post this in r/typography
Instant death to all who see it haha
$C: To play devil's advocate, at least when it comes to the high school level (or I guess middle school level equivalent for you Americans), I definitely remember the difference it made when I bothered to do my maths homework as opposed to when I didn't. 

I can completely understand and support not giving small children homework though. 
$C: Homework just trained you for all the work you have to take home as an adult.
$C: Man I could have played so much more Quake 3 and WoW if it was like this when I was a kid!
$C: bACk iN mY dAy wE hAD hOmEWoRK
$C: The alternative highschool I went to has been doing this for years
$C: As long as they don’t just play fortnight all night..
$C: If there's good time management during school I don't see why that should be a problem.

I enjoyed modular scheduling where we had 20 periods in a day and probably 14 of them were actual classes the other ones were lunch commons, library or other various study halls.  It varied daily, but there was a ten day schedule filled this way.  Homework or social activity had to be managed by the student.
$C: *Teacher’s
$C: In High school I took a summer school math class for an extra credit. because we did 3 to 4 lessons per day he normally taught for 30 minutes gave us time to do homework for 30 minutes then took up the homework for 30 minutes. As the test was never the day that units lessons ended we always had at least 1 night between when we learned the material and the test. He would "assign" addition questions for us just in case we wanted addition practice before the test. These were not mandatory and we always had 30 minutes at the end of the school day to try those questions before the day ended. I 100% believe homework should be assigned as practice for people who are struggling with the material
$C: Homework was the only thing I didn't like about school. Worst part of every school day for me was getting home because I had nothing to look forward to but sitting down and doing more work.
$C: I think the one exception to this might be working on essays/papers - it can be somewhat hard to do them in school settings, personally.

But on the other hand, my AP English Teacher during my senior year gave us plenty of time to work on our research papers in class (enough so that I finished it entirely in classes). So.... I guess it wouldn't really be necessary for them?

Good policy either way, I think.
$C: i think this is fine for elementary school cause the concepts are basic and tests are very much just over the main concepts. High School though? doubt it. theres usually a ton of material and tests start to test applying concepts to new problems instead of just different versions of examples 
$C: Im im high school and our school could benefit from this. 
$C: My 4th grade teacher was the worst. She gave us a ridiculous amount of hw. Never did I get as much hw in high school than I did there. I was only 10 and she was already trying to make me hate my life. Some teachers are crazy. 
$C: This shit will never happen in high school.
$C: Don't forget the high schoolers who have jobs, sports, clubs, and homework after school every night.
$C: I think light homework is important, though. (And this is coming from someone who HATED homework growing up). I think it teaches kids responsibility because they have to be accountable and bring it back in the next day. This is a skill they are going to need later in their schooling. Anyways, that’s just my opinion.
$C: Yay more cellphone and netflix time for all
$C: Is this not something that all teachers do? 
$C: I don't remember ever having homework in elementary or middle school except big projects. No daily stuff, just whatever wasn't done in class. 
$C: I'm crying 
$C: So, the school is returning to normal operating procedure?
$C: Meanwhile I’m still bitter about my third grade teacher assigning us four hours worth a night, minimum. My parents told me her excuse when the issue was raised was “studies say best to assign 10 minutes per grade and it can be split in 30 minute blocks.”
$C: Am I the only one who thinks homework is very helpful..maybe it’s because my college courses might be harder. I don’t think I’d make good grades if I didn’t have extra work to do at home though. I suppose you could give out optional homework for the kids who want more practice? I just don’t think in high school 50 minutes a day is enough time to really learn the material.
$C: Not the hero we deserve, but the hero we needed.
$C: We had this in high school, though not with every teacher. Our math teacher always gave us some questions to answer during class and if you finished all of them there was no homework. Of course you had to do them correctly. I liked it, I never really had homework from maths. It's a different story when it comes to upper levels of education though, since time is limited you need to do a lot of work at home.
$C: When I was in school I had so much homework that I fell asleep with books and paper all over my bed.
$C: Citation needed. 
$C: Someone did her summer reading.  
$C: Most of the time homework is “what the students didn’t finish in class” not extra work for the sake of work.
$C: Homework has always been for the parents. Parents want their children always working for some reason. Family time will be more beneficial for a child’s future than homework. Plus, I believe all work should be completed in school. 
$C: You see, my class didn't get a luxury like this. We were the guinea pigs they poked and prodded for years to reach this conclusion.
$C: But. Teacher should learn. Proper punctuation.
$C: I hated homework as a kid and I hate it even more as a parent. It fucking sucks. 
$C: Man, how I wishI could do this where I teach...
$C: Pay the teachers. 
$C: She also gotta add no screen entertainment such as tv, gaming and internet. That shit just evaporates everything the child learnt that day. 
$C: Hasn't home work always just been work that you didn't finish at school?
$C: Wish my schools did this growing up. My mom would get mad everyday i didn't come home with homework. She'd say *exaggerated old lady voice* " when i was a kid i had homework EVERYDAY. I just don't understand teachers these days. MYEEEHHH!" Thing was my sister and i would get our homework done before school ended so we could have more outside hours. It was like my mom wamted us to have college levels of home work. Then she did the most ass backwards oklahoma bullshit. She tried to home school us... But then she didn't. She took us out of school in seventh grade and attempted to teach us but gave up in the first two months then never put us back in school and now we have no "formal" education.  Only reason I have any skills at all is because i taught myself what i wanted to know. Editing programs, html, photography, web/graphic design. If it wasnt for my dad buying me my first computer and the magic of Le interwebs I'd be dumber than a door knob.
$C: How to get karma: make post about teacher that doesn't give homework shortly after school starts. 
$C: I sure hope they implement that here too. This was literally something I said to my teachers when I was in high school
$C: This would've been great for me. I wouldn't have almost failed High School if I didn't have homework, I didn't see the point of it so I never did any of it. I passed all my tests though, even passed all my S.A.T. exams and aced two of them. 

Ended up in a single classroom for my senior year where I had to repeat all the work from the past 3 years, and do the work I would've had for my senior year in normal classes. All that because I didn't do homework I saw no real reason to do. 
$C: Because an hour of homework a week is too demanding, right?
$C: Can I send this back to my kids teacher saying we are doing this?
$C: Lucky punks lol
$C: Da real MVP teacher.
$C: Hmmm. Printed in a font remarkably similar to the Fortnite one...something is fishy here. 
$C: So kids get it easy now lmao
$C: PLEAAAASSEEEE WORLDDDDD PLEEEEEEAAAASSSSEEEEEE
$C: Meanwhile they gave me a dick ton of work growing up and now I’m fucked up
$C: Now that is a teacher I wish I had
$C: This is so funny. I just implemented my own policy that is very similar to this. As a relatively new high school math teacher, you guys don’t understand how infuriating it is to talk to teachers who firmly believe in 1+ hours of homework every night. 

It’s my 4th year and I have tenure and I finally worked up the balls to depart from the department homework policy. 

All assessment is standards-based on a 4 point scale. Meaning there’s no chapter test, but rather a million little mini tests that each individually address a different standard (like, “plotting x,y” or “graphing parabolas in factored form”). 3s and 4s are passing. And your grade depends almost entirely on the average value of these 4 point assessments. 

I also spiral back each standard multiple times throughout the year so they have to continue to demonstrate mastery. 

And homework? Nothing required, only suggested. Every problem targets at least one of the standards. So if they feel confident on some standards but not on others they know exactly which problems to work on.

I’m so fucking sick of rewarding kids for copying homework or doing busywork. That’s not what education or learning looks like 
$C: "eat dinner as a family" how fortunate that all parents have 9 to 5 jobs these days. I mean that's how it works right?
$C: Amen. This, however, wouldn’t work so well in college, where face-to-face class time is much more limited and where, at home, the learner is expected to self-teach. 
$C: Their heart is definitely in the right place, but in my experience the reality is that the people who could really benefit from this message won't listen to it, let alone read it. It's the catch 22 of their condition, they are actually trained to actively fight and defend their reality. They are just protecting themselves though. Donald Trump is a great example of narcissism. They won't ever admit they are wrong. They have never been comfortable enough with another person to be that vulnerable and share how afraid they are.
$C: This will probably make kids work harder in class, knowing they have an incentive to do so. I see no downsides here.
$C: I’ve had several teachers who *claim* to do this, but they usually end up assigning work that can’t all be completed in class. This feels legit though. 
$C: What?   There going to do work at school and not play games and watch movies all day!?!
$C: What?   There going to do work at school and not play games and watch movies all day!?!
$C: Here in México, public schools use the model "MEFI" where kids basically investigate from "books and trustworthy sources" (internet most of the time) about any topic the teacher indicates and talk about it next day and thats all they do IN the classroom.
$C: My son is in 5th grade this year and they have adopted this policy and I’m so thankful for it!
$C: What research has proven that repeated practice overtime doesn't improve a student's ability to retain information and master skills they have learned? Because not only is there mounds of researching that disagree, but also general life experiences and results of successful people throughout the ages.

Colleges have homework, and their classes are sometimes 3 to 4 times longer than a given primary school class.

This is a teacher bowing to a cop out from lazy students and equally or lazier parents. 
$C: "Oh yes, I love spending time outside of school thinking about school! Fucking let me do what I want when its not your time." Want to say this to education minister.
$C: I predict this will become one of the all time highest upvoted posts ever.
$C: This was trialed last year at the school my daughter went to. All it did was extend her school day into her evening hours and ours too. Not necessarily a bad thing but I'm not sure what extra benefit there was to her and us vs the teacher (correct, less work for teach). Then this year her Grade 5 teacher gave weekend homework which was research based on the topics covered during the week. The learning change for our daughter was amazing. 
$C: That makes a lot of sense. I remember days of elementary school when I would be done with work early but homework was for home only so I'd just be bored. 

Then getting done with homework, you feel like rewarding yourself so I'd just play video games. Homework may have made me less productive. 
$C: My teacher did this. Our A’s turned into C’s. I don’t like homework, but it sure does improve my grade.
$C: This is just what homework should've been in the first place. 
$C: Well, college sure will be fun for these kids 
$C: Where can I sign up for your school?
$C: Man, if only... I would have hated elementary school much less.
$C: We've known this for [years](https://visible-learning.org/hattie-ranking-influences-effect-sizes-learning-achievement/) now
$C: The primary school I went to has a similar policy, except homework was actually banned because parents complained their kids were getting too much homework, they're also working on tablets now
$C: Downvote me all you want but I disagree with this method.

It's about building habits and discipline. Knowing you don't want to do it but also knowing it's necessary is a key part of success in Higher Education.

Not reinforcing it at a young age is just kind of baffling tbh
$C: This is great!
$C: Hate homework but at the college level it's necessary, teachers can't teach and expect the information to stick with students after the lecture. At some point you just have to sit down and do some damn homework to reinforce what you've learned, or in many cases learn it for the first time because some professors are ass.
$C: Okay, but why with that particular font 
$C: I can most definitely say my calc 2 homework helped me a lot...but yeah like english or history...no

At the end of the day it depends on the subject and how you study 
$C: It's not about improving performances or increasing learning. It's about slowly preparing your kid for a lifetime of taking his or her shitty day at work home with them and having reduced free time.

"Don't forget about that three-page essay due tomorrow morning."

"What three-page essay?"

"Oh, I guess I didn't tell you. You have that, now."

"This is math class."

"I know. It doesn't matter. You'll understand when you're on salary some day."
$C: This needs to be a global thing! 
$C: Anyone going to mention the amount of upvotes this post has??
$C: The Montessori schools I went to when I was a kid were like this. It was basically the only thing I missed when I switched to public schools. 
$C: Also fuck y'all, I don't need more marking to take home.
$C: We had this as school policy over 10 years ago. Most teachers just started setting twice as much class work.
$C: Not understanding why this is widely applauded. Fine, it could work for some subjects or environments depending on the teacher, but homework is there for a reason. Practice makes perfect. Especially in math and science fields. 

And people here are seriously comparing their work life to the schooling regime a child must go through to become educated? What in the hell?! 

They learn a lot more than just the subject they're tackling when doing homework. It's about time and priority management as well.

Someone seriously enlighten me what you're all on about. Countless parents in other countries have no problem nurturing their kids and spending time with them. I've never heard, "No homework!" other than the chants of children going out of control in movies. 
$C: Frick my school then
$C: I do something similar to this in my classroom. It's high school, but depending on the level I see no reason to not do what this teacher does. My logic behind it was when I first started teaching and gave students research, questions, or any other HW, sometimes it wouldn't consist of the highest quality work. Of course this can also be a reflection on me so I changed how I did some things until the group that struggled grew smaller and smaller. But some still struggled and others would leave some blank. So by devoting a little bit of time during class for them to look over their assignment, ask questions, really seemed to help.

And as for the weekend, I told my class that I didn't want to work over the weekend, why should they.
$C: Feels good knowing that my hate and vitriol for homework was justified. 
$C: I wish my school had been like this. I got sick of homework, felt like busy work. I just stopped doing it. I participated in class, got A's on my tests. But did just the bare minimum of homework to pass the class. I had numerous teachers pull me aside and tell me I am smart and that I should do my homework. Even had one send a letter home telling my parents my grades did not reflect my intelligence.   


I just absolutely hated homework. Sad that my teachers knew that I knew the material, but still had to give me poor grades because of it.
$C: I never did my homework unless we had time at the end of class anyway. I figured they had me for 8 hours a day, if that wasn't enough to teach me what I needed to learn then they were doing something wrong. And it turns out it was enough time. I did very well on all my tests. Still, this would've made my progress reports look much better. 
$C: Let's just give them all a trophy for showing up. That always works out well.
$C: This teacher deserves all the upvotes in the world 
$C: I had a few teachers like this but the majority assigned a shit ton of home work. I started changing teachers for subjects in about 5th grade, and by about 7th grade I started to get homework that would take 45 minutes+, per subject. The teachers never meet and discussed particular assignments for each night. There were times when I had 3+ hours of home work to do and that was assuming I had said activity down pat, and didn't have to back track and try to relearn whatever I missed I. The earlier lesson.  It was super frustrating and I often got head aches from eyestrain to the point where I would come home and go directly to bed for a couple hours to relax my eyes and let my headache lighten up.

This was in the 90s.  My step son that is in high school now has a current homework load that is much more reasonable and he spends no more than an hour on it each night with occasional big projects that take more time, but are like once a semester. I am glad our education system here is getting the picture on this. 
$C: I think this is creating a bad precedent. I like the idea of no homework on the weekends or not every single day. But some of these kids will go to college eventually and will have to do lots of homework, papers, labs, etc. outside of the classroom, depending on their major of course.
$C: No homework, nerds are respected - I went to school too late
$C: In India , from class 6 you have to go through rigourous classes in school then after coming back to home  u have to go to coaching (tution). After returning back to home u gonna have to complete your homeworks and then practice questions given in your coaching classes and then give some regular on-line tests which is well ofcourse provided by coachings like FIITJEE to check ur rank in your country then get thrashed by people around for not getting in top 100. U have to quit any kind of sports and activities and fun. This is how an ENGINEER/DOCTOR is born.
$C: Where the fuck was this when I was a kid? 
$C: I feel like those who aren’t in support of this are just batting for the wrong team man why wouldn’t anyone want this to at least try this?
$C: There are multiple issues with this approach. But as an educator, I'm not paid enough to explain them.
$C: I had to go to a special school to have that. It helped a lot with my motivation. 
$C: This teacher is amazing! Props to her!
$C: This teacher should be making as much as or more than doctors right now.  
$C: Wow this is the most upvoted post I've seen in a long time

AND FOR GOOD FUCKING REASON

$C: Im so fucking jealous
$C: Absolutely stupid idea, problem is that people are extremists in every policy they take. You need the adequate amount of homework for it to be useful. Too much homework is not healthy and basically useless but Zero homework is not the answer. Instead of going for the easy solution why not create a balance.
$C: Fake, no educated person would choose that font
$C: God I can't beleive I ever got through school. All that homework I have done never taught me anything. Don't stay in school if you don't want it kids.
$C: It's in comic sans, she must mean business.
$C: Homework 📚 is a mess
Only worth to take a test 📖 
But when you take the time to go outside 🌲 
That’s when your mind goes for a ride. 🚲 
$C: Is there some sorta quota for homework in us schools 
$C: My father had a policy that after school everyday as soon as I walked in the door I was forced to sit at the table and do homework or study at least 1 hour. If I had no homework I was told to 'study something'.

 I am a successful scientist and live in Europe and travel all over the world. So, thanks Dad.
$C: My high school had this policy but the teachers always managed to "forget" about an assignment until the end of class, so we still had a fuck ton of not homework homework 
$C: Europe is doing this for years already. Kids need to be kids.  The homework wont teach you shit you need later in life.
$C: Lots of districts are moving toward this, not least in part due giving teachers less workload to try and balance out their shit pay. no teacher wants to add extra work. 
$C: this is a sly technique to save herself work lol

&#x200B;

you had better believe that practice makes perfect
$C: I never ever did my homework and you know what- I don't regret it at all. It didn't affect my grades at any point and I was a much happier child/teenager since I had a lot more free time to do my own thing.
$C: When I was in highschool I remember my English teacher. She gave us homework but my other school mates don't mind it then they let my teacher stand for the whole time of our class. Lucky me because I always do my homework.😊😊😊
$C: Teacher of the year
$C: My AP Physics class had optional homework consisting of problems from the textbook from the unit we discussed that day. You weren’t marked down if you didn’t complete it, but if you did, you were given points, and you had the added benefit of understanding the material better. The in-class work consisted of labs and lectures/discussions about the current unit.

Very fun class for such a hard subject. 
$C: Gotta love Mrs Redline 
$C: Wish my kids school had this policy but I can't really complain they actually get very little homework compared to some other schools. My eldest is 10 in year 6(we are in the UK) middle one is in year 2 and my baby is going into reception. The oldest two will get daily spellings and reading little one will get reading in a couple of months. Weekly the older two will have English and maths (single A4 for maths and a double A4 for English). Maximum of about 20 minutes with the weekly homework each-my middle one could get it done in about 10 minutes most weeks.

My eldest old school(middle one didn't get in to the school she was in) had the same daily homework. Plus English maths and some nonsense like pshe homework each week well over half an hour and holiday homework-usually something arty(I mean holiday homework do adults do work in their holidays).
Turns out this year the newer school got the best stats results in our town, the old school was one of the worse.

The homework is all on stuff they learnt that week so it's basically just cementing in what they learnt that week 
$C: WOW. Where the hell was this when I was going to school? That's amazing. 
$C: Lol as if any of those ideas will happen. Little Timmy will get in from school and play fortnite for the next 8 hours
$C: I honestly think that homework should be tailored to the age range and in the spirit of preparing them for life beyond school. Elementary school I believe should have more homework, but it should be short so it can be finished quickly. This way they begin learning how to manage a workload very early without it being a large strain. Many children have their parents or older siblings help them with homework anyway so the amount of the workload doesn't matter much, seeing as how those helping the kids get their work done know the material very well and will help them finish quickly regardless. And even without that extra aid, the content is appropriate for the age and learning curve so they won't spend an abundance of time completing it.

In middle school years, there should be less homework but it needs to be more challenging. Stimulate their minds and challenge their intellect without running the risk of their attention spanning trailing off or just plain getting bored. This way they're spending appropriate amounts of time doing it without sacrificing family time or time with friends.

In high school, homework should be scarce, consisting of weekly assignments and group projects rather than having separate, individual assignments multiple nights in a week. This gives them time over a deadline to gather information and complete more complex tasks while still having time to spend with others or working a part time job.

I feel as if this shifting framework in homework structure would make the best use of the students' time and intellect while teaching them all of the essential practical skills they'll need to work on assignments outside of class when they go to college. I agree that homework does very little for learning the curriculum, but as others have pointed out it does give them a foundation for completing out of class assignments necessary for earning a degree.
$C: I wish my school had that
$C: I never did homework. I did schoolwork. If it didn't get done in study hall or class I just said fuck it.
$C: This is awesome, I love playing outside. Later Timmy!
$C: I loved homework as a kid because it kept me busy and away from my family lol 
$C: This photo was actually taken by a close family member of mine last year. 

Not that you - dear sole Redditor reading this comment - care at all. Nonetheless, it is a fun fact. 
$C: When I was in primary school our principal banned homework for years 1-4, it was pretty good
$C: Bitches
$C: Why is there a shadow of spiderman hanging upside down on the paper ?
$C: This looks like something we might have tried to pull off in the 70's. Except our handwriting would have given it away, and we didn't have access to computers or printers.
$C: El\_Torito23 true
$C: What a great way to excel in mathematics.......
$C: I’d rather stay at school for 2-3 hours extra than have homework. 
$C: I hate life so when I was presented with homework I basically just didn’t do it as the schooling system sucks and homework and notes are useless to me because if I actually cared which I would without homework I wouldve aced the tests I even proved it by refusing ti do homework yet got a perfect om the test. Homework and all the stupid fucking worksheets are a big reason for my depression so fuck them I dont care.
$C: I'm gonna be such a bitter old man.
$C: Right on
$C:  If my teachers had told me that if I just did my stuff in the day I could go home and chill out with some string cheese, I would've had 2k good noodle stars by lunch. We have to stop making kids hate school!
$C: my step mother teaches 2nd graders and she does the same thing! 
$C: Imagine giving a petition like this to your teacher when you're in High School 
$C: so important 
$C: Idk but im part of the minority that didnt mind homework. Maybe not excessive amounts, but assigned homework  develops some sort of accountability in the students... also, in the field of education its fairly difficult to determine "scientifically" the usefulness of practically anything due to the variety of factors. 
$C: "Home work" to me was never done at home in high school anyway. I'd do it in lunch or in another class when they'd take their sweet time starting up teaching or blabbing about something not important to the class subject.
$C: Homework in moderation is important for higher grades. In fact, if the study was limited to analyzing the effects of homework on specific skills used in college, the results would clearly be in favor of homework. On the other hand i can see how excessive homework may even be detrimental to a student...
$C: My 6th grade math teacher should see this. This prick would give us a shit ton of hw every class and to my luck I ended up having her again as my physics teacher 4 years later. She would make me and my class stay fucking after school even though we didn’t miss anything just to fucking learn the lesson which she didn’t know how to teach. Thank god I’m done with her now 
$C: Homework for the whole family? Jesus.
$C: I'm 100% convinced that if I hadn't spent so much doing HW in school and instead spent it with my parents doing kid/parent stuff, I'd have a closer relationship with them. I literally just saw my parents on the weekends.
$C: Teachers’

$C: None of my teachers had this thought process. But instead it was all about standardized tests. Getting the best scores. Not actual data or anything 
$C: I fuckin wish
$C: This is really homework for parents.
$C: I see errors here. Punctuation errors.
$C: I went from homeschool in 6th grade, to public school. I ended up joining in December of the year, right before Christmas break. My new math teacher had assigned me to do an entire math workbook, that was over 300 pages, along with the first part of the second mathbook they started. It was to get me "caught up". I was supposed to do this in our 2 week Christmas break. I had over 400 pages of math to do. I would of had to do like 30 pages a day just to finish. I'm not sure how she thought this was even realistic to ask of an 11 year old. I got so stressed trying to do it, I just gave up. My mom ended up talking to her and she refused to budge. My mom had the school move me to a different math teacher. He did not give me gigantic workbooks to complete, and I did perfectly fine the rest of year.
$C: This teachers husband came to my bar recently we talked about all of the publicity she got. It was interesting to hear first hand about  how all of this goes down. People just start calling and showing up from everywhere. 
$C: That font use should be criminal.
$C: I went to elementary school in southern Ontario, and both intermediate and secondary in PEI, and my entire school life "homework" was always what you didn't get done that day. The idea of assigning something for students to do when they're not at school is just shitty, it baffles me that some people just accept it as normal.
$C: When I was staying with a family abroad, I felt so sorry for their kid. Maybe i was a cultural difference, but still. 

This 7 yo boy went to school from 8.30am to at least 6 pm. Then right after dinner he had to make homework, sometimes up to 10.30 pm. He was nearly sleeping. And his parents gave him a really hard them when he was snt feeling it... Oh men. I can even count the times I studied that long on two hands when I was in Uni...
$C: As much as I don't like it, when it comes to maths and similar homework really helps you
$C: Homework never existed over the summer. It was assigned but she ain't collecting it. They lied 
$C: Give this woman a cookie!
$C: Lol wtf. This is how my schools were in Canada. Homework is hot trash. The fact this is so cool to so many people means most schools still give extra homework. Damn.
$C: Sometimes sensical, but not always. Weak. Doesn't encourage building discipline

$C: I love her, can we try for college too.  About to start grad school
$C: All I see is a shadow on the paper of Spider-Man hanging in classic upside down pose.
$C: Jeez.....yeah my kids def don't have this. They have a shit load of homework, and I have a shit load of kids. It's a few days into school and I already don't give a fuck about keeping them up to date. I mean regular homework, plus reading, then logging into all these websites and it's just too much. It literally takes all night.....it's ridiculous. Florida, huh? 
$C: This, we need this. -Parent fed up with 3 hrs a nite.
$C: Don’t expect this in foreign languages or math. 
$C: I know a lot of rote memorization was involved when I was a kid and now there’s more understanding of concepts and how it leads to answers. 

Like memorizing the multiplication tables vs how multiplication works. Way to long to type out but it’s kinda like teaching the concept of multiplication so that a kid can take any problem and know a quick way that they can get the answer, if that makes sense. 




$C: Wow. I wish I would’ve had even one teacher from my k-12 that cared this much.
$C: My son's school did the same thing last year. But they didn't send a note home. So when my son came home every day and said he had no homework, we were like, "bullshit". I only found out at parent teacher meetings that they don't do formal homework anymore. 
$C: I’d rather you just give my kids homework, thanks. My seventh grader doesn’t leave her room unless she’s hungry or needs a bathroom break. This policy could work for my first grader though. 
$C: Homework improved my internet research skills.
$C: But now how will angsty teens excuse themselves to their room!
$C: well I just applauded alone at the computer!
$C: For one year in junior high (middle school? Grades 7-8 for you foreigners) I had a set of teachers that would each assign a solid 1-2 hours of homework. I would get home from school and do homework literally until 10 or 11 at night, and have to get up at 7 for school. Worst year of my life.. I regularly just broke down and couldn't function as a student or as a person. Not sure it did me a whole lot of good.
$C: Fan fact: hours after sending this note home this teacher was torn to pieces by offended single mothers.
$C: Then you have the teacher who assigns you a class project over your Christmas vacation. Fuck those teachers.
$C: They mist have missed the part where they all go home to play Fortnite.
$C: To all schools i went to in holland, they all did this. So i think its normal here.
$C: Some of my teachers had this policy. The catch is, they give the homework on like, the last lesson of the school day.
$C: My daughter's Montessori school practices this same no homework policy from pre-school to high school. 

One of the reasons we decided to try Montessori was the no homework policy.


$C: Sounds good until she doubles the school work 
$C: Fortnite Font
$C: This isn't necessarily new. This was pretty much my entire High School experience.
$C: A perfect teacher does not exi.....
$C: I love teacher that do this. I’ve had a few.
$C: As it should be
$C: This.  The Department of Education has lost it's damn mind.
$C: This teacher GETS IT.
$C: My daughter started kindergarten in a district in upstate NY.  Days were so heavily scheduled to get through all this curriculum. 
 A month in, homework began which was just a repeat of what was done in class. Packets came home Thursday and were due back Tuesday. After another month, books came home on Mondays. The goal was to be able to read them perfectly by Thursday so they could "level up." It was so much and the teacher even apologized, but that was the state mandate.

We moved mid year to Massachusetts for work and my daughter finished the last 6 weeks of school there. No homework, recess and a rest time. So much better. First grade "homework" was reading for 15 minutes a night. So much less stress. 

Second grade in our district will have homework similar to what we saw in kindergarten-- a packet to finish over 4 nights.  But shes 2 years older and it wont be such a push to get it done.

I was just going through her old kindergarten papers and was reminded of the sheer volume of work they did. The teacher even said if kids were absent or didn't finish, she would write things in so that box could be "checked off." You could tell she hated it.

So tldr, I agree with this soso much. Let kids be kids while they can. Let them decompress from school by playing. 

$C: I'm guessing pretty much every one of the 168k people who upvoted this will spend their evening playing video games or surfing the web.
$C: Epic
$C: I would have been valedictorian if this had been implemented during my time in school.
$C: I'd like to see this research and what grade level groups it applies to.

Personally, in college, the classes where assigned homework was optional, I did considerably worse because I don't have the fortitude to study on my own so having a graded assignment helps instill study habits

Plus more grades means less of a drastic curve for a low grade on a test or other large assignment 
$C: That, my friends, is an excellent teacher. She obviously cares about the students and how they learn. She was researching during the summer? Wow- good for her! I think I would send her a huge thank you.

Kids need time with their family. Period. Not sports and activities. Just time. I would take her up on it.
$C: There are definitely no Asian kids at this school. Those Asian Moms would be calling for that teachers head. Source: daughters Mom is Asian.
$C: And here I am stuck in high school expected to read some shitty book that I don't want to read and then do a rhetorical analysis of 3 important passages, including analyzing technique used, analyzing themes and explaining the significance of these things to the overall story. And I have to do that assignment in one night in 12 point, Times New Roman, double spaced, and printed out as well as turned in online to check for plagiarism. Not to mention the idiotic history homework of taking notes from a textbook and having the teacher grade your notes for accuracy and detail. I don't even use my notes from those stupid textbooks. 
$C: I'm a middle/high school teacher and the hw I assign tends to be work they did not finish in class. Works pretty well
$C: Fuck off, this is from [2016](https://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/teacher-sets-homework-spend-more-time-with-families-teaching-a7204831.html)
$C: Training stuff doesn't makes you better at it? What kind of research did this guy read?
$C: Lucky!!!
$C: inb4 "don't tell me how to raise MY child"
$C: I'll be honest, my highschool fucking sucked. I went to a super small boarding school in the U.S. that had classes 6 days a week. We were told to expect ~90 mins of homework a night. We were in class 8 am to 4 pm, had sports until 6 pm, dinner, then were expected to partake in on-campus clubs (I did debate like a loser, didn't finish until 8 pm). I would then work from 8 pm to 11:30 every night but some nights until 2 or 3 am, in bed at midnight, and up at 7:30. 6 nights a week. It was great because I got into a fantastic university, but already at 21 it just killed my work ethic, gave me still crippling anxiety, and burnt me out. This makes sense. 
$C: My parents put me in private schools my whole life. I would spend HOURS of homework each night. I wish this was intact back then!
$C: Now there's a teacher that gets it.........
$C: They are learning.
$C: I hope they still assign long term projects like research papers or science projects.  Some of these types of projects can be done in class but will usually require some work to be done at home.
$C: 👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽🎁
$C: Shit I remember when my daughter was younger she'd get an hours worth of homework per night, which meant an hour of homework for me.  She'd be tired and crying and 1 hour would turn to 2 hours.. it was hell.  Fuck homework
$C: I get that home time is home time but there are just things that you can’t solidify in the time that you’re in school. Work life is not the same as school life. I appreciate the gesture, but the teacher is wrong and lazy 
$C: That font is fucking ugly.
$C: This is great an all, but it won't prepare kids for higher education.  It might be a rude awakening when/if your child gets to college and realizes how much work and studying there is outside of class.
$C: If this is true, and teachers have been ignorantly assigning homework for eons with no evidence to show that it helps students, I think someone should propose a bill to set aside funding for research to resurrect all teachers throughout history who have done this just so we can beat them with a rubber hose for 3 minutes. But then give them a glass of water and a hot meal after, we aren't cruel
$C: This is from 2 years ago 
$C: I think im in love 
$C: This teacher wins!
$C: Give as much schoolwork as possible, so the kids won't be able to finish it during school lmao
$C: \+1
$C: Can we talk about this font choice?
$C: Someone teach this teacher about commas, good god
$C: We had this at school, we got 2 hours of work to do in the last 15 minutes of the class...
$C: 11th grade teacher did the same thing, our homework was to watch the A's game when we got home and on the weekends to not do anything he wouldn't do
$C: This teacher is so correct , wish there was more like this
$C: This was me at school: I worked all day at school through break and lunch break doing homework. I even did the last teacher's homework in the next teacher's class. Anything to not have to work at home. Thinking back I didn't even have a good place to do homework, no desk available and no peace in the house. If I took homework home no matter how well intentioned I was it was not going to get done. 

I sometimes even turned in homework given at the start of a class on my way out ehich was cheeky but honestly fuck their homework regime.
$C: I sub.  I have seen something like this policy.  But the kids don't want to do the work.  They would rather spend class time talking with friends and do the work for homework.  Has anyone else seen this?
$C: Where the hell was this when I was in school????
$C: My kid had this and he fell behind in math. I made him bring home his math work every night whether it was finished or not and we did math homework behind the teacher's back. At first it was rough. He didn't understand anything and it would take us 15 minutes to get through a problem. By the end of the semester I just kind of sat quietly at the table with a calculator and told him he was correct as he had finally caught on and was acing his homework. 

We were high fiving by the end of the semester and getting that final A on his report card made him so proud of himself.

I just think there are still things that are learned through a rote memorization the best.
$C: Cool teacher
$C: *Daniel Plainview* “Did you just tell me how to run my family?”
$C: that was my last year social studies policy but if the class misbehave she would give homework 
$C: I had a teacher who felt the need to "overcompensate" and gave extra homework because they found out the other teacher was giving less, so they gave double to make up for the other teacher they felt was being "too lenient".  I took the F and retook that class in Summer school and got an A in just a few weeks, that was a great move.  Even out of the kids who actually did the homework, I think only one or two teachers pets got an A, it was mostly C's and D's.  That curve was way off.  That was before schools actually looked at grading curves.. about 30 years ago.
$C: This is what every kid needs.  There's enough stress thrown on over 18's.  Reduce the stress.  Reuse the joy.  Recycle smiles.
$C: Love this idea.  
$C: My high school doesn’t seem to understand this. Homework every day from every hour, and I’m doing it for at least an hour, and that’s when I’m putting in 100%. 
$C: All true. Montressori has been applying this for years.
$C: The USA needs to catch up with other countries.  We need to model our education system after Japan or China.
$C: What an awesome teacher!
$C: I don’t explicitly assign homework. But you would be amazed how many students choose to take work home. And I don’t mean talk through class and end up with work because that is a problem, but just straight up say “can I take this home?” It’s a constant struggle to motivate them through class so they don’t have homework. Because In 10 years it’s literally 50:50 that it returns. As in 50 percent on a given day bring it back. 
$C: This is this week’s most upvoted post on reddit. Congratulations!
$C: Yea not a fan. I've read the research too. I can get behind an elementary school kid not doing homework so long as they have a household that is pushing them to inquire and learn on their own. I really can't get behind this idea after like 7th grade though.

Real life has homework.  You don't just get to do home and ignore responsibility. How am I supposed to ensure a book gets read, or a student can write a research paper, or a student can do independent analysis on papers longer than 10 pages without homework? 

Our neighboring middle school instituted this a few years ago. I don't see sharper, more appreciate kids. I see kids that are in for a culture shock when their 9th grade teacher gives them a 20 minute packet to exercise conjugating French. I see kids that lose their shit when they have me two years later and I tell them be ready to write a few 3-5 page papers. I really see it when these kids go to college and are assigned more shit in a day than they saw their entire first 8 years combined.

Not a fan. There has to be a balance to everything, and teachers that assign their honors kids 60-90 minutes of homework a night are cruel and unreasonable. But not assigning it at all is just going to make kids play fortnite and go on their snapchats more. 
$C: Where was this sign posted?
$C: I have four teenagers. I've been to more parent's nights than I can count. I've heard this a million times. I think it's a great philosophy. Unfortunately, almost every teacher who says this also assigns more "class work" than any student could possibly complete in an hour.
$C: This is a clever tactic ! The teacher will just ask for more exercices in class and the ones with the already best result will have nothing to do at home.
$C: I want this homeworks policy... I have few teachers, please let one of them do this..
$C: Man I wish I was that lucky I have a 4 page essay that was assigned Friday and is due on Monday
$C: Meanwhile in Hong Kong, kindergarten kids are working till 1am to finish their homework and are stressing about their future school placements. Good stuff. 
$C: The continuation of making everything so easy for students that when they grow up and become adults they wont be able to cope with "real life".

We are suppose to teach them in order for them to be successful in their lives.

Having homework an getting up in the morning  is all part of that. 

It's not the kids fault for this.  It is crappy parenting.

Imagine, clear out the kids schedules so parents will spend time doing things they are suppose to with thier kid.

Strangely, I don't think it's the kids that should be making the time for their parents.......maybe the other way around?

But that's just me. And the 200-300 years of how it has been done in the past...EVERYWHERE.

. 

&#x200B;
$C: I think more teachers should do the same. Homework is a total waste of time and energy not only for the child but for the parent too. And allowing time for students to complete schoolwork they did not have time to finish sounds like a win win to me.
$C: I love this! Family time is important. Human interaction is lacking. This is just one step toward that. Mix this with a parent who cares and has a no phone policy during family time and all is good. 
$C: Finland has the highest testing students in the world. Guess what they don't have... Homework.
America is way behind. 
$C: My grandchildren attend the same private school as both of their parents did. As did their mother, they got more homework in first grade than I had in eight. I went to the school back then and complained. On top of that, they have a "Summer Reading Program." That is ridiculous. Summer is for going to the beach all Summer like I did and forgetting about school. We let our daughter read Cliff Notes. She is now an M.D. Her husband teaches at the school, so he makes the kids read the whole list. I loafed all Summer, had a little speedboat of my own, and did well enough to retire at 56. We push our kids to much.
$C: I never made it that far,straight from school&into the SAS&some girls,such a time... 
$C: Homework was always what I hated most about school, as I am sure it was for many others. Now that I am a working professional, I still don't see a reason for it. Especially since it means you are now outside the resources that are the classroom and the teacher. Yeah there should be some special projects that might require work outside the classroom but daily homework just makes alot of kids unhappy and bitter to school.
$C: Yes!!! 
$C: Where was this policy, during my time in school I was strugglin 
$C: Back to the mines, Timmy. 
$C: I had a history teacher that gave homework but it was fun outside the box, but still in the context homework. "Find something old in our town and come back with a fun fact about it to share" and we'd pass that ball around the class and people would share the fact. Or he'd say, "go to the statue out front of the courthouse and come back with something neat about it" and again, we'd be pretty stoked about it.  


The teachers that can apply their subject outside a textbook and find relevancy in our lives/environments were some that would stand out to me and were homework assignments that to this day I remember what I prepared for them, decades later.
$C: best policy
$C: They did this at my school but you got the assignment at the end of every class.
$C: I just remember having 2 to 3 hours of homework per night and on weekends. Texas schools made me really not like going to school. 
$C: Sounds like homework for the parents! 
$C: I love this! So many evenings have been spent finishing class work my ADHD daughter was unable to complete in class and then homework! Some nights I just had to say enough so she could go to bed at a decent hour... 
$C: I think this is a good idea usally i wouldnt but this teacher whent about it so nice saying eat dinner as a family read get more sleep. shes probaly a mom
$C: School teaches us to be working class peasants. Keep toiling away at all hours!!! 
$C: Sending this to my teachers...
$C: They started doing this where my kids go to school last year. I was not amused. Homework teaches time management, gives extra practice, teaches kids about deadlines, about having deliverables... I was so confused, as we already do the other activities (eat dinner together, read together, play outside, go to bed on time) and do homework too. It's not like they have to write a 50-page thesis every night... 
$C: Not to be that person but doesn't this make them unprepared for high school where they don't have a last hour to finish it all and they get homework from all their classes?
$C: ok
$C: wow I wish I had this rn, I'm in middle.
$C: It's too bad I'm too lazy to make 20 more accounts just to upvote this. 
$C: great no more learning of gov approved mind control education system the parents do not teach their children the state does red corporate America dictatorship the rich rule this land 
$C: This is why Asia is out performing us. 
$C: This thing is more important rather than giving a bundle of assignments, projects and lots of homework to ruin the creativity of every child/student.
$C: A step in the right direction. Better still to say that unfinished school work will be done the next day, declaring children's free time sacred. 
$C: More time to stare mindlessly into a smart phone or game console.
$C: I honestly wish this was always the case with school.
$C: Personal opinion. For 8th grade and under I think it's fine. But in high school I think assigning homework is good practice for college. If I was not used to taking on homework when I got to college I would have quickly become overwhelmed. 
$C: Part of the reason I dropped out of highschool to get my GED (ged is so easy to get, you literally only need a middle school or freshman education) was because I would wake up at 6 am to go to school only to be home by 4:30. Not only that but there would be a minimum of 2 hours of homework a night. 

I may be weak for not being able to tolerate 12 hours of shit I despise for 5-6 days a week, shit that would give me no return for my investment.

I've learned more by browsing the internet on topics I enjoy compared to my whole school career. Highschool is the only door in my life that I plan on shutting, and locking. 

The next step in my life is to create. I doubt I'll make enough to support myself for a while but that's why I have a day job :) I love music, and I love video games even more, great stories also fascinate me. I know in my heart that I would live in a cardboard box so long as I can do what I love. I want to try streaming/YouTube, it seems like a lot of fun. I also want to start making music. When I'm older I'd love to write a few stories that I've been mulling over in my head (age brings experience when it comes to writing good stories, as I feel I'm too immature now).
$C: Lucky. I fucking hate homework.
$C: As a single mom with a full-time job, I am extremely happy that my kids' teachers do this.  We generally get home around 6:00-6:30pm and then there's still supper to be cooked and eaten, showers, and any family or personal entertainment time that we can squeeze in. Bed time is at 8:30. If homework was in included, there would be no free time at all. I don't work at home, I don't think that students, especially younger ones, should do school work at home.
$C: I am so jealous of the new generation of children. When I was in middle school teachers would give us extra homework for the weekends just because we “had more time to do it”. Really makes me hate my old school
$C: However,  homework does does produce more children,  and blowjobs.
$C: Is this not normal?
$C: dam younger generations and their better policies.
$C: I do this too... yes it makes my life easier to some degree, but we need stronger families again.
$C: I wish
$C: Simple. Powerful. Beautiful. 
$C: Where were you in 1986?? 😭
$C: lucky
$C: Went to college for a semester and was expected to do 8 hours of math homework each 3 days for a new thing my teacher decided to guinea pig... I'm a drop out
$C: Homework never helped me to do better in school, it never did, but that doesn't mean it didn't help others. There really is not a perfect way to deal with homework because everyone is different, the ideal way to do things is have a private teacher cause then they can focus on the individual, problem with that is that there aren't NEARLY enough teachers and it's quite expensive.
$C: I’m assuming this isn’t an english teacher based on how many sentence fragments are in this note
$C: Shit like like this is why the Chinese will take over
$C: What's special about this don't most classes do this? 
$C: Are you fucking kidding me
$C: Tangentially, I started struggling with homework during middle school in 8th grade (my 9th year of school, including kindergarten). It's most noticeable in my report card: 1st semester of 8th grade (August-December): "A," 2nd semester (January-May): "D."

I had to retake geometry in 9th grade, in which I received a "D" in 8th grade. When I re-took the class in summer school, we weren't allowed to take the books home and thus were forced to do homework *in* class.

Not only did I receive a 99% overall in that class, but I received **over** 100% on the final exam due to an extra credit question on the test.

Whenever people tell me homework is important, I give them this example.
$C: I would have been an honor roll student if it hadn’t been for homework.  Constantly getting A’s and B’s on tests, but never did homework.  It’s amazing how a 0 drags your grades down.
$C: From the gratuitous use of periods... It looks like this "teacher" would have benefited. From more homework. 
$C: I'm not even spiteful that I didn't get this. I just hope these kids are happy and don't have to face as much bullshit pressure from school.
$C: Really wish my district would do this. I already told my son’s kindergarten on day 1 that we aren’t down with homework. 
$C: "I am lazy and found a way to justify never grading homework"

$C: Should I ever become an English teacher (something I've been very seriously considering lately), this will be my homework policy.
$C: I love her. 
$C: I just use to reuse the same math homework... either my teacher is dumb as fuck or didn't give a shit since my grades were 80 90%. Doing 60 math problems at home does not help 

I had gold to farm and raids to attend 
$C: This is how most of my highschool teachers deal with homework. Its easy for me because i usually finish the assignment in 10-20 minutes.
$C: I wish my teachers did this when I was in elementary.
$C: Agreed, for elementary kids. However, for high school students going to college, this is reinforcing and worsening the "shock" of that first college term. 
$C: If I were a teacher, I would teach every lesson with 1 wrong fact. Homework that night would be to figure out what 1 thing I taught was wrong. Students should learn to double check the information they are given.
$C: Man when I was in middle school it wasn't uncommon for me to get home around 330/4 do homework until dinner. Eat dinner around 6 or 7. And then finish my homework around 8 or 9. Have an hour or 2 of free time then be in bed around 10 or 11.

My parents finally stepped in to talk to the administration and call out the bs. Homework got easier after that.

I wasn't a dumb kid. But the shear amount of work I had to do was the issue. Each class only gave about 30-45 minutes worth of homework. But I had 7 classes a day. Every day. Plus include projects that arched the semester or book reports that took all week.

To be fair it gave me a good set of skills for time management in my adult life. 
$C: ALL of the above, including homework. 
$C: I can only wonder how this "no homework" policy will affect colleges of the future -- or what those colleges produce.

... If you thought 'millennial's' were lazy? HA!

$C: You should see the shit show in Oklahoma. The schools barely have enough funding to keep the grass mowed. Our politicians don't give a single shit about our kids. There are schools still using textbooks that I used 20 years ago. 
$C: Yeah just wait til they get to college and are in for a rude awakening!
$C: ...Am I the only one around here that *does* think homework is beneficial?

I understand that there is such a thing as "bad" homework (does not add value) or simply too much homework.  I also understand that the things mentioned in the letter - basically, the child spending quality time with supportive parents/family - are also extremely important.

But, when I look back on my educational experiences (I'm only 26, and I got my MBA early, so I've been in school most of my life), I can't help but have mostly positive feelings about homework in general.  The harsh reality is that:

1) not all parents are supportive, let alone know how to foster good learning/educational habits,

2) not all teachers are qualified, or caring, or inspiring, or have the capacity to help each individual student, let alone teach all of them everything they need to know in an ~8 hour day,

3) one of the universal truths of the human experience (I hope this isn't too controversial) is that regardless of the family, income, country, etc one is born into, one of the few things that people have control over that can change the trajectory of their future, their career, their life... is one's habits and one's willpower.

I think that, when created and assigned thoughtfully, and alongside a quality in-class curriculum, homework makes a *huge* difference in one's education because it reinforces the core material, it fills in the gaps missed in class, it fosters good habits like reading, time-management, self-sufficiency, and pride in one's work, and hopefully it creates an source of inspiration/interest for a child to simply learning on one's own for the sake of learning.

I feel like when stuff like this post gets popularized, it portrays homework as nothing but a useless chore, but it fails to acknowledge the reality that a lot of kids *teach themselves most of what they know through homework* because there are sadly a lot of bad teachers out there, and it ignores all of the benefits of homework.  I guess this is a long way of saying that, like most things in life, there should be a balance.
$C: Exactly what I want from some fucking teacher is parenting advice.
$C: "Eat dinner as a family" Nope, that doesn't help, but open communication between parent and child does. Also a parent being a reasonable person that won't overreact to totally normal things helps. And a parent that has a rational and logical sense of morality also helps. Basically any parent being the opposite of what's described on /r/raisedbynarcissists helps.

&#x200B;

Reading together? Maybe, but if it's a boring book where nothing interesting happens like any of the "little house on the \_\_\_" books. You're only going to make your kid hate books. I'm not even kidding when I say that one of those books has multiple pages dedicated to describing the things happening in a room where everyone there is just sitting around literally doing nothing. 

&#x200B;

Playing outside? Maybe, but a lot of kids don't like to play with their parents. A lot of kids don't understand how sports work. Like american football or cricket. I've bitten the bullet to watch games of both of those sports and I had no idea what or why anything was happening. And any time I'd ask for an explanation about how they work or why something was happening, I never got a straight answer, or any answer that made sense. 

&#x200B;

Getting your child to bed "early"? Yeah, but how early are we talking here? Wouldn't it make more sense to start the school day later? Y'know, like a lot of studies have claimed would help?

&#x200B;

And let's not forget about disabled children with the many incredibly specific needs they all have. 

&#x200B;

Special programs teachers that I had to suffer under would swear that all disabled people are unique, which they are, but then they'd turn around and try to get mentally handicapped children to promise not to do certain disruptive things again only to have them agree to the promise by being visually queued and then do those same disruptive things again. Then the teachers would scold the mentally handicapped child and expect them to understand what they did wrong. 

&#x200B;

Oh! And dress codes! Don't even get me started on dress codes. "YOU CAN'T WEAR A HAT INDOORS!" "Why not?" "I'M TAKING YOUR HAT AWAY FOR THE DAY!" "What? Why?" "DETENTION!" And let's not forget about their policies regarding what girls are allowed to wear, most of which are totally selective depending on how the teacher feels on a day.  
$C: This is a terrible idea. These children will not be prepared for the workload of advanced grades and far behind their peers if they choose to go to an institution of higher ed. 
$C: Most of my teachers in high school do this usually for language classes because with subjects like math science and music you need more than  4 hours a week to properly know the material
$C: Well that’s a lie. Repeated practice is the only research based method to teach the fundamentals of literacy for emergent readers. There’s a very visible difference between students whose parents work with them outside of school on building literacy and students who receive no additional support at home. Sufficient practice = fluency; insufficient practice =/=fluency. 
$C: ‘Eat Dinner as a family’ I don’t understand this point. Talk as a family yes but there’s no need to make dinner an event. It’s such a strange concept, let everyone eat how they feel most comfortable. People’s relationship with food is bad enough without tying it to the prospect of awkward chatter 
$C: [deleted]
$C: Yeah sure, like any self-absorbed American parent would do this lol
$C: Meanwhile the Chinese work 9-9-6 (9am to 9pm, 6 days per week) but hey,  at least we eat, read, and play with plenty of rest. My grandfather and all the other men and women that truly made this country great in the 1st place are rolling over in their graves.  Im not advocating for 9-9-6 but i am advocating as a society, we look at our competition (Russia and China) and be prepared to COMPETE. Yet we focus on proper hydration, nap time, and eating. WTF! 
$C: [deleted]
$C: I disagree with this policy. I basically never studied for tests because I did my homework. Then when I got to college and there was no homework, I didn't do very well because of that. Homework teaches the children the skills and information they need. Sure, I did as much as I could in class. But class should be for the teacher to TEACH, not necessarily for the kids to do work. 
$C: As if Americans aren't stupid enough already. 
$C: As usual it's an elementary school teacher.  You could never do this in high school.  Period.

Tons of teachers in my family and it is always the elementary school teachers with a ton of time to burn.  High school teachers should get paid more than middle school teachers who should get paid more than elementary teachers.
$C: Public school? if yes, I am torn about this. not sure if it is just a way to mask several possible issues:

1. Reduce complaints from parents about "too much homework"
2. Reduce the amount of work by not having to grade "too much homework"
3. Mask the unhappiness of the teaching job
$C: "'Research has been unable to prove...'"?? How about the HORDES of poorly educated in this country? The low IQ's?? The shunners of science and technology and medicine??!!! Educators are feeding the downward spiral of intelligence in this country! 
$C: This homework policy has resulted in your inability to understand the apostrophe.
$C: It will be interesting to see the performance of the students with a stable, traditional family vs those with a single parent, parents working odd hours, etc.  I would suspect that those students have lower performance based on this.+

**Edit:**  Since I'm getting downvoted for this, how about some sources:

1. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4508674/

2. https://www.insidehighered.com/news/2015/02/25/report-marks-growing-educational-disadvantage-children-single-parent-families

3. https://www.educationnext.org/education-gap-grows-adolescents-single-parent-families/
  
$C: Dumbest thing I've seen all day. Homework is foundation for success in school
$C: Good luck when you go off to a harder school lol
$C: This is also how the real world works. You work hard at the office, you get to chill at home. 
$C: Education professor here.  This is a nice sentiment, but unfortunately, the research indicates a positive correlation between homework and student achievement.  See the research of Robert Marzano.

I do understand that teachers overdo it sometimes though.
$C: I think that would be helpful. instead of doing homeworks in the evening, it is best to spent time for family after a long day in school :)
$C: Where have you been all my life Mrs. _____
$C: Huh. Funny to see this reposted. This was from last year I believe, from my small hometown
$C: This absolutely does not apply to college.
$C: the dumbing down of society. we keep lowering and lowering our standards until a child that deserves an "F" get's a "B" and everyone else gets an "A".
$C: I'm sorry, but we're getting really fucking apathetic about education in this country.   Kids in schools are getting less and less to do.   Fewer requirements to pass and more coddling.    Schools in CA & AZ are 4 days a week to save money.     Then there are the massive expenses for collegiate degrees.     Terrible trajectory we're on.
$C: TLDR: lazy teacher doesn't want to grade homework
$C: The teacher we need, but not the one we deserve
$C: Homework has taught me a lot. This is bs.
$C: This must be for children. Once you get into HS and especially college you need to learn some fucking discipline to study outside the classroom.

And that line about homework not improving performance has to be bullshit. Homework is practice for what you are learning. You trying to tell me research says practice doesn't improve performance? My ass.
$C: This is a poor choice. School is meant for imparting new concepts. Application is what homework is for. Both are critical for learning. The teacher is effectively cutting her work load in half and disguising it as a perk. 
$C: Ehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh

I don't know, gonna have to call bs on this. Maybe other people learn different from me. But personally elementary,middle/high school and especially in university I learned most of the content by doing problems assigned or suggested by the teacher at home. I don't know how you can possibly say practicing something will not result in a better understanding of it. Do you really need evidence for that?
$C: I teach elementary school and that’s the basis for any work I give for homework. Incomplete class work and maybe like 20 minutes of reading. Kids deserve to be kids when they get home. 
$C: Mrs. [Redacted], you are the hero of my day. And probably for your students’ parents, too. Bravo. ❤️
$C: So poor parents are happy that they can have their oldest cook dinner for their youngest while mommy works at the super market, and daddy is boozing at the strip club. It sounds like a good plan, but moreso for middle class families.
$C: Ok, but that really reeks of some weird privilege for kids who don't have a family, or for whom playing outside is dangerous.
$C: My mom wrote her Master's Thesis, for teaching, on this exact topic. 

Needless to say she is one of the students' favorites!
$C: [deleted]
$C: Fucking legend!!!
$C: This is amazing. Good on this teacher. 
$C: Lazy teacher justifies laziness.
$C: Why didn't I get this as a kid? :'c
$C: How is it no one comments on the grammar in teacher’s letter. “Rather. “ - is not a sentence. 
$C: 1 teacher doing this is pointless if all the other teachers just assign more because "oh, Ms. Blanchard doesn't give you homework so I know you'll have plenty of time to do mine too"... 
$C: Yay!  Can we do that in college please?
$C: This is what my homework has been for as long as i can remember.  However sometimes the lectures were a bit long so we only had 30mins left of class to finish an assignment
$C: My ideal school schedule would be: school day 8 am to 6 pm. Vacation would only be 1 month of summer vacation (august), 2 weeks in December, and 2 weeks in June. No homework until high school and only projects and exam preparation. Homework is very unfair to students without a stable home life. Summers could also be shorter school days with more free time and less structured learning. Parents could even opt out of one of the months if they wanted their kid to attend specialized camp. 

The school year and school day should be reflect the fact that most homes have 2 parents working or are single parent homes.
$C: This teacher forgot the most important factor.  Having a father at home.
$C: My children, two college kids and one 8th grader, have all been in a mix of public and private schools.  The public schools give little to no homeork.  The private schools were rigorous.  Two hours of homework was the average per night.  Maybe not below 3rd or 4 th grade, but above that homework makes a big difference.  The act of writing a paper, doing math problems, reading books helps kids learn.   Always has.  Always will. I’d have to see the case controlled studies to believe that it doesn’t help. 
$C: Could have fucking done it sooner 
$C: This teacher is the real hero
$C: I followed this procedure despite it not being in place in any of my schools.

Homework can suck a dick, as can bringing your work home with you. 
$C: Yeah no its the same thing. Teachers always say this. "I dont believe in homework" = "all classwork will be assigned 5 minutes before the bell"
$C: While kids in other countries go year round 8-10 hours a day, here in America we have this..... 
$C: Where were those teachers when I was in school damnit.
$C: This doesn't sound that bad. We homeschooled our kids so they avoided public altogether. I know this can apply to private schools as well.
I don't see anything wrong with exercising good values with family, at home. I hated homework so badly that I found it hard to do anything extracurricular even when I would normally enjoy it. 
My parent was a disciplinarian so I wasn't coddled either. 
Also I lived with my  great-grandmother who only finished 8th grade. That's NOT saying anything negative about her. She did what she had to do. She did fine without homework btw.
I'm just saying there was no way she could help me with homework and my mom and dad weren't around. Just not possible. I wish I was able to have family time with them.
$C: The intentional dumbing down of Americans continues. 
$C: all the kids just got an extra hour for fortnite every evening, hell yea
$C: Marking is cutting into social media time?
$C: Last year my kindergartner had a horrible year. Ho.ework.out the wazoo us just diagnosed with anxiety. She suffered!! This year is way better. A nice teacher can make them want to do homework!
$C: Ok, makes sense.  Cause it's proven that not giving homework works.

Lol, Redditard.
$C: I might have really benefited from this as a student. I would get so behind on homework and my young brain would see the hole I felt I was in, and I would decide to give up because I felt so far behind.
$C: I refused to do homework after the 10th grade, in 1967.  It made my teachers furious, and of course I got terrible grades in high school.  I just didn't care.  My attitude was, "You can make me attend school between 8:30 and 3:00, but after that, my time is my own."  I absolutely hated school and everything that was associated with it--"school spirit", high school athletics (especially football and cheerleading), the social hierarchy, the oppressive rules about grooming and the dress code and all the rest.  I absolutely loathed the "soshes"--the "socialites" of the school--who were all from wealthy, privileged families and had a snobby, better-than-you attitude.

When the Columbine school massacre happened, I was horrified, just like everybody else, but in the back of my mind, I was secretly thinking, "I know *exactly* where those two guys were coming from.  They wanted to target not only the bullies and the soshes and the jocks, but all the kids who *allowed* those assholes to dominate the school."

I would have never harmed anybody at my school, not even the assholes whom I hated the most, but I can certainly understand the motivation to do so.  *Fuck* homework.  I never learned shit from being required to do it.
$C: very true...
$C: This would have helped my oldest son SO MUCH!

Edit:  Lol, this is 100% the most benign comment I have ever had downvoted.  :)
$C: I instituted this years ago, the first and still the only teacher at my school to do so.  I had no idea so much karma could be had simply by posting my syllabus.
$C: As a dad of a preschooler - More of this please!
$C: If so many of us think this is a great idea, and it’s the #1 post on reddit...how do we make this a reality at all schools?!
$C: 👏👏👏
$C: Funny, try something new and we rank last in almost academic in the world... let's see if this actually changes something... doubt it will.
$C: It is teachers like this that keep me, a private tutor, well employed. 

Yes keep not assigning homework, this will help them immensely in failing.
$C: Great writing.  Good lord.  This person shows what a fucking joke a masters in education is. 
$C: I know I’m going to get hate from this but I really don’t think this is the best idea. My little sister’s school has been doing this and most if not ALL of the kids have suffered a lot academically. 

They don’t know how to study, time manages, so reports, or anything. They don’t have a concrete text book- most of the time the teacher usually prints out a couple of pages from her own text book and gives it to them. Sometimes just shares them online.

This year my sister is going into grade 9 at a competitive arts school where if you don’t meet some required expectations academically, they will kick you out. She will have to bus there 2h, practice saxophone at least an hour every day, do band most days, and then has her normal HS classes. 

Tbh though, even though I went to that same high school when I was younger, it still didn’t prepare me for university/life. The amount of stress I went through first and second year resulted in me getting depressed, gaining weight, and just being in a very dark place. 

Only recent have I learned how to properly study and do everything. Wish I had learned earlier. It would’ve saved me so much suffering. 

Gaming and spending time with your family is great, but learning and staying healthy is far greater imo. 

Again, I know a lot of you might not agree with what I am saying, but from my experience, a little stress and competition to excel and learn when you’re younger will help you a lot later on in life. 

Edit: fFor those of you wondering, I’m in Canada.. and usually our education system is pretty ok ;o

Edit 2: Sorry for weird formatting and/or any grammar mistakes..I’m half asleep and on phone.
$C: Hmm. I appreciated homework, it helped me develop my creative writing and math skills for sure. But cool this teacher is trying something different. Those kids will always have another year or teacher to go back to homework. 
$C: something something Idiocracy 
$C: Love this
$C: I want this so bad it hurts.
$C: r/wtf
$C: sad truth is, she would get fired for that
$C: I never did any homework as a child, I m usually very focus in class, and often complete my "homework" in class. I found this super efficient cos I can ask the teacher anything I don't understand immediately. In my days school starts at 6 am so we can have assembly by 6:30am. Then we clean the classroom, have our 8 subjects taught to us for the day, clean the blardy room again (including staff offices and toilets) and then there's the after school compulsory class at 5pm. I get home just in time for a bath and dinner. Some students goes off to supplementary classes and don't knock off til 10, 11 at night, or have homework club. I was fortunate to run around town having me time. 
Btw if homework wasn't done the teacher can at that time legally dish out physical punishment. 
Also we have mini exams, and the pass score for my class is 100%. So if you get 99, you still receive 1 cane on your palm or backside, depending on the teachers rules. 
I made sure I never miss any homework and never have a score of 98 or below. The consequences was just too painful.
(However I do avoid trying to get 💯 as then I felt I m separated from classmates ... So at least a couple of canes to make me still popular and have some friends. So lonely)
$C: I could go on and on about how we need educational reform in this country.
I recommend if a person could homeschool to do it. 
there are programs that are nationalize and organized 
and it gives you a chance to educate the kids on a greater level by adding many other different things:
  other than just the narrow-minded, antiquated, authoritarian, one-size-fit-all, cookie cutter, factory-like public school system that has been an abject failure
$C: Screw that, I am playing vid games

&#x200B;
$C: Are they doing this in counties that regularly beat us in education rankings? Doubt it. 
$C: Maybe there isn't research proving the benefits of homework because the researchers didn't take their work home to finish it.
$C: Great, now she is parent shaming. 
$C: I'm on the fence on this one. Kids in Asia are killing it in STEM. OTOH, NPR was interviewing a guy that tutors kids in Chicago. He told a story about a HS basketball player who had a chance to get a D1 scholarship, so he asked the guy to tutor him for the ACT. The guy said that within 15 minutes he realized the boy was functionally illiterate. And that this was a boy who was on the honor roll at school, no drinking, no drugs, no smoking, and stayed out of trouble. 
$C: Is it possible this "research" is inconclusive because they didn't finish their homework either?
$C: Great, this is what kind of idiots are teaching kids now?  Hey lady, it's been researched that we don't use European Geography and Trigonometry either.... lets drop those from teaching too. LOL!!!
$C: this is dumb. This way kids won’t get disciplined. When the college comes they won’t have any studying habits
$C: WINNER!!! This teacher gets it!!!
$C: Schools haven't proven to result in a person's success either. People who never went to school, or dropped out of school or failed in schools have become successful scientists, researchers, businessmen and millionaires. They are doing great things to make lives of other people better. While people who went to school and studied hard are unemployed and jobless or doing some job they don't care about but still doing it because it pays. Schools are useful only to get higher success in getting a job interview. After you get a job, nobody cares what you did in school. 

The day when schools will focus more on making a child a human being and less on making a child a library of information, that day I can say schools are worth going for. We are living in a world which still needs laws and people still commit crimes, not only uneducated ones but educated ones commit more crimes. What more can be an example of failed education system.
$C: Seeing people comment that this happens in their high schools bothers me. In elementary, sure, but telling me you could complete an AP class w/out homework is just plain wrong. Theres not enough time in the day.
$C: I agree with no homework but this is a terrible policy. 

I have worked in three continents as a whole school leader in Special Education Needs, and you know who will have homework under this policy? Students with learning disabilities.

Completely agree with not giving homework but just treating kids who do not finish like they are all lazy is bullshit. This needs to be differentiated properly or not done at all

Otherwise it's gonna be little Jimmy with Dyslexia and little Jane with ADHD, feeling dumb because they're the only one with homework.
$C: Competitive workforce? Meh it’s not like we have one now, might as well download an iPad game and enjoy the ride 
$C: Twist: she just didn't want to grade the homework!
$C: I nervously and politely told my teachers up front that I never did homework because I'm working on my own awesome interests in the evening, coding and video games. Some respected it, some didn't and those that didn't would put me in detention for less time than the homework would take in the evening so I happily went. Sometimes I got letters home or concerns raised during parents evening but I just explained about my other work in the evening and my parents always backed me up.

Got all the grades I needed from high school and got a life skill with programming.
$C: As a teacher, why is her grammar so poor? 
$C: Can confirm you don't need homework to succeed

Source: never made homework, am newly graduated engineer
$C: Your teacher sounds like a hippy 
$C: Man this is some dumb shit, let me tell you what homework is actually for, it's there to prepare you for when you actually have to study by yourself. Sure you can go through all of the necessary shit in school only on lower grades but god help you when you get to college.
$C: This is such an obvious fake lol, this is EXACTLY what reddit wants to see. 
$C:  Ggtt. G t    t t t g 5     t t t                g    t           h ta t a aa ta àtta5 ta aàt wa Tata taaatr ways away wag  ggggg     ggg gg      g gg   gg g  g  gggg g gg g   g
At tt g
g    g   ggggarr
R
10  to g




Ggtgtttgt tgtgtt t the get t g
Be gtttt t gtt t tg


A
B
I
sait to  ar as tw area was r a t was rat rr ra was e a t a was re r get b

R 
Was        ggg  g g    g  g  g   back   g               ggt g gt  tgg g5tttg t g to      g           back                      ttgt   gggg      betgtt g  g      g g ttt  t gtgttgttt ggtttt tt  gtgtg gttttt.   gttgtgt tgt ttt g g       GG     g     back  ggggg  g g        ggg     g g back      ggg g       g    GG  g g    GG      g GG g a    ggggggT  t   t   t  g t  ggt g t t g t.   G tt  G GT.  Tgt. Gtg t   Tggt t Gtg g t  g Trgtg    g gTrgt.  Tg  Ggg Gg G Gtv ttgt Tt  T   g    gttVt.  T v. T g g. 
$C: We'll get that single mother on that ASAP. 
$C: Sneaky, lazy teachers
$C: I don't want to be that guy, but certainly in british primary schools this font would never be used.

We shy away from fonts that have the 'a' in that format, the standard font is Sassoon Primary or Sassoon Infant [which has the 'a' in the correct font for teaching reading and writing](http://www.sassoonfont.co.uk/Resources/sassooninfantfon.jpeg)

http://www.sassoonfont.co.uk/fonts/sample.html


$C: Basically homeschool him/her, which is basically the only way to learn anyways.  Education happens despite school, not because of it.
$C: This is fake AF. "Homework will only consist of work that your student [..]"? And it is aimed at parents? Parents have students? 

Also, if the teacher of my kids would send me a note that goes against all policies, I would expect a formal letter, not a note with a comic font.

/r/thathappened material
$C: Well depending on your major in college you have no homework. Should probably study though
$C: Meanwhile(3 years ago in reality) my german teacher was assigning his regular homework: every week: memorize 50 words and 30 verbs that he would add to the previous ones(around 1k at the end of the year) to interrogate someone, listening to a shortstory and and write a 200 words review of it, reading a short story he would ask questions about, doing textbook exercises. Monthly: write 500 words about a determined topic, reading a book and make a review of it. And more random stuff sometimes.
  
Now what the lessons were about: verify that everyone did the homeworks and assigning new ones. All with a lot of bullying(making a student read out loud his bad writing in  front of the class, targeting one student for weeks and only interrogate him/her) and give arbitrary grades for the homework...  
  
By far worst teacher I've ever had
$C: I mean, I get that a focus on family etc. can be positive but ... why are we demonizing homework?  I personally learn best when I have a chance to digest material.  Even today when I need to learn something new, I'll watch lectures in a public or private setting, but it isn't until I go home and practice it myself and get my hands dirty that I truly master it.  concepts can be explained during class, and then the kids get a chance to really problem solve and work through things on their own with homework - a chance to apply the knowledge gained during the day.  I don't think homework is a bad thing.
$C: Perfect. Just what we need. Future adults with even less self-discipline than existing adults.

I'm not saying hours of homework is ok. But kids need to learn how to learn shit and apply it on their own time as well as in class. It's a very basic, necessary life skill. 

It's hard to believe people would disagree with this.
$C: That second paragraph is not very sound.  It uses a "fail to reject the null hypothesis" statement against homework being a causal influence, but then openly accepts correlation as a justification for the other items.

Inconsistent thresholds.
$C: I have a high recall memory and a genius IQ.

But my high school would lecture during class then assign homework. Almost no schoolwork was ever done during school. One class weighed 50% of the mark from homework participation; 30% was common. Couple this with constant bullying from a piece of shit child of a proctologist (literally an ass doctor), I was depressed as hell and would say fuck you to the world when I got home, doing no homework. 

Yeah I barely graduated. 

I barely freaking graduated. 
$C: Mrs. Patronising?
$C: I need to do this. The next class I have (am switching districts) will get this note from me.
$C: Fucking thank you someone gets it. Homework I always thought was stupid. Leave school for school and home life for home life.

Plus, maybe I'm a bit of a rebel or dislike authority...but who the fuck were my teachers anyways telling me what to do once I left school? Like, who the hell are you to give me work to do at home??? Anyways...
$C: [deleted]
$C: I can’t believe that teachers still assign homework despite all this evidence. It shows a lack of professionalism. 

Doctors, accountants, lawyers, engineers.....pretty much every profession is expected to stay current on industry standards and best practices immediately. 

The fact that it’s taking decades for teachers to catch on shows unprofessionalism in the field. 
$C: Thanks Betsy DaVos!!
$C: My son goes to a Montessori school, doesn’t have homework. We live in a southern USA state and it baffles our family he doesn’t have to spend hours after school doing meaningless tasks. Instead, we cook together and go on neighborhood scooter rides. He such a well developed person for his age compared to his peers at traditional schools.
$C: Americans kids do not stack up to kids in developed foreign countries when it comes to almost all school subjects. Now you're saying "Here's even less work, go outside and be kids" sounds like a dumb move. I totally get the point that "kids should be kids" but I don't think this is going to help academically. 
$C: Wow, this is bullshit, the only way to get better at "math" is to do the math homework outside of class.
$C: Looks like one teacher has finally been enlightened.
$C: Best teacher, hands down. This should be implemented in all schools.
$C: Idiotic and ignorant ideas, coming from a teacher living in a ideal world.

Rich kids will have private teachers no matter what.

Kids from middle class would get after class studies.

And poor kids would benefit nothing from this.

Eventually, this would only give us more good for nothing kids...
$C: Wow this is very biased against black people who have no family unit, can't read, and will get shot if they go outside
$C: *And we're sending them home at 1:30pm three days a week.  So if you could work from home that would be great...   Thanks*
$C: Seems a bit lazy if you ask me
$C: MURIKA gets the educational Darwin award.

Rest of the world laughs.
$C: Studies show if you drop out of school the amount of homework is reduced.
$C: Another example of why the ‘generation of entitlement’ is pussified.  Next thing you know, everyone will get a god damn trophy!  Oh...wait....

This does NOT include going home and playing video games for the rest of the night either.   
$C: I'm pretty sure homework was invented back in the 11th century by an Italian teacher as a punishment for misbehaving/poorly performing students.
$C: Teacher of the century....follow him. 
$C: Yeah any teacher who assigns homework is a piece of shit and can suck my balls. If you aren't capable of getting kids the knowledge they need in class, you don't deserve to be a teacher. Fuck teachers like that
$C: >Eat dinner as a family, read together, play outside, and get your child to bed early.

Wow. That's really nice, for those students who come from a normal functioning family.

As a teacher in a lower performing area, however, this would be pretty fucking disheartening and insulting to some of my students, who don't have a family to go home to, or parents who care enough to read or play with them, or even feed them or provide a bed.
$C: Asian countries need to follow this policy.
$C: Shieeet nigga ion waana do dat wack white homework!
$C: Awful idea. Kids need extra practice & time management skills. 
$C: Do you want to create a poor work ethic and time management for the youth? Because this is how that happens...
$C: This is stupid. Unless you're a genius, people learn by repitition. I understand when it comes to concepts, but when you have things you need help with like reading, spelling, writing book reports. What about science tests, things that require memorization. Finding that a-ha moment, when you can finally realize you learned something on your own. The world doesn't work 9-5. That's why kids are feeling entitled and fell behind almost everyone in education.
$C: I wonder how old these kids are. I got a job the summer before my sophomore year and stayed there until college. I hated having homework after school, before work, and was more motivated to make a paycheck than do school work. 

Then college came and it wasn't free. Thankfully my dad helped out with community college but college, a full-time job, homework, and getting married by 19? Holy hell life doesn't get easier lol
$C: except discipline is a learned skill necessary for life. 

doing something enjoyable and difficult is a necessary ability to become successful. 
$C: Oh, wow! I never knew being a parent was part of the curriculum. Thanks!
$C: What a racist. Thinking that children I'm marginalized communities are able to eat dinner together. 
$C: This would be ideal if women who depended gave a shit about their children 
$C: [deleted]
$C: This teacher is probably just lazy 
$C: Horseshit policy which is best translated as "I'm too fucking lazy to grade your kid's homework". I'll tell you this, if you want your kids to be academically competitive you need to either pay for private tutoring or consider rolling up your sleeves and teaching them yourself (that's what I do). 
$C: Another lazy teacher.  This teacher did a very nice job trying to cover herself though, claiming it is for the children.  Well done!
$C: Homework gives 2 working parents peace of mind and a chance to relax for the hour or so it's "homework time" every evening.

Taking that away just makes a kid's home life harder, not easier, due to stressed out parents that never get a moment to themselves.

So do you really think the parents will give up their "me time"? No. Instead of doing homework, those kids will be playing Fortnite, running around the streets unsupervised, or snapping pics of their junk to their b/f or g/f. 
$C: While not working during summers, teachers are trying to think of ways to do less work?
$C: Ah yes, good old reddit, where lazy babies who didn’t do their homework in high school and majored in useless art degrees in college, and as a result want the government to give them free shit because they can’t afford ramen, can gather to support no homework policies so future generations will be just as fucked as them.
$C: That's absolute bullshit though 
$C: Lmao every class since 8th grade has done this.
$C: Let’s continue to keep ‘merica dumb. 
$C: My middle school had the exact same thing. I managed to fail that class, somehow. I ended up not being able to go on a multi-day field trip because of it, and no one would explain to me what I'd done wrong.
$C: I wish I had your sixth grade teacher.

Sixth grade was the year reality in the academic world hit me like a ton of bricks. My whole life up to that point, I spent maybe an hour at the most on homework a night, and that was only some nights.

Sixth grade was when homework loads nearly tripled for me. My life has never returned to the same level of peace I had before that year. You could say my childhood officially ended that year.
$C: Same here. Homework just felt so redundant and such a chore. Always at the end of the day when you were least motivated and just wanted to relax or play. I mean, 98% of my homework was just repetition of what I did during the day. I feel like you don’t need to do 6500 simple multiplication problems to get it. This really affected my overall motivation for school in a bad way.
$C: I wish I could switch off more like that, but sometimes I feel the work just has to get done. If not, it'll just keep piling up.
$C: Call me crazy but I worry this would not instill good study habits for college. Like I get where the teacher is coming from, but as you advance you need to spend more and more time learning the material. So I guess I like this for 6th grade but not for 12th. And key part being if the parents help in the education. A lot of kids don’t have the the privilege of parents who have time and knowledge to help teach them. This is great but mostly for wealthy families. 
$C: >Still to this day, when I get home from work I am home and home means it's time to relax. Not think about work.

I am with you on this, 100%. And I was self-employed for ten fucking years, that was horrible. Now I have an office job and love it for exactly that reason.
$C: My High School English department gave us Homework over Summer break. I wouldn't care about a reading list, I love to read. But we had to turn in several essays and reports when we got back. It kinda took all the fun out of enjoying a book on a summer day. They missed the point of it all. 
$C: Won't this cause a big shock once they go further into high school or college where there's no such policy? Being used to 8 hours of work and suddenly realizing you have basically no free time anymore would crush me.
$C: My 5th grade teacher did the same! She even gave us extra recess if everyone finished all their work. Best teacher ever haha
$C: The only issue is, and I say this as an ART teacher lol, how do you expect a child to pass exams and quizzes then? They'll need to do some type of work from home- whether it be reading or studying to prepare for these tests. Am I right?
$C: You guys are lucky

$C: We have a county-wide policy of no homework on weekends for any grade level.   One time my kid in high school was talking about doing her homework over the weekend, so I emailed the teacher to complain.  Apparently this policy doesn't apply to "honors" classes, which is pretty much any math or science class worth taking.  sigh.   Of course, I got the "well, it's only an hours worth of homework" logic, which is great unless you take into account that she has 4 honors/AP classes!   
$C: My seventh-grade math teacher did the same thing. We ended up behind the schedule because our class was a bunch of morons behind the desks
$C: This is going to be ****tragic**** for this next generations industrial plant managers!
In other news, life satisfaction of the general population is expected to rise + 80% 
$C: What county do you live in? 
$C: I hope you realize that by typing the word "county" you have apparently thrown half of reddit into an absolute tailspin.
$C: Our elementary schools have a policy of setting a 15-20 minute time limit on the homework, when it exists.  Partially I think this then shows how the kids are progressing.  A math minded student will finish more math homework, and potentially less English, etc.
$C: Can I go back to elementary school in your county?
$C: Finland?  ["Where to Invade Next"](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt4897822/) covered that.
$C: Where the fuck was this when I was doing Algebra at 2AM?
$C: God I wish my kids school would do this. Every night it’s math, reading, spelling words and some wild card assignment. It takes at least two hours to get this done with the both of them and it’s never smooth.

Every. Fucking. Night.
$C: My high school had this and I'd like to think it affected me negatively because I was old enough to be supposed to take responsibility but this thought me that I didn't really need to. I know it's not the system's fault but I think I would have been stimulated positively with homework *at that age*.
$C: [deleted]
$C: So did my step-daughter's school.  However they just ended up assigning a ridiculously large amount of in-class work and she ended up with more homework than ever.
$C: how does that help prepare children for 12 hour work days bracketed by 2 more hours of work on the commute? 

not sure if /s
$C: Back in my day, we just didn't do the homework and got failing grades. Ah, public education...
$C: Same here, but the problem is the High Schools have homework so the students never do homework until they get to High School then they are bombarded with homework and get overwhelmed. 
$C: How is it possible that doing more math problems doesn't help you get better with math though?
$C: I don't think it's official policy in my board but it seems to be the unstated rule. I work for the board and almost every kid only has homework if it's work they did not accomplish during class. I honestly think it's so smart.
$C: The real reason why they don't assign homework in the elementary grades is because they don't want us parents teaching them the way we were taught. Especially in the subject of math. 
$C: They gradually implemented this at my kids school. My son had more homework in kindergarten than he does now in 4th grade so far. It’s gotten less and less each year, which is good in many ways, but the damage was done in Kinder. 
$C: Ours too, Wisconsin. 
$C: This is how it always was for me, did I just get lucky?
$C: i live in florida too, wish my elementary school was like this... i got 2 to 3h of hw a day
$C: The thing is that Teachers will still assign work at the end of the day in which there is not enough time to finish so you can still have HW it is just now referred to as leftover work to do from school.
$C: Our school is doing the same thing. 
$C: Same in Canada 
$C: My son's teacher last year did this. It was pretty cool for him. His grades didn't suffer any from the previous year, either. 
$C: That’s basically what I did in high school.  I hardly did anything at home.
$C: Jesus Christ this needs to be in every school on Earth yesterday!
$C: Suomi?
$C: All the schools in Denmark implemented this, then brought back homework once teachers realized they actually had to work hard in class again
$C: Not all (I work at a school) but many are experimenting or leaving it up to the teacher. 

I think a little work is the best way to do it. One max 2 short assignments in reading or math. For years the work was to much but a few math problems or a 1-2 paragraph reading comprehension assignment is doable but not an overload on the student or the parent. 

$C: As long as they continue through high school with it. My schooling didn’t and I was fucked when I got to high school cause I wasn’t used to traditional homework like that at all. 
$C: But then how does a kid speed past the average ones to have an appetite like Elon Musk?
$C: What state? u/dollarbill1979
$C: The school district in my city has just implemented this. My little brother is in elementary school 
$C: I never even had homework until middle school.
$C: My highschool used the college grade system.

As I graduated they went to normal system, 4.0 3.0 2.0 etc
$C: My elementary school didn't have any homework either. Except in the grade before going to middleschool but that was specifically to get us used to having homework (it was studying for one weekly topography test and learning some new english words) Worked fine in my estimation.
$C: I graduated high school in 2009. I NEVER had any homework my entire time during elementary school. I didn't know homework was a thing at that level of education.
$C: But without homework you are putting kids at a disadvantage in college which is heavily depended on homework, and for any job that requires deliverables. 
$C: That's so cool man!

I would be ecstatic if this happened when I was a kid lmao, always hated homework, like everyone else.
$C: Damn I probably would have done better in school.
$C: Same.  Went to meet the teacher and most teachers are on the same track. 
$C: My former high school implemented it this year... And this is the suburbs of Chicago.
$C: Unfortunately I still have to do homework here in New York
$C: Public school? if yes, I am torn about this. not sure if it is just a way to mask several possible issues:

1. Reduce complaints from parents about "too much howework"
2. Reduce the amount of work by not having to grade" too much  homework"
3. Mask the unhappiness of the teaching job
$C: As a parent who is literally just sitting down at 9pm after getting home at 5:30pm and doing homework with my son for 3 FUCKING HOURS, where do I have to relocate to live in this Utopia? Seriously... We don't even have time to function as a fucking family, let alone karate or anything else. My son has ADHD and even if he didn't, it's still fucking ridiculous. Everyone in this house now is doing nothing but working for the weekend.

Edit: saw your other reply that you live in Florida. I'm in Pinellas county. How far am I?
$C: Most students just cut and paste their answers for homework anyway.  You can’t cheat spending time with family or doing something better than homework.
$C: I’m trying this with my middle schoolers this year! We’ll see how it goes!
$C: I love this answer hahahahha
$C: My son's school district had been doing this since at least since he's been in school, and he just started 6 th  grade. 

As a former student who hated homework, I think it awesome. 
$C: I wish our school would do this. My 2nd grade son has 20 to 30 minutes of homework AND 20 minutes of reading that has to be logged. I never had homework in 2nd grade!
$C: Bay county has no graded homework at all levels of school now.  Teachers can assign "optional" homework but they cannot apply homework to your grade.  In class work and tests only.

$C: My child is about to enter Kindergarten... I'm really hoping they have something similar in my school district.
$C: Same here. My son's elementary school has the same policy for K-6. They emphasize parent involvement at home to practice reading and math, but no homework.  
$C: What kind of elementary has homework of any kind??
$C: Canada also has been like this for as long as I can remember. Students cannot be graded on work done at home because the teachers cannot confirm the child did not receive assistance. 
$C: FUUUCK! - Your Son, probably 
$C: This is actually from a college professor, that just has poor font choices.
$C: I can relate to missing things after i got out of elementary school in Florida, USA. When I left and got to middle school my brother said they painted most of the school yellow and when I had to go with my mother to pick him up it looked pretty cool
$C: It's like my highschool finally implemented a 10 point scale instead of a 7 point scale the year I went to college 
$C: Hey, I feel you. All throughout my elementary school days, the school board said they wouldn't build swings on the playground because it's too dangerous for kids. Guess what they built right after I went to middle school? :)
$C: Classic
$C: Does anybody know if this is in Houston Texas?
$C: My school is a  very small private school so its up to the teachers and the kept getting rid of homework in each grade like a year or two after I was in each grade
$C: I recall all of my homework up to high school basically just being busy work. I mean yeah it prepared me well for adult life where 3/4 of what I do daily is mostly busy work that could be avoided if the people above me took thirty seconds to think things out, but yeah I’ve seen the same studies that homework doesn’t do anything to progress a child’s education. 
$C: LAUSD just did this too.
$C: My kids just started a new school yesterday, and this is their policy. For all grades, k-12.
$C: congratz on 25k points
$C: Now can we get this for college level math ? If your in intro math some teachers will force you to buy an online 3rd party program and will assign home work every day up to like 30 questions each day for 5 days for 4 months? It's a good way to get burnt out and not make me wanna go to class
$C: I remember being in the fourth grade in 1989, and thinking how stupid all of the rote repetitive homework was, and it wasn't because I was lazy, I was an honor roll student who knew that shit backwards and forwards and all it did was make me hate school. This is a great change.
$C: I'm a middle school teacher in CA and I do the same thing.
$C: I have gotten these notes for two years.



All that karma lost. 
$C: Our elementary school does this as well and while I believe the research, one thing is being overlooked and that's the ability to gauge how your child is doing in school on a daily basis. Without homework, I can't tell how my kids are doing. This year, we had two parent teacher conference which review their performance. In both instances, the teacher indicated my daughter was doing well in math. At the end of the year, her performance was not up to grade standard, so we spent the summer getting her to where she needed to be. 

&#x200B;

If I was able to see her progress on a daily basis I would have been able to see where her deficiencies were. Bugs me that there are no checks and balances for daily performance. But I guess that's on me as a parent to ensure she is grasping the material. 
$C: Same is in Estonia. 
$C: That's perfect, you got to avoid spending time with him 
$C: When I was in a school we finished our work, then for homework we learned and practiced for what would be taught the following day. Teachers made sure we finished the day's work so they weren't backed up and not completely the full curriculum by the end of the year.

People are upvoting OPs post and are applauding the fact that some schools aren't assigning hw, just because some children in a class couldn't finish their work during the day. That is counter productive. The longer the work takes to be completed which backs up the entire classes learning experience, delaying the years curriculum...the less amount of the curriculum is taught by school year end.

US public schools are already lacking massively in terms of quality student grades and productivity, compared to loads of other first world countries. So how does it make sense for kids a whole class to get bogged down by a few students who could finish their work, get no homework for the rest of the class because of it and as a result, they're taught less throughout the year.

So these schools who are doing this are pushing ourselves  into having even *lower* worldwide scores and productivity.

People are applauding something that will make youth learn less within the period of a school year. It's insane.
$C: I have two middle schoolers. 99% of this extra time these kids now have as a result of no homework will be spent on screens. Plus, the teacher benefits from not having to grade homework. Win, win!

More quality family time, what a joke.
$C: That's a good thing for your son.  This strategy is absolutely retarded.  When in doubt about schooling, take a look at those asian kids - they go to academies after school until midnight.  Homework does not improve student performance? lmao.  Homework is mandatory studying and everyone knows studying works.  This is why america is extremely pathetic in the math and science rankings while asian and european countries consistently rank top ten.  Make america stupid again.
$C: The reason homework doesn't work is because it is expected of the students to do the same old stuff they did at school. 

Do you know what works? Sitting down with your children and instead of teaching todays learning lessons but the next chapter, new math principles etc. Guess how I know? Thats what my parents did. You don't go from your mom having 5th grade education to producing doctors and engineers because school stopped giving out homeworks.

What a joke.
$C: Sorry this is bullshit.   Welcome to the next generation of entitled uneducated millennials who have never had to work or try and expect they deserve success.   Life is hard your highness.  Anyone who says different is selling something.  
$C: They did this in high schools and I think in all grades, here in TN. It was infuriating that it happened after all those years of bad grades because I had things other than homework to do after 8 hours of schooling 
$C: If they can use "studies don't support homework" as their reasoning why they don't assign any, then where are the studies that support *not* assigning homework as being helpful or a better alternative?

I mean, US public schools are generally abysmal. I feel like any reinforcement students can get is helpful versus some ill-defined "go home and focus on your mental wellness and your chakras" policy. You know most of them are going to go home and play video games or play with their cell phones.

Edit: Reddit, I asked a fair question. I hope this isn't how you behave in school.
$C: Spring break wya
$C: Now we need a teacher that will assign Fortnite as homework. 

“Can’t mom! I’m doing my homework!”
$C: Yeah honestly in elementary school, home life was messed up. I was mostly by myself, so I'd just be watching Youtube, eating dinner and not doing my homework. 

It's nice that people have complete, happy families but for me, life wouldn't be that much different. I barely did my homework anyway. 
$C: Exactly this. Homework was never a problem in the past and they definitely "ate dinner as a family, read together, play outside, and went to bed on time."
$C: *5am,
 you fucked up, buddy.
$C: Family time is family time dammit.
$C: What about family fortnite games at the table?
$C: Literally my nephew
$C: Funny that I was gonna mention that the typeface looks like it's from Fortnite.
$C: Gross
$C: I stay awake till 12 or 1 when I have to wakeup at 6am  for  school or I stay up till 8am on breaks or weekends
$C: That's honestly still better for the kids than homework

Except when bridges are involved
$C: Fortnite is a more intense mental exercise than school ever was
$C: Or how adults are *supposed* to view the work/life balance.
$C: I always did my homework in the period prior.  I got in trouble for not paying attention in class A LOT.
$C: I don't know how I feel about no homework in high school. University is pretty much all out-of-class assignments or projects. Not having the discipline developed to hold yourself accountable outside of a school environment isn't going to help those kids. 

Edit: a lot of people are saying how little homework they had but realize these kids would have ZERO experience with homework. All the way from Kindergarten to high school they never had ANY homework. Now imagine being in university where you all of a sudden have to manage all your take home assignments, essays, projects, labs, etc (and also living alone if they decide to go away for university/college). Not really helping these kids at all.
$C: This sounds great for younger kids, but how on Earth is that supposed to prepare high school students for university and life in general? Will they graduate without ever writing a research paper or completing some other major project for school outside of classroom hours? 
$C: Through high school? This can’t be serious 
$C: ~~Grade~~ school is pretty ridiculous. It's basically a full time job. Then they come home and are expected to work even more. No balance at all. Students frequently screw up their sleep schedules working on this stuff. Then they fall asleep in class the next day. So they don't learn shit. Then it takes even longer to do the next homework. Now they're stuck in a rut of failure. And god forbid they have a hard home life too. There's no homework getting done when your home life is shit.
$C: Work.... Life balance?
$C: It’s not work though, and there are large disadvantages to the kids trying to equivocate the two.  

The biggest issues kids face out of school and entering either post secondary or the work force is that in post secondary you need to develop good study habits for self study in many professional programs.  What you do during the lectures is almost always not enough and the courses are designed so that practical learn by doing is by self study at home.  You do this and kids will struggle even more in the first few years of college.

The second is that in many professional environments you don’t take work home but you need to take ownership of your work and be motivated to complete everything you need to during the regular work day without your hand being held or constantly badgered.  Furthermore you need to learn to self check your own work.  All of these things are not applicable to an in-school environment and are habits that homework encourages, which is where the value lies.  Not because it necessarily improves their grades 
$C: Well that should certainly set them up for success in university. /s

"What do you mean I am supposed to study and read the chapters before class so I am better prepared?"
$C: How are you gonna practice what you’re taught though? No subject needs homework except for math. I’m a student (16) so I don’t have some old fashioned way of thinking, but math needs practice and of course you don’t need to spend hours of your life, but take maybe 40 minutes out of your day and do a few math problems of what you were taught that day, it really helps. I’m not trying to brag, but I went from getting 80s in eighth grade from not doing homework (just form a natural understanding of certain concepts), to a 91 in grade 9 and a 96 in grade ten from doing homework every night and really cutting down on making stupid mistakes.
$C: I went to private school from 7:30 until 5:30 and still had a night full of homework 😕
$C: My grades would have been so much better if I could have had that. 
$C: I like the policy in the picture because it works if students *do* work hard during the day. If they don’t, they are forced to do the work on their own time. 
$C: Wait there's supposed to be balance?
$C: Where do you live?
$C: Where’s your kid live. I wanna go
$C: Where is this wonderful place? I want my children to go there.
$C: [deleted]
$C: I’m in high school right now, my life would be so much more relaxed if I didnt have homework.
$C: How does that work with textbook readings? I couldn't imagine doing those at school surrounded by my friends.
$C: Yeah, ok 
$C: Do you think this affects their ability to study effectively once they get to college?
$C: Don't you like learn how to do the thing, do a few problems, then do the majority of the work at home after you've proven you can do it?

Maybe I'm too old but idk how there is enough time in the day. 
$C: What I think is funny is when things like this start making the rounds on Facebook and all the grumpy bastards bitch about how kids these days have it easy. All because scientific research has shown that they didn't benefit from all the homework they had to do.

'That's the way it was done when I went to school, so that's how it should stay.'
$C: > much like adults view the work/life balance.

All work, no life 
$C: Omg can I go back in time?

Calculus homework ALONE was one hour each night in high school senior year.  Ridiculous 
$C: Are you at all concerned that this might make college overwhelming for your child? I was in a strange situation where I had a lot more homework in high school than I ended up having in college and I was happy that I was prepped that way and it felt like the kids around me who experienced the opposite struggled.
$C: When you say be adults you mean play Halo right?
$C: So they read no novels for English class?
$C: Problem is their day is essentially 5 hours, those lazy ass teachers better start staying until 5pm with the kids if they want no homework.

This is why we are getting dumber as a society.
$C: I mean, that’s cool and all. But locally we have the best charter schools in the country. The kids who go there have mountains of homework, but they still have 99.9% graduation rates, 97% go onto college, ~20 kids go to ivy leagues, and intelligence or family finances have exactly nothing to do with attendance, it’s a lottery system. 

Like half of the kids graduate high school with an associates degree and they start calc in 10th grade. Those kids are *worked*, and, well it works. 
$C: Ah if only there was no homework for my college classes.... well sometimes there is none. It's all at the professor's discretion. Though it is much better than what it was like in public school. Having homework be 40% of your grade is asinine. Then again Florida allows you to still pass when failing classes with their bs standardized tests. 
$C: Wish I'd had that experience. I was extremely overloaded with extra homework growing up. I had no room for healthy socializing. I was so stressed I'd often cry over my assignments. Straight when getting home I started homework, and did not finish till dinner time.

I'm glad when I hear schools allow kids to live a life.
$C: Wow we started homework in grade 2. By grade 4 I had 2-3 hours each night. I typically didn't have enough time to finish all my assigned homework from grade 8-13 unless I didn't go to bed until midnight or later.
$C: I feel like this leaves you very ill prepared for college. I wouldn’t have the gpa or degrees I’ve gotten if it wasn’t for literally doing 3-8 hours of homework a night, which averaged to about 4 night.
$C: It's actually pretty crazy how different the expectations are between K-12 versus college and a typical work schedule.  
  
In college you spend significantly less time in class, and with the exception of certain majors or assignments, spending the rest of your time on studying will leave you in a pretty good spot.  
  
Working (again, with the exception of certain highly-demanding jobs) will typically ask you to just *be* at work for 8 hours. Most of the time people are able to spend at least some of their time not necessarily working. You go home and you get paid.  
  
K-12? Sit here for 45 minutes. Now get in line, shut up, and go sit in *this* room for 45 minutes. Okay how go back to the first one *and I swear to God if you even giggle on the way there I'll--* okay time to quietly read. Now go eat but *don't be too fucking loud* during *lunch* or we're going to hold you in for recess. Alright now don't fucking *run* outside, remember that fast walk you practiced for the entire of gym? Do that. Also don't touch. Also no teams for anything, it's not nice. While we're at it don't even fucking jump in place. Also the swings are closed for no reason. Okay great now go home and do 30mins of homework for every subject.
$C: “Work hard” like watching Bill Nye in class while the teacher sends nudes in the bathroom?
$C: Another reason for this is that it doesn't really matter until high school. A kid can fail every subject and still move on to the next grade.
$C: Grade school you just sit there for 7 hours. It’s really not that tough.
$C: Homework in later grades should be passive, like reading...MAYBE basic worksheets.  Work that requires synthesizing information should be done in the classroom.

Edit: research suggests better results doing this in college settings as well.
$C: Your school is pre-k through high? Imagine the lunch line
$C: That's the idea, but as a former student..
Let's just say that a LOT of kids just spend all their school hours socializing/talking and did the class work as homework.
$C: Adults have terrible work/life balance in America.
$C: Are you shitting me??? I wish I couldn’t have been part of this generation
$C: Cool just started kindergarten this year with my son. Lots of homework. 
$C: Exactly.  Even college is like a 40-hour week if you're organized with your time.  Most students have 15 hours of class per week which leaves tons of spare time to get your work done outside of "after-hours."
$C: I wish this was the way, because kids can have more time not just for family, but also for any enriching extra activities that don't typically fall under school curriculum
$C: But adults don't learn in their adult life. Seriously, most people I know in their 30s now, have no hobbies, don't volunteer, don't read REAL books to expand their knowledge (rereading Harry Potter doesn't count), don't read the newspapers, but rather spend their evenings watching TV. And let's be honest, I know of NO parent who spends 6-10 pm hanging out with their teens m-f. Their teens are in their rooms catfishing.
In all seriousness, my years of experience shows that my students retain more of what they learned that day if they reviewed it with their assigned homework. 
This is why we're last in education. No homework, no midterms or finals, only statewide achievement exams.

$C: Hold on with that thought one second. My on-call pager is going off.
$C: I would have legitimately had a 4.0 GPA if my high school had a policy like this. 

Undiagnosed ADHD-PI interferes with my ability to complete homework. 
$C: My high-school did this. They just assigned more class work than could possibly be finished during class to get around the no "assigned homework" policy. Bullshit. 
$C: As a engineering student I wish this was the case for us... I'm gonna try to do a lot during week days and take off the weekends this semester though. We'll see how that goes. 
$C: Through high school??? That seems insane to me. Like they don't take home books from english or history and read them? Do they learn trig and calculus without homework? That sounds like a disaster waiting to happen in college.
$C: Yeah they’re fucked in college lmao
$C: Work/life balance is a myth. Most people in my office bring their work computers home with them so they can continue working at home.

&#x200B;

Hell at one point my boss informed me how bad it looked that I left work at 5pm. He encouraged me to set my average departure time to 5:30. This is a job where 16 hour days are not unheard of.
$C: That’s why I’m reading your comment and not reading the email that says “urgent” on it. 
$C: Man, if college/university becomes like this one day I'm gonna be *PISSED* after all the evenings I spent doing projects or studying. I do support that though. That's cool.
$C: Wow. Sounds like I would have actually done well in this version of school.
$C: Where do you live exactly might need to move 
$C: >motivated

>me as a kid

... something doesn't add up
$C: Similar to how most adults leave their work at work, rather than being punished for getting it all done by getting more work assigned to them. 
$C: You would think that. I never give additional homework, but slackers gonna slack
$C: Honestly that’s why I devote so much class time to letting my (high school) students work, because chances are a lot of them won’t do it at home. Plus, if they’re working where I can actually be useful as a resource/reference, I can be more effective.
$C: We had this at my school, can confirm, I didn't want homework so we did everything in class or in the break, still we had enough time to chat and enjoy school
$C: You'd think, but that's definitely not the case in my classes! The only homework students get is work they didn't finish in class. They get plenty of time. It still somehow does not manage to get done but by a few... who always notice quizzes and tests are lifted directly from the classwork ;) 
$C: Personal anecdote, when I was in public school as a kid I always did the bare minimum and constantly had issues with homework. When I got home from school i just wanted to play video games and watch the Simpsons. Well my grades started to slip and my mom put me in homeschool because of it. Then I was in a situation where, the quicker I did my work the quicker I could get to games etc. I excelled in this environment.
$C: This has been my policy for the last 4 years. They are not more motivated. 
$C: They still dick around, thinking they can do it at home and would rather socialize with their friends, and then when they get home, they don't feel like doing it.

Its a brutal cycle
$C: For me it would motivate the shit out of me to rush through it and do a shit job! However I do agree with this MOST jobs you can (a majority of the time) leave once your done your work and disconnect from it. School should be the same. 
$C: I nearly failed every class I took because I refused to do any assignment at home.
Only my test scores kept me squeaking by each year. My best report cards were from my times in ISS since they just gave me all the work up front.
$C: Just curious, but what happened to you when you didn't finish classwork?

It never happened to me, but it happened to my sister, and she had to bring it home as homework. That's in addition to our assigned homework.

There was *plenty* of motivation to do your classwork. Because it wasn't going away.
$C: Lol no, they just won't do it, get fucking wrecked on any assessments, and then the teacher will have to set up a parent teacher talk
$C: Nope. I teach. I’d still get kids that won’t finish. Then they won’t do the work. Then the parents will get mad at me for failing them. 
$C: I probably got my habit of procrastination that way. "Eh... Il be doing homework later anyways so why bother focusing on my school work at school while all my friends are here..."
$C: 9th grade teacher here. I've had this policy for 3 years. It doesnt.
$C: Tbh that's how I did my homework. If it wasn't done there I didn't do it
$C: Honestly wouldn't surprise me if this doesn't swing kids that don't give a shit over to wanting to complete work at school.
$C: But do they have to complete it correctly? My math homework was purely graded on correct answers rather than effort.  As I think it should be, if it’s classwork or homework and you have the time to ask questions and look things up then you should be able to get the correct answer. If only based on complete then it’s super easy to bullshit work.  
$C: I figured out that I could finish all my homework during the day in HS and never did homework at home again. Very motivating.
$C: very progressive idea. its also very coool that she is teacher even thou married. very progressive lady! I like it. wish my teachors were more like this, but we had very old fashioned teach
$C: I'm a teacher and I've had this policy for 2 years now. And I just spent 2 extra hours at school photocopying the textbook because one of my classes wants to talk at school and do homework at home.

Except the disruptive/disengaged 50% won't do it at home either. I already know that what happens is I give them the work they should have done the past 2 days, they take it home and lose it or leave it, they come back empty-handed or unfinished, so I have to waste another day of instruction having a "party" for the students who did the work and small group silent work with kids who didn't, and inevitably I'll pull kids from lunch and write parents home about the 4% who won't do it no matter what. That's hours of extra work and preparation for me. For 10 pages of a book that we had 3 days to read.

Also I'm not allowed to ever give them a 0.

If we can't teach kids to motivate themselves, no amount of leverage will ever convince them to choose work first and leisure later.
$C: I'm a teacher. This sounds better in theory than it is in practice. Students are as prone to procrastination as anyone else.
$C: I was shitty at homework except in two classes with the same teacher, who let us finish our homework in class. Took me all of ten/fifteen minutes to do in class, but the moment I was out I lost all ability to motivate myself.
$C: didnt stop my daughter from talking all day in class. :/
$C: Honestly it's a decent way to teach responsibility. People ask me why there are days where I have so much free time or so little to do for work. Well, I rather work straight through and finish something than drag it out. The hardest part is never really doing the work, it's getting back into the mindset to do the work and setting up to do the work each time. 

In high school I always did well on exams, test, etc and I never did homework and my grades would always suffer. Hated daily homework. Did way better in college because I wasn't assign daily homework or doing the same remedial shit after class daily. 
$C: I didn't have homework in elementary school and I still got extremely poor grades.
$C: Joke's on them I never did my homework in the first place
$C: I hear this one simple trick is getting kids excited about learning everywhere!
$C: You mean half-ass it, get it all done as fast as they can so that they can run home and play fortnite until 10 pm. 

Just doing "Homework" doesn't lead to success. . .doing things repetitively leads to success. . .which taking an hour at home, outside of class time, without distraction to work 100 simple repetitive problems does. . aka homework. 
$C: What work. 
$C: My first few weeks of 8th grade was me getting home after Quiz Bowl practice and spending 5pm-930pm doing homework. I ate dinner while doing homework and only stopped to take a shower and go to bed at 10. It's stupid. Homework is stupid overall for the most part. 
$C: This kind of overbooking is what reinforces half-assedness. There’s two types of students- those who bend over backward trying to complete every assignment to its fullest potential, and those who do as little work possible for the most gain possible. I have always been the latter. I made it through an entire education k-12, ultimately earning a BA, without ever being the first type of student. If the teachers assigned a reasonable amount of homework, then I would have been more reasonable about completing it. I only harmed myself by being a lazy asshole, but it would have been nice to get the support from school in becoming less of a lazy asshole. Instead they show you that you will get a B if you do almost no work, or you will get an A if you spend 14 hours a day doing work. Very poor reinforcement there 
$C: When I was in 11th grade, every teacher of every subject expected us to do at least 2 hours a night PER SUBJECT, they were literally asking us to do eight to ten hours of homework a night. We laughed and said that’s not happening.
$C: And then those kids get burnt out by college. 
$C: 5 AM hockey practice

7:50 AM school

Lunch break in there somewhere

4:00 PM grabbed shit from locker and made my way home and was able to put my shit down. Begin video games.

4:45 PM lie to mom about homework load

7 PM dinner

8 PM oh noes I forgot about homework

8:01 PM log in to AIM for 2-3 hours

10 PM start homework

10:15 PM parents order me to bed

10:16 PM defy parents, play video games

12 PM blow off homework, go to sleep

4 AM get up for hockey

5 AM hockey practice

6:30 AM start homework due today in hallway near locker because the school is open but the rooms are mostly locked

---

Why the fuck do I think my life used to be easier when I was a kid?
$C: I went to a private orthodox jewish high school. I had 2 hours of secular homework a night, and 2 hours of talmud study a night. It was insane. That was ontop of school that started at 7 Am for morning prayers, and did not end until after 6 PM for evening prayers.
$C: I was that student in AP classes and in almost every activity possible. I remember having two or three practices everyday of the week, often not getting home until 9 or 10 at night. And then staying up until 1 or 2am doing all of my homework. Getting up at 7:30, and doing it all over again. Because of the activities I was in, I was often at competitions on the weekends so I almost never got a break. 

Looking back at it all, I don’t know how I did it. I’m so lazy now. 
$C: 2 hours of HW is nothing compared to what highschoolers fo today. A 12 hour day sounds great, 7am to 7pm, but my day last year was from 7am-11pm. School from 7:00-2:30 then sports from 2:30 to 5:00 I get around 5 hours of homework every day.
$C: Yep, I was in public school doing 5 hours of work per night. AP classes were harder than college. 
$C: I was the same way from 6-12 was private. The only times anyone had was the weekends. For the underachievers who somehow got it done had less than an hour of work after school but still had to deal with sports. 
$C: I had an awful school for that each teacher was convinced you needed to do 2 hours of homework a day so 4 classes a day assigned you 2 hours of homework a day. It ended up making a real harsh divide between the people willing to do it and those not,out of the nearly 200 of those that started in grade 8 less the 70 graduated. 

The 90’s a bad time for experimental education.
$C: I always got great grades and liked my teachers but I HATED school and homework.  I just wanted to read and play with bugs in the dirt.
$C: I remember being pleased when our school day shorted from finishing at 3.20 to 2.30 and thinking *yes, now I can pull 8 hour study sessions after school*. Fuck that. 

I actually regret putting in so much effort in school; I'll tell my future kids to work hard but not to jeopardise their childhoods.
$C: AP classes were two hours of homework a day each. Some of my friends had 4 AP classes and worked after school. 

There is a reason Kids started abusing ADD meds. 

We all learned something from that saved by the bell episode. 
$C: Went to a public middle school and pulled all nighters while in 6th grade. I wish I just played more Pokemon
$C: Haha I’m in high school at a charter school and it’s much worse than you could imagine (workload-wise). My school is 6-12 and surprisingly it was actually the worst in 8th grade when we had 13 classes. Super ridiculous and I do not regret being a slacker in middle school.
$C: Yeah preps them well to be productive slaves for 10-12hr days not including travel. 

Fuck that. 
$C: How else would you make perfect little cogs for the machine? /s
$C: Marching band 6:30am - 8am, classes till 3:40, gymnastics till 5, work from 6-9, 40 minute study hall and an hour (less travel time) for dinner. Then calculus and physics homework. Bed by 11 on average. 
 
Now I'm at work around 7:30am, take a hour lunch, and out the door by 5 most nights.

What's wrong with this picture? 
$C: Yep prep school life


"Lets prep you for life"

*burns every kid out by age 18*
$C: I'm a college student and I went to boarding school for high school and private school before that. You keep thinking, "oh, I just have to work hard now to secure my next life step and then everything will be ok and I won't have to worry about anything else." but it never stops. I swear it has contributed to my mental health issues 
$C: Not going lie if you have study halls when you're in middle/HS you should be able to knock out any homework. 

I remember never having to spend ample time on homework and I played every sport offered during the seasons.

Think Homework is more so a test at how to properly manage ones time. 
$C: I also went to a strict private school and this is the first I'm hearing of mandatory homework. Where I'm from you only get homework if you failed to complete your assignment on time.
$C: Add 4 hours of reddit and youtube and you got yourself a 4 am night
$C: Indoctrination stations. ^onlysortof/s
$C: I went to a party last Saturday night

I told you that story. It'll  be alright

 uh-huh


It ain't no big thing
$C: That's why I never did homework. My parents didn't bring their work home, and I figured I shouldn't either.
$C: I worked about 18 hours a day in the worst parts of junior year of HS, probably averaging 4-6 hours of sleep per night, plus working on weekends, and the rest wasn't much better. I have no idea how we didn't have a bunch of suicides in my high school.
$C: I made a separate comment below but that's how it was when I was in my private school. 7 classes a day 30-45 mins of homework each every day. Ple ty of times I worked until dinner. Ate dinner wrapped up school work after. Had maybe an hour or so to do whatever then went to bed. God forbid if it was soccer season or baseball season and I had practice 3 times a week. Those times I didn't finish homework until 11 at night. And this was middle school. 
$C: I also got proficient at guitar, video games and somehow did it all with the TV on and I was simultaneously lazy. 
$C: This is the norm in China. Not saying I agree but they are insane when it comes to academics, and not in a healthy way
$C: I went 7am to 11pm most high school week days. Weekends about 6 hours homework so they were more restful
$C: It's insane too. At my schools I went too the teacher didn't even mark your homework. You either did it or you did not. They looked through it to make sure it looked right but none of my teachers actually marked the questions right or wrong which made no sense, whats the point of assigning it to study off of if you don't want to make sure we are doing it correctly
$C: IDK. Most of my high school experience was getting up at 6AM to go to school and getting home around 10PM (sports + ECs + commute), going straight to bed...and I really didn't mind that. And FWIW, the school stated that each student was supposed to do "3 hours of homework per night" (which happened to fit nicely into my commute). 
$C: Currently attending a private high school where this is the case. I, like you, do the absolute minimum amount of work and yet it still becomes overwhelming near the end of the year. There's kids I know who have one goal of going to an Ivy League school and they will spend 6 hours minimum on homework a night, starting when they get home from school which is at 4. So their day consists of waking up at 6:30 to catch the bus from their town, getting to school at 8 and working until 3. Then they drive home for an hour and get home at 4. Then they do homework for 5-6 hours and go to bed. Seems like hell to me and not at all worth it. I can already see them working themselves too hard and burning out in their twenties only to realize that they wasted their life on school and work. Most of the kids are like me and find a way to get good enough grades for a good college without killing ourselves and ruining our mental health.
$C: I'm currently a senior in a private school with 1-2 hours of homework a night on average.  I live an hour from the school and do gymnastics from 5:30 to 8:30 and don't get home till 9:30.  I leave the house at 7:00 soooo tha'st like a 14:30 hour day.  No wonder I'm failing.
$C: I’ve had the exact same experience, and this week marks the start of my junior year. I’m lucky to be able to go to as amazing of a private school as I am, but honestly it’s pretty frustrating to be busy with either sports, school or homework essentially from 6 am on Monday to 5:30 pm on Friday, then have another 3-6 hours of homework to get done on the weekend. I honestly don’t see how this is helping me become a better or more productive member of society. I realize this is now more about me than it is about responding to your comment, but I just want you to know it’s helpful to see someone who has gone through this already, because from what I can tell, none of my teachers had this kind of workload in high school, let alone middle school, so the only people I interact with with this schedule are the other kids at my school, and we all assume it’s normal cause it’s what we’ve been doing since 7th grade. Thanks for your comment, it let me get this out in a better way than just getting frustrated at my work. Speaking of, time to get off reddit and go finish that. 
$C: Sounds like you received a superior education to the pathetic public school version. Be thankful. 
$C: Yeah, its come to the point where I just don't turn in homework anymore.
$C: My district has an x•10 system, where they expect you to do 10 minutes of homework for every grade. Like in 1st grade, you would have 10 minutes of homework. 2nd is 20 and so on. By 6th grade that's an hour of work per day. I'm currently in 10th grade, which is 1 hour and 20 minutes expected per night. Except it's not, because every pre-app class is 15 additional minutes and ap is 25 extra per class. My 5 pre-ap classes adds up to almost 3 hours of homework expected of me per night. Add this to 2 hours of band after school, 8 hours(ha) of sleep, and 8 for school, you get 3 hours per day of "free time" before factoring in eating, driving to and from school, and any extra-curriculars. Fuck Homework. We need social lives.
$C: When i first got into college i was really lookin forward to it and tried my best to work hard in all my classes to get A’s. I took this summer transition program that had us take i think... 3 classes. A math class, an english class, and a “college” class... that was just about helping you transition to college. It was pretty easy... obviously. 

I tested strait into pre calculous and i generally never had much of a problem with math. If it was taught in a very organized way I usually aced it. But... this university’s math program seemed to think students should do 100 math problems a night. Or at least something close to it. And we are talking about logarithmic equations... and we needed to show our work on every single problem. I couldn’t do it. When I tried I was literally up all night. Yeah... I got an F. Which frustrated the hell out of me because I really did try and I had never struggled in a math class before. 

I eventually dropped out of that college... to eventually go back into a community college a couple years later. At that point i decided to go into architecture and did this transfer program where it was a year there and the other three in a university up north. 

Again I took a precal class... and again i didn’t pass. This time i blame the fact that I spread myself too thin. I did that a lot in college... wanted to take as many classes as i could so I took roughly 18 credits a semester. The math class was the only one I didn’t pass simply because I just never spent enough time on it.... aaaand I may have skipped a few classes... don’t do that kids. 

I took a year off after, mainly because I was one year away from finally being considered “independent” on my financial aid forms and my family absolutely couldn’t help me despite how much my dad made. So the summer before I finally went up north to finish my schooling I re-took the precal class but this time in a recently opened up community college near where my parents live. 

It was the only class I took and not only did I ace it... I got every single extra credit problem correct too so I got beyond 100% in the class. And the kicker? It was SOOO easy! 

Moral of the story kids... never EVER spread yourself too thin. You think you will go through school faster or your work faster or it will stick better if you practice more or if you do more at once... but no... it doesn’t work like that. Spend all your attention to as few different subjects as possible and you will do far better. The more time you can take to fully explore one subject the better. And I have to say thats one of my biggest regrets in college... always tackling more than I could handle. 

Granted I absolutely don’t remember at all how to do logarithmic equations anymore and its not at all applicable to what I do now but... I did it. Lol. 
$C: Seriously, I don't get a huge load of homework but just sports and School takes up about 12 hours of my day
$C: I remember back in the late 80's, early 90's, I got so much homework as a kid (middle school age) I was up until midnight some nights. Just doing homework and trying to handle it all with my extracurricular activities my parents thought I needed for college. Every class aside from gym/art gave at least 45 minutes of work each night. 
$C: I went to a public school and we always had 2 hours or more of homework a night, plus papers. In high school we just started copying answers because teachers were always trying to fit 3 lessons in one hour with 24 students. Homework didn't help me learn if I didn't pick it up in the classroom. 
$C: I’m feeling you right now... I’m not a slow worker, actually very good but I’m at school from 7:45 to 5 every day since I’m on one of the most strict and good math teams in the nation, and just entered 9th grade. On the 2nd day we had 6 hours of homework so a 8-12am day with 1 hour break tops.  
$C: I can probably count on my hands the number of hours I spent on homework in highschool. We had it sometimes, but it was always optional in that none of it was graded.
$C: I would wake at 6, get to school by 7, do an hour of homework, then 7 hours of class, 2 hours of sports, an hour of dinner with homework, then dick around from 7pm to 10pm. Not that bad. especially given 1 hour of that 7 hours is just lunch and time between classes and another hour was band which was fun.

&#x200B;

So really only 5 hours of tough learning and 2 hours of homework. 7 hours of work a day isnt so bad
$C: 12/13 hour days - my kids right now. Wtf.
$C: schools like that can go die in a hole 
$C: Woah, I just realized I’m in that exact situation. 12/13 hour day
$C: But how hard do you work now?
$C: My school had way more than two hours of homework. It was exhausting
$C: Dude I had 1-2 hours of homework in 2nd grade. In high school teachers would try to only assign 1-2 hours PER CLASS. I got the short end of this stick. I straight up didn’t have a life for most of my childhood and didn’t discover that I was good at sports until I got to college. Whoops
$C: Yeah it’s wild looking back.... get up at 6 shower eat breakfast school (all AP classes) from 7:30-2 track practice (all 3 seasons so pretty much every day all year) from 2-5 get home 5:30 and help mom with dinner (she usually wasn’t home yet) and try to spend some quality time with her. Start hw around 7 work til 10:30, make time to apply to colleges and scholarships, try to talk to friends and GF, volunteer, join clubs etc, and go to bed by 12 to wake up tomorrow and do it all again. I didn’t realize it in the moment but I was going non stop for 18 hrs a day and look back now and struggle to be productive after work or in between my 3 1 hr classes at school...
$C: It's pretty stupid.
$C: When I was a freshman, our school was on a huge campus and had 15 minute passing periods and a really long lunch. Which meant I had to be at the bus stop at 5:30am or some shit. Then I had wrestling practice and then homework for several hours. I often didn't get to sleep until midnight. 

I think kids should get homework to reinforce concepts but that was rediculous.
$C: I remember hearing some of my teachers say for Advanced Placement classes in high school each hour in the class room equals out to about double in homework. Ludicrous. 
$C: Oh shit. Hard work and learning. What hell that must have been. 
$C: Primary school students in China are burdened with hours of homework on a daily basis. They also have 3-8 separate classes on weekends for extracurriculars such as art, music, math, etc. While many younger parents hate doing this to their children, they are seen as negligent if they don’t. It’s so sad to see a class of 6-year-olds dreading the weekend.

Source: I am a primary school teacher in China.
$C: Yeah, that's craziness to me. 

Went to a public school. As far as I was concerned, I had 8 hours of school where I payed attention and did my work, then I had 8 hours after school to make my day not miserable and enjoy life a bit before going to bed. Didn't do my homework as I saw it as a waste of time. I still passed all my tests and exams without issue, all homework really did was make school an unnecessary pain in the ass. 
$C: My high school had an honors English teacher that assigned multiple essays every week for her 9th grade class. I can still remember my dad calling bullshit on me that I was doing “another damned essay” and had to show him the assignments and he got all sorts of annoyed at that was my reality that year. If even half of my teachers assigned that much homework it would have been 12-16 hour days every single day and I was a full time athlete.

I truly respect these modern approaches to teaching.
$C: I was that kid. 12 to 13 hours most nights. My parents set me up for failure in my 20's. No wonder why I feel like I have so many problems. 
$C: I don't think i spent that much time on school work during my undergrad unless I had a paper due or something o.o 
$C: Some of the kids in my high school were doing 5 hours of homework a night to get top grades! I'm super grateful that I had a good memory and could read quickly then and could kind of wing it. For lots of these kids college was a given and they didn't have money so the only option was to do what it took to get scholarships. Fucking brutal. 
$C: Then think about finals week, not to mention if you didn't understand a subject and had too spend an extra 1-2 hours a night. No wonder so many people have sleeping disorders
$C: If I ever have kids I'm gonna make sure I remember the shittiness of the amount of work schools expect them to do, and go easy on them. 
$C: Welcome to Poland. 
$C: I actually had LESS homework in my private school (1st-8th) than I did in my public high school. I had from 1-3 hours of homework a night in private school, but once I hit public? Teachers paraded about and boasted about how much homework to expect on a nightly basis: For every hour you spent in class, you should have an hour of homework. And that's just nightly assignments, not essays and projects and everything else you would expect.

There is definitely a balance we need to hit, between learning to be hard worker and having some free time to be a child.
$C: One of my classmates in high school studied 4 hours a day, *every day*, when it wasn't in periods with lots of tests. She didn't even have that good an average (still the best of the class, but it was like... 9 out of 10? it was in italy). Can't see how it could have been worth it, especially considering how little high school grades count here
$C: My dad and I got into an argument when I was in High School, his usual shit about me being a lazy bum, never amount to anything, etc. When I double checked my work schedule I figured out that I averaged around 65-70 hours per week between school and my job, not counting homework, plus at that point it had been something like 3 months since my last full day off. 

Obviously he didn’t give a shit and to him I was still a lazy entitled bum, but it was eye opening to see just how much I was working.
$C: This was my education. School from 8:15-5:15 M-Th and half day Friday. 

College in the US was a breeze  (except for my nagging untreated/unmedicated ADD that was only diagnosed at 27). 


$C: I go to a private school (senior now) and the dean of students (also my football coach) says that each night kids should have a minimum of 3 hours of work. Given that my school is one of the highest rated academic private schools of the nation (top 50) shits crazy. I hate it. I have football after school for 2 hours, I lift for about 2 more hours after that, and then have homework for 3 hours? Fuck that. I don’t even sleep. It’s absurd. I get to bed by 11 BARELY every night while maintaining a 3.0 gpa. It’s absolutely ridiculous. 
$C: Got to groom them to adulthood where adults work 12 hours a day just to survive.
$C: >6th grade on expected you to do a couple hours of homework a night.

How could they possibly give this much homework? Homework that takes a while to do also takes a while to grade.
$C: It also teaches structure and time management.

I feel like there's a healthier balance than maximum overload homework and absolutely zero homework.  


$C: Yeah it truly sucks, but the rewards from extra curricular are good. I have jazz band at 630, then school, then tennis, then marching band, and I get to leave at about 930 pm, then start homework. Not every day though. In today's world, I don't think work life balance will exist once I get a job anyways, so might as well get used to it.
$C: That's me right now. I have a 7 hour school day, then 2 hours of sports practice. Then I have about 2 hours of homework. 

I have a 11 hour work day. It's not that bad though I would love not to do homework.
$C: Yeah but public school is absolute fuck-all bullshit. There is no “work” that gets done there.
$C: Give me a break. Most school barely are 4.5 hours a day.

&#x200B;

People are surprise why we are getting outpaced by India and China.
$C: "In *my* day, I had to do three - four hours of homework after school!" 

"Ugh, grandpa, not this story again..."
$C: God I am so jealous picturing actually having a childhood. I’m not saying my upbringing or school was horrible by any means, but I was pressured into the “gifted” courses starting in 3rd grade by my parents and by 7th grade, 4-6 hours of homework a night was pretty typical. 

When you focus all of your time on schoolwork, it becomes just that: work. Even the subjects I had liked previously became just another part of this mind numbing mountain of shit. People wonder how students end up in their junior year of college without picking a major, well that’s how. If you spend all of your time focusing on busy work that makes you miserable, you don’t figure out what you actually enjoy. 
$C: > Can you imagine a school year without busy work?

I felt like most of the work I did in school was busy work.  Except for a few of the math classes I took, the class was basically "How can we creatively put about 20 minutes worth of textbook reading into a 90 minute period?"  Most of the courses could probably be completed in about 2 weeks if it wasn't for all the wasted time. 
$C: Unfortunately, for some students it is busy work but others really need the extra practice. However, it is often the students with parents who can’t be bothered to provide help at home that need the extra support. It is also important that parents reinforce the importance of school which can be done by doing one or two assignments at night. But I only teach kinder so our homework takes about 20 minutes (if that) per night, leaving plenty of time for kids to be kids. 
$C: In high school my classes were so long and broken up I had no homework except for a few bigger assignments. It was great.
$C: IIRC when I was on school, "busy work" was not the same as work that was "intended to teach or reinforce" course material. I rememeber being a 4th grader and knowing what "busy work" was and knowing it was bullshit. 
$C: Uhhh... kid here, I'd love to appreciate this policy but my school would never.
$C: They don't always. I have this same policy, and my high schoolers still tell me how much harder they have it than I did when I was in high school. They often use this as an excuse to complain about the minimal work they do receive (comparatively). At least they don't have to read chapters of text book on their own every night. I'm at a loss. 
$C: Eh, some of my teachers do the "no homework" thing but then give us busy work every other day that's impossible to finish within the hour. 
$C: I absolutely hated the word searches, crossword puzzles, and flash cards that I had to waste time doing and making. And this was in high school! 
$C: I might not have dropped out in my senior year! It all became too much. 10 years later and I still am without a GED.
$C: I can actually. I did the minimal homework required to graduate middle school and high school (except rare occasions where I tried hard for the Lulz and guilt). Got to college on a 2.7 gpa

In college it was slightly different. I did minimal amount of work in classes I didn’t give a damn about or couldn’t prioritize over more important classes. Major classes and classes I cared about I put 3009% of effort into. I was able to do that by sacrificing all the wasted time that could have been doing homework and hardcore studying  for other classes. I have a good career in my field, so no regrets and I feel absolutely justified :).

The only class I ever failed was chemistry, but that’s because I ended up sleeping in nearly every class due to exhaustion from film projects, and I miscalculated the minimal amount of effort (just half a letter grade away) to pass for my gen ed requirements 
$C: I remember spending hours coloring maps. If the color wasn’t neat crossed a border it was an automatic points deduction. 

Busy work with little to no educational value. 
$C: To be fair, it's pretty clear that this is an elementary teacher- while your comment isn't incorrect (I *hate* grading homework), it's also really important during this stage in kids' lives to grow up healthy, resilient, creative, happy, and loved. The skills that are practiced with daily homework are not skills that matter in any capacity at that age, and only hurt the aforementioned goals for young children.

I believe homework has its place in some capacity as students get older, but this seems perfectly reasonable at the elementary and even middle school levels.
$C: It's not just the marking, it's thinking up what the homework should be, creating it, making copies for everyone. 
$C: It’s not so bad once you develop a [good workflow](https://media3.giphy.com/media/3oriffF0Lt6ioJie08/giphy.gif).
$C: Nobody pays for it. Teachers do on their own time or it doesn't get done. So fuck it.
$C: Research will say that most research is bullfrog 
$C: Exactly. That is why the math teachers at my school switched to an online math homework program that was glitchy and required wifi (which not everybody had at home.) It was awful.
$C: No teacher should mark homework because they're often done by parents. Instead I write a comment that encourage student to keep fighting or to smile. I rarely give homework though.
$C: Dear Parents, 

Not only will I be doing less of my job this year, allow me to take this opportunity to tell you how to do yours. 

Signed, 

A Millennial Teacher (probably)

$C: all we always did was cheat and copy off of another nerdy ass kid who did it because fuck doing 2+ hours of homework a day

that or do it in class while the teacher is lecturing 
$C: Especially grammar. Ain't no time for that shit.
$C: Research shows that America is falling further and further behind in math and science.

They don't do this millennial cupcake shit in Asia.
$C: It's kind of funny to me reading the comments and there's this divide about how positively they view this and I think it can be best identified as "who actually has children." 
$C: I’m curious if it would have a similar effect in high school students.
$C: As long as there is no difference in academic performance. Idk personally going home and doing the same stuff I did in school a few hours later always seemed to reinforce it for me. It caused me to forget a little and relearn at home and really drive the facts in my brain. 

Maybe I was different though but doing something right after be taught it or doing it a few hours later always made a difference for me. 
$C: No work at home = try extra hard in class 
$C: Well, if you're not getting 0s from all the homework you're not doing, your grades will necessarily go up; however. That doesn't mean you're getting smarter faster. If academic performance means "grades", then I'm not sure how that proves anything.
$C: Surprise! Elementary teachers rarely even “grade” homework. More like glance it over and check it off in their grade book. Source: fifteen years of listening to fellow teachers brag how they don’t even check the very homework they assign. 

I also don’t “believe” in homework and cannot find any definitive research that shows that elementary homework improves achievement. It does, however, help students practice homework hygiene. So my third graders do have a reading log (book title, parent initial, pages read) to encourage reading for pleasure and I ask them to practice their spelling words. No loss of recess for forgetting to do homework either. It’s just a participation grade on the report card. 
$C: Studies have also shown that second generation East Asian immigrants are ~2 years ahead in mathematics in comparison to their native (*) peers. 


******

`*` When I refer to 2nd generation immigrants and native peers I always get a bit confused, as in my opinion I shouldn't really have to distinguish between someone who's parents happened to move somewhere and someone who's parents happened to be born in the same place. So I feel as though my language might be a bit loose here, if anyone know's a better way of referencing these then I'm happy to be informed. 
$C: That’s ok with me. I certainly wouldn’t be thrilled to work 60 hours per week on a teacher’s salary. 
$C: Are you an asian dad? Because that's exactly what an asian dad would say if the teacher ever decreased homework
$C: My mum taught high school chemistry and physics for 30 years.  She'd get to work at 7am, leave at 4:30pm, and then do at least 2 hours of grading a night.  That's 11.5 hours a day without even factoring in the commute.  On weekends She'd do 3-4 hours of grading and lesson plans a day.
$C: In my sons class last year, all his math homework was done on a website called ixl. He'd have to get to a certain score in the time limit. It was really nice actually.  

His science homework was corrected in class the following day. 
$C: Everyone's happy
$C: Good!  Happier, more relaxed teachers are better for kids too.  
$C: Pay them better and maybe they will care more.
$C: 90% of teachers will use that time to better prepare lessons. An extraordinary amount of perfunctory work is done in schools. It is a massive waste of time and tax payer money. 
$C: This was my tutor in middle  school, he told me not to speak about this , but giving the light this story is getting, I feel I have to speak out, OK here goes.   He  
$C: Am I the only one that thing this is fucking dumb?  This just in premier league cuts down to two practices a week.  They say time with family will help players win.  Learning to work hard and the repetition of practice creating improvements is proven.  
$C: I wish they would cite their sources and research. 

"some researcher said that vaccinating your child will give them autism" 

Lazy ass teachers. Hence:     

# Those who can, do; those who can't, teach

I was a teacher that shit is easy.

&#x200B;
$C: LPT: Micro-Cut shredders cost the same as regular ones, but they turn the paper into powder, taking up less space and making the content unrecoverable!
$C: Do grades even matter when you are 6? Why bother doing it all? Oh no she isn't gonna get a 10 cent printout certificate at the end of the year, what a tragedy
$C: Fuck that shit. She's fucking 6, she should spend the holidays playing and shit.
$C: What part of 'holidays' do teachers not understand?
$C: You're joking right? Please be joking.  
$C: What class was it for?

Was it "How to spot a fake "story" comment on Reddit 101"?
$C: jesus christ what kind of school does she go to to give her 160 pages of hw for one holiday? I don’t think that’s normal
$C: How can a teacher reasonably expect a six year old to do all that? If I were you I would contact that teacher and tell them  to go fuck themself.
$C: On what planet does that volume of hw encourage a 6-year-old to enjoy learning.  Such bullshit.  

My niece just started kindergarten and the teachers told my brother there is a max of 20 minutes per week.  I hope that is true.  
$C: Unfortunately boring books are the books that have assignments pre-made for them and have obvious shoehorned in themes and ideas. The teacher would have to actually work and think of how to apply ideas to a book people would actually read or find interesting 
$C: When I was a kid I signed up for the library reading program that encouraged you to read ~12 books over the course of the summer for small prizes along the way. Read whatever you want, as long as it’s age appropriate, and get excited about it! 

Whhhhhyyyy would we mandate what sixth graders have to read?!
$C: So true. I loved reading as a kid and have always absolutely loathed it as an assignment. I was so burned by frustrating experiences with it that I eventually was just incapable of getting myself to read anything assigned to me. I literally went through college doing maybe 20% of the assigned reading. 

However, I still graduated Latin honors with Phi Beta Kappa while double majoring in reading-heavy subjects. I just paid attention in class, took good notes, and went to the books when I didn't understand something or I was writing a paper. I was also on the editorial board of the literary journal, so that I didn't read much was like my dirty secret I hid from the editors. 

Post school I've definitely had to repair my relationship with reading a little bit. Being made to read certainly soured me on the experience in a lot of ways. I enjoy it when I do it and I'm good at it, but it's a bit of a chore. 
$C: Oh hell no! Assigned homework is cruel enough, assigned homework on a holiday is some supervillain shit.
$C: Books shouldn't be what you get your information from in school, Teachers should. Majority of the fucking morons that barely even know the subject they're teaching at my school put a piece of paper on your table and make you do all the work without guiding you while they fuck around on their phone.

Genuinely considering dropping out this year so I can go work at my dad's business, School is a horrible environment that has no benefits after you learn the basics of Maths and English. And majority of Teacher's are Egotistical cunts that just bully children. Not saying this about all Teachers but a large fucking majority are retards getting payed to do fuck all and give out to kids who just want to go home.

Sorry for going on a rant but I have a genuine hatred for school
$C: My daughter (or rather, myself and wife) would not be competing that, and instead would be sending a note back with the homework telling the teacher to go pound sand. 
$C: This is the kind of bullshit that creates anti-homework backlash.  I don't give that much to my AP science students in high school.  Reasonable, appropriate homework *to practice and reinforce what was learned in the school day* is effective.  Being overloaded with busywork practice does not.

$C: I'll take b-b-b-bullshit for 300, James.
$C: Send her back with a note excusing her from the work.
$C: I had less homework in college.
$C: What holidays? All summer?
$C: 3 copies of the Old man and the sea
$C: ... wow

Growing up in the UK there was no homework in junior school, I had maybe 4 hours a week in high school? Truth be told I just did it during lessons.

Honestly my first instinct after reading your comment would be to leave the school / country / country. That's just awful and way beyond my nightmares. 
$C: This! This! A million times this! I would always love to read but I *hate* classic lit. Shakespeare can be good because a lot of his characters feel like people. Romeo and Juliet in particular is, in my opinion, the trashiest Harlequin bullshit I've ever seen on stage, but I love me some Twelfth Night and Midsummer Night's Dream. 

Anything written by Dickens is just a non-starter for me. I don't like books that are despondent and hopeless, I get enough of that from my own goddamn brain chemical imbalances thank you very much. I don't like books that prattle on about pointless shit: I read books to hear a story about something, not to learn how pretty the architecture was in this old rich lady's house. Jane Austen has talent but her work is just so... dense and flavorless, if very well rendered in it's lack of appeal. Like a gourmet five course meal laid out before you, except you take a bite and it's all cardboard.

I thought I'd just run out of books I liked until my high school librarian turned me towards some sci-fi and fantasy and modern fiction. Here these books were, small enough to fit in my jacket pocket and about as thick as my phone (a flip phone, so respectable but not War and Peace). I could reach into my coat pocket from where I was sitting after taking a test and pull out my copy of Ender's Game or Storm Front or The Gospel According to Larry and just enjoy watching someone else *do things*, watch things happen that are impossible or improbable in real life, and I didn't have to slog through Elizabethan English or 2 pages on the virtues of a *fucking wall* to do it.

My sister's school didn't assign her the classics. Her summer reading was *Scythe*. Shusterman wrote that two years ago. She's getting to read contemporary literature for school and she loves it. That's how you get kids to read. Scythe wasn't the only thing they assigned, but I don't have the list.
$C: I just started high school and im supposed to read a gothic novel over my winter "break."
$C: Nope. They encourage heroin use.
$C: I was homeschooled until age 9.  I did no formal work of any kind - no lessons with parents, no homework, no written quizzes.  I just read books, watched informative TV, asked my (educated) parents questions about stuff and occasionally went to museums.  After a couple of terms of primary school I passed the entrance exams to grammar school and was broadly speaking ahead of contemporaries when I started.

I was, however, not particularly prepared for dealing with bullying, making friends in a school situation, etc. and that took a while to develop.

An anecdote, not data, but I find it ironic that being home schooled and spending time with my family rather than being in a regimented school environment left me academically ahead but interpersonally behind.

tl;dr- if you're going to homeschool your kids, get them around big groups of other kids who aren't all from exactly the same background so they learn to deal with conflict and develop social skills.
$C: Because the real dirty little secret about school is that it’s really just day care. 

Recent proof: a school district in the US just went to four days a week and the parents panicked with outrage. The district offers a day of day care for 30 dollars a day now for all ages. 
$C: Its fairly easy to craft a lesson that a known kid will understand.  It takes a lot more effort and time to craft a lesson that 25-30 kids will understand.  Especially when that includes ELL and Special needs kids.
$C: Holy shit, a comment that is positive about homeschooling! Haha but that is like my oldest son. I homeschooled him until he was 7 and a half and he was ahead too. We did about one hour of work a day (where we would actually sit down and work on stuff, that doesn't include other learning that happened). You get so much more done when it's one on one learning, and not having to manage/cater to 30 other kids. 
$C: I went to a vocational school. From age 12-17 We were taught to accept we would be spending most of our time working, for the rest of our lives. I hated almost every minute of it and the implications of it. I wish I was home-schooled. The only draw back would be, depending on the child, he/she would be stunted socially. The school yard can be were you learn who you are and where you do and don't fit in, for most people. Although with the big family you were describing maybe that wouldn't be such an issue.
$C: [deleted]
$C: I  believe this. I was homeschooled for a while and the whole reason I was home schooled was because I was actually behind. I couldnt really read, or write, and the teacher at the time told my parents that I was so behind they didnt have the time to get me up to par. So my parents took me from school entirely. 

I had around an hour of direct instruction time from my mom, then some basic daily project/solo activity that probably took up another half hour to full hour of my time after that. Each day was a different subject. My P.E. classes were either horseback riding lessons, bowling lessons (surprisingly great, was a homeschool program), or just spending "scheduled" time outside in the backyard. It varied, but iirc whatever program my mom was doing it through required PE to be something actually scheduled and specific (so just playing in the neighborhood with other kids didnt qualify). I also took piano lessons, and once I started learning how to read sheet music, reading in general just kind of "clicked" and I soared ahead.

When I re-enrolled back in public school, I was apparently well ahead of my peers and probably should has skipped the grade entirely. I distinctly remember them giving me some reading and writing evaluation and I was at a "college level", according to them. I'm sure it helped that my mother is a brilliant individual, the teacher definitely matters.

I didnt particularly hate public school once I started it up again, but I definitely feel like things plateaued a fair amount once I did.

$C: The problem is all of the stuff we have to do around teaching that adds time to the day.  Not all of it is a waste of time, it's important for them to learn and do.  Too much is now pushed to schools to do, that used to be done in the community and in the family.  If It isn't done at home it needs to be done at school.

In Grade 3 at a very disadvantaged school I lost 1 period a week to Occupational Therapy for the entire class as they struggled so much with basic skills like listening and understanding sequential instructions.  To the point they struggled with being able to retell what they did yesterday in a coherent fashion.  

1 period a week was to psych services for emotional regulation skills training, again, much needed.  

1 period a week was to an outside health group to teach life skills to prevent heart disease, stroke, and diabetes, again totally necessary.

2 periods on Friday for a dance party to encourage attendance and help them want to be at school as absenteeism was a huge issue.

5 periods a week to cultural studies.

Add in all the various groups going on for OT, psych, "girls groups", "boys groups", and so forth and I lost 12 periods of instructional time a week to utterly necessary "extras".  It was frustrating to say the least.  I felt so torn, knowing they needed all of this, yet also knowing that none of that would be taken into account when my review came around, just how they scored on the standardized tests.

In my class 16 out of 24 students were 2 years or more below grade level In reading, writing, and math.  Homework was never returned finished.
$C: If there are 30 kids in a room a teacher has to make sure everyone is following and in most classes there is at least 1 person who never listens so the teacher puts all of their effort into that one kid which wastes everyone's time. If you are homeschooled your the only person who has to be watched so you can finish in a lot less time than a class with 30 people
$C: I was homeschooled for 5 years of elementary/ primary school. I worked on my own, no input or instruction from my mom, for about 2 hours each day. I kept up on my work in all subjects and got ahead of my peers in math by just doing extra of that most days, by choice. 

It was really great for me.
$C: 20+ kids doing this per class per day would be 20+ hours of time per class per day as each student is getting 1 hour of attention to themselves which teachers don’t have
I get your point but it is always harder to mass produce something to a high quality.
I just finished school recently and the homework wasn’t all that overwhelming, it was a pretty light workload until my final year.
The only problem I have is when they don’t allow you to work ahead yourself or if they set overnight homework as sometimes it’s just not possible if you have other commitments 

$C: 1 on 1 vs 1 on 30, at a time when kids can be incredibly unique in their educational needs. It's really no comparison.
$C: I remember thinking in high school, that the entire day could be condensed into under an hour if we removed the useless classes like PE, electives, foreign languages, (and unpopular opinion) home-ec, and if the other classes were taught at a non-glacial pace. 
$C: I was homeschooled through highschool graduation, and had a similar schedule (possibly even looser) to the homeschool family you know. I am at university now and I’m keeping a 4.0 going into my sophomore year. Basically all I did from middle school through high school was hang out outside, learn about stuff on reddit, and spend a lot of time with my family. I know a lot of other homeschooled kids and they have had very similar experiences. When you give kids some space and let them explore their interests, some really great things can happen.
$C: So much of the schoolday is spent on bullshit that you need when doing crowd control.
$C: I don't have my glasses on and read this as "I know a big family of homosexuals..."
$C: They were probably hella smart.  
$C: Well one of the points of school is to socialize, learn how to interact with other people, how to get criticism by other people than your parents etc.,..
$C: Are you say government is not efficient? 
$C: Yeah, that's what I've seen as well - assuming the parent/teacher is vaguely competent.
$C: That's because their education was tailored to them, whereas in a big classroom, the teacher can only do so much. The education system is so messy everywhere.
$C: Yeah, in school, you are stuck with a bunch of dumbass kids, kids with rough families, or kids whos families dont care at all about education. teachers have to teach at least the average or lower. good school combat this with advanced classes or work but still, its not possible for them to cater to every level of student
$C: math and English are really the only two things you need.  Everything later builds on those two subjects.  You won't be tested on history 1 information in a history 4 class, but for a math 4 class you need the information from a math 1 class.  I think homework is very much acceptable for math.  The best way for a majority of people to get better at math is to just do problems over and over until it becomes muscle memory.
$C: His mother probably had a clue how to actually set things up in an academic sense though, there are *many* parents who'd struggle to teach their 6 year old maths. By including it in language throughout the day, connecting concepts when they're walking about or during other play etc. 

So there's a cultural problem with a lot of this too (I'm commenting from the UK at least) 
$C: Does that make you wonder why we even have teachers?
$C: How were their social skills?
$C: Don't forget, homeschooling means that a parent can afford to be home to do it. You're right, school's are inefficient (I think of them as being like a game of football; an hour on the board but only a few minutes of action) but the successful students most often come from better family environments.

Look at the note. Read to your kids, have dinner together, get to bed early. That shit is indicative of having the time to do those things, not the desire to. Single parents are stretched thin. Economically disadvantaged students are responsible for younger siblings. And teachers--the adults and role models that work closest to these distressed kids--are bound by federal funding requirements that don't consider any of these things.

But due to the same proximity, teachers and 'failing' schools get the most blame. I've seen the vitriol toward them too often on social media and in person. The closest I ever came to getting in a bar fight was with some loudmouth going on about DeVos fixing a culture of "good for nothing teachers". There are certainly bad teachers, but by and large teachers are nurturing, dedicated professionals.

Your education will always be what you make of it. And what priority you give it will almost always come from your parents/family.
$C: Some teachers are terrible at time management and I completely know what you mean. 

On the other hand, this does happen. I wrote on my board exactly what we’d go through and what our assignment would be before every single class. I made it clear that whatever we didn’t finish would be homework. 

Then my kids would proceed to talk and interrupt and get off topic during discussions. Or play games on their chrome books. I’d redirect, mention their assignment, etc. (and my classroom wasn’t a madhouse— my students were generally well-behaved, just not good at using time), and then the bell rings and they have to finish reading a chapter and do study guide questions and I’M the bad persons. 

Kids who used their time wisely and stayed on task almost never had homework or had less than 10 minutes. But the kids who did nothing (except complain about how much work we had, usually) had tons. And then they talked about how I never gave them time. 

No dude, I set aside 15 minutes to read 3-5 pages and do 5 questions. You just talked to your buddy for all of it. 
$C: Soooo I won’t be doing that until tomorrow, in class. 

I had one teacher that would just talk. That was how he taught. You could take notes, you could play on your phone, or you could add to the conversation if he’d allow and request it. 

He was my favourite teacher, because in the past, I’d get “called out” for finishing an almost due assignment, reading a book when the teacher was reviewing stuff (I have an eidetic memory so if I took notes I’ll remember everything in the lesson, so “review” for me was pointless), etc. Yet this teacher couldn’t care less. I’d even multi-task and listen in to his talking while finishing an assignment or even taking notes while working on something else.  
$C: This is excellent preparation for the working world. 'We don't do overtime here... you must need to work on your time management skills.' :-(
$C: I had something similar, so I ignored the lecture and did homework in class. Best part was if I was stumped there was an example on the board and I looked like I was taking notes. Got my B.S. of Engineering so it didn't hurt my academic career.
$C: Just getting you ready for the standard corporate American work life!
$C: I'm a teacher. I have to admit I've done this before, because I'm a human and if I'm assigning something new I sometimes misjudge how long my lesson is going to be, how long it's going to take them to do, etc. It happens. As a teacher all you can do is learn and make an adjustment. It can be a hard skill to nail down, especially if you're a younger teacher, or it's early in the year and you don't know the kids, or it's a brand new assignment. If your teacher is not self aware about their mistake though that's a whole other problem...
$C: If I recall correctly, I read data from the Trends in Mathematics and Science Study (TIMSS) that showed a little homework raises student performance above not assigning homework, but it's diminishing returns and assigning too much causes performance to go DOWN, probably because of stress, lack of sleep, etc.

If I remember right, the "sweet spot" was 1-2 hours per night for a high school student. I try to aim for a 15-20 minute assignment if I'm going to assign homework at all.

EDIT: Found some data: http://timssandpirls.bc.edu/timss2015/international-results/wp-content/uploads/filebase/mathematics/9.-classroom-instruction/9_8_math-time-students-spend-on-mathematics-homework-grade-8.pdf

It's for 8th grade students. Sort of mixed results, for some countries performance went up with more homework, for others it went down. But glancing over the data, it seems assigning some homework was about as effective as assigning a lot of homework. The international averages for performance were 474 for less than 45 min of HW per week, 491 for 45 min to 3 hours per week, and 481 for more than 3 hours.

EDIT 2: Just clarifying that the data is for math performance and hours of math HW per week.
$C: I feel like there is no correlation in elementary school.  But once you get into high school, I believe if you dont do homework, you wont retain the information
$C: There's a lot of controversy surrounding homework, but from my reading: 

Learning in class, practicing at home = potentially bad

Learning at home, practicing in class = potentially good

Practice is reinforcement. Absent a teacher, homework could be reinforcing incorrect thinking. 

So "take notes from the book tonight-- we'll discuss them in class" is more likely to be beneficial than "take notes in class-- you'll apply them for homework" 


$C: This. Aboslutely does help and is super important when I was in HS/College. Otherwise, I'd learn the material and by the end of class it was gone again lol. Now, I'm pretty sure anything under HS level doesn't really need it. Maybe a single simple math assignment a night just to keep times tables and simple maths fresh for the kids. 
$C: Yeah, tbh that part seems like complete bs. 30 min to review your day or week wont hurt
$C: I found [this](https://today.duke.edu/2006/09/homework_oped.html) to be the best answer to this question that I've found. I don't know why I keep seeing people say "I've never seen research showing a positive influence" or flat out saying "There is no research showing positive influence" This took me all of 30 seconds to find on google.
$C: I work for a school district and I think the problem is that we can't segregate data very easily, nor generate it. Let's say we want to know if getting rid of homework in elementary matters. What should we track? Success of students? Okay, so how do we know they're successful? Standardized test scores? Reading proficiency? 

Once we determine that, what if we want to know if getting rid of homework in elementary has an effect on their high school years. If we want real data, we've got to wait until those k or first grade students reach high school---that's what, nine years later? So it might take nine years to get the data you're looking for. Or more, if you're tracking graduation rates. And just one year = one point of data, so that's not enough to track a trend. So maybe we track for five years, and then we see a dip in high school graduation--do we then, after 15 years or so, start doing elementary homework again?

Meanwhile, a lot of other things are changing, and each child also has their own data--socioeconomic factors are HUGE for student success. Every presidential administration tosses out the old--No Child Left Behind, now Every Student Succeeds--standardized tests are changed, added, or tossed out....

And beyond that, every school district has their own ebb and flow. Maybe a new housing development goes in, and suddenly you've got a lot more free-and-reduced-lunch (i.e. poor families) moving in. That inflates the number of poor kids in a school, and usually that means lower grades, lower scores, lower graduation rates. Schools with higher minority rates perform worse, so additionally, on top of everything else, schools are also trying to shrink that achievement gap with various efforts. And I don't mean to belittle the data that our AMAZING workers do track because they're brilliant statisticians and they do their damnedest to find meaningful data in the absolute cacophony that is the educational system, but they simply can't isolate for much of what's going on. 

**TL;DR If anyone knew what REALLY worked for all (most) students, we'd all be doing it.**
$C: It works, but not nearly as effectively as other methods of instruction and learning the material. New Zealand researcher John Hattie concluded that homework has an effect size of 0.29 (which means that students improve By approximately 3/4 of a year of progress over the course of a full school year.) comparatively, effectively learning and implementing the skill of summarization has an effect size of 0.8, which means that (when used properly) students who can summarize content progress by two years’ worth during one year of instruction.
$C: Probably varies from person to person, but if my test scores were anything to go by, homework did absolutely nothing for me.
$C: There's a big correlation between no homework and no spending hours doing marking tho
$C: There's a fair body of research on the matter and the quantity and type of task matters, along with grade level etc.

The other important part is that it's rarely a case of do/don't do something, it's usually a case of do this or do this other thing. So even if a does provide a benefit, it could be that doing b provides an even greater benefit. So to maximise the effectiveness and efficiency you might choose not to do a so that you can do b (and c or maybe d) instead.

Another example in education is class size. If you reduce classes, then you need more teachers, so you need to spend more money. But you might decide to spend that money on something else (better teachers, training in more effective teaching methods, better assessment tools to better target teaching etc etc) and get more bang for buck.
$C: I'm just worried the kids won't learn good study/working at home techniques if they don't get any homework until they suddenly get a full blast. How will they develop good habits for working on difficult math problems or writing foreign language essays at home if they never had to before? Giving a kid 2-3 hours of homework is of course riddiculous, but they should have maybe 5 minutes of something so they have a chance at learning how to concentrate in a non-school environment.
$C: Research in pedagogy is horribly bad, relatively speaking, mostly because of trouble setting up good control groups. You can never really hold all other factors constant, and so you have a bunch of studies saying different things. 

That said, the trend of the research points to homework having advantages for strong students (educated parents, affluent households, high intelligence etc), and disadvantages for weak students. The advantage seems pretty small though, and there has been relatively little research looking at the advantages of free time. 

Part of the problem - to me, at least - is that all these studies are looking at "learning outcomes", often measured by test scores. But as a teacher, I care about a lot of other things than that. I want happy students, interested students, socially competent students, and so on. 

In the debate about homework, people tend to grant from the outset that the only relevant factor is "learning outcomes". Personally, I think the debate should be about rights. We would find it intolerable to be told by our employer to spend 1-2 hours every night on work, and I have trouble seeing why we should subject children to something we wouldn't accept ourselves. Even if it should turn out that *every single student* would benefit from homework, I'd still say it's wrong to infringe on their free time, in the same way that corporeal punishment would be wrong even if children learned more from it. 
$C: Yes. Doing homework helps you pass from 5th to 6th grade, etc... eventually getting out of the school system someday!! That's about it!! 
$C: Ha depending on the class I did it the first five minutes IN class the day it was due. 

Some teachers demanded it immediately tho -_-
$C: I always rushed through mine at the end of class before the bell rung or did it before the next class began. 
$C: That's exactly what I did. I do wish I paid a bit more attention though. I may have passed but the grades weren't spectacular. 
$C: Some teachers get off on sending their students with 2-3 hours of homework after school, even on the elementary level 
$C: I remember getting a 0 for reviewing and correcting a few things from my homework in class after putting full effort into it the previous day. She thought she "caught" me doing my homework last minute. Never again have I put effort in doing homework and just handed over most of them half-arsed. No more 0s, just above average. It worked out just fine!
$C: Well if your homework takes 5min then sure... I’m in 10th grade, taking AP Calculus BC, just for that class alone we have 25 long multi-part problems per night, all free response, can take 2.5hrs for that alone...
$C: I’ve gotten away w erasing the question numbers from the previous day’s geometry homework assignment, and then writing in the current day’s, and turning that in. 
$C: When I was in elementary school we got around 4-5 hours homework a night.
$C: That's leaving it but late I usually did it during the class before because I'm a good boy
$C: My Filipino mom asked for EXTRA homework from my second grade teacher because I'd finish it during class and thought I was lying when I got home.
$C: Not Asian , but I just want to point out it won’t work in any immigrant household. 

Ukrainian immigrant here , my dad asked my teacher for extra reading homework to haha. During March break I had to read a whole book (mind you a small fiction novel with size 30 font) while my friends were fucking around outside. 

Sure it sucked at the time , in hindsight thank god my dad did. The drive it teaches you , the discipline , it spills over into so many other aspects of life.  
$C: They’ll just get extra homework at home or get pulled out of the school for a school that has a more traditional approach to learning.
$C: No kidding. Kumon math, piano, Chinese/ethnic school, etc. Idle time is wasted time for Asian parents.
$C: ["Where is the closest CLC?!?"](https://youtu.be/q3fi2XKXgEk)

Fresh of the boat. 
$C: They are not all the same
$C: As an Asian parent who grew up in American culture, i try to find a balance between fun and work.  Our schedule this summer was an hour of work daily for my second grader.  We went on vacation, picked activities she liked to do, and just chilled with TV and video games but she had to get some work done.  Half her summer was spent with a broken foot so honestly she couldn’t do much else anyway but i think I was fair.  I hope anyway!
$C: Discipline and hardwork is very crucial for social success for those who aren’t born into rich but still have a fighting chance to move up the ladder. Homework is just a preview of what is to come later in life. After all, it’s only a fortunate few who doesn’t have to do things they don’t 100% love to stay alive.




$C: Yep, every night that I didn’t have homework, my parents had piles of math, science and language arts workbooks for me to work through. 
$C: Slightly off topic but [this](https://youtu.be/hz6dGEUek_U) might be worth watching. 

On Children, Chinese Series depicting crazy Asian tiger moms.
$C: Homework in my country (Vietnam) are generally just problems in teaching materials, you could just buy answer books and copy them down. It took a bit of time but it worked out really well, teachers rarely complained about my homework except some random boring subjects. My dad is actually against homework as well, but that's something the school enforced so he wasn't against me copying answer books. As for history homework or some shit, they were boring so I just ignored all of them. We didn't have grades for homeworks btw, so for less important/boring subjects, my dad had to listen to teachers' complaints every once in a while. 
$C: Racist
$C: Those kids grew up
$C: And tired parents working all day
$C: Yes by all means let’s let the children decide what’s best for themselves.  It worked out so well in Lord of The Flies.  
$C: [deleted]
$C: Teaches responsibility, I think. 
$C: I think its only necessary for math where practice is necessary sometimes, especially in subjects like Calculus.
$C: Yes it really is to prepare them for college. Not really important in the primary grades but definitely important in high school. 
$C: The homework I assign for my fourth graders shouldn’t take more than 25 minutes. That includes 20 minutes of reading. When kids are struggling to get it done, we talk about finding ways to prioritize and balance what they want and have to do. It helps them manage their time and put in a little extra work for some added bonus. I think those skills are just as important as knowing math. 

If your going to assign homework, you better be ready to teach kids how to handle homework in their best way possible. 
$C: I agree. I don't think homework is useful in their content learning performance especially in primary school, but teaches good study habits. 
$C: Same here. I used to always do homework. Never missed a single page. Then one year I just stopped doing it completely. Was so tired of it and burned out on it I didn’t care. After repetitively missing out on it my mom was called to the school in a parents/teacher conference. They told her I wasn’t doing my homework. But she already knew. All she did was sit there, scoff, and tell them to not give kids pointless pieces of homework and it wouldn’t be a problem.
$C: Shit man, I am I the same fucking boat right, have almost gave up on it. Aced all the shit in school but didnt do homework and my grades are sad.
$C: Now imagine for top students having an entire life devoted to building a resume. 

For 4 years of high school, you go to school for about 8 hours including transportation. You do sports or clubs after school for 2-3 hours. Then you do your homework and study for another 2-4 hours. Throw in standardized tests and college applications later on. 

For some, there is no time for doing anything unrelated to their applications, straight down to the extracurriculars that are supposed to be fun. 

It's funny to think that college and a career actually seem to be a relief compared to the time and effort spent in high school. 

Now, I'm not for completely overthrowing the education system per se but changes would probably be beneficial for most. Yet, it starts from the top. As long as universities consider all of these things, students will have to do more and more to compete. Non-US universities don't require nearly as much insight into life outside of school as US universities do. I think that's the problem - considering a student's entire life outside of school crushes whatever enjoyment there might have been. 
$C: I enjoyed a lot of my school activities in grade school, but I also remember reaching a point in High School where all I wanted to do was sleep (and got a bit depressed) because I had such a packed day every day. I didn't even really understand the concept of burnout until it hit me. 
 
Being busy and involved is great, but every kid needs time to be a kid.
$C: Try working tech support or as a programmer. On call 24/7 at a lot of places. It's why I'm pretty burned out doing IT work lol. 
$C: They have way more energy than we do and less stress/responsibilities, they're in a way much tougher than us when it comes to school.
$C: Schoolwork is easier than a corporate job and if it's not honors or AP class it's a joke.
$C: Your child goes to school for ~6 hours. Another 2 hours of homework won't kill them.
$C: And here I am on call 24/7. Must be nice being able to leave your work at work.
$C: And also... how the fuck are we not giving children a lifetime of back problems with these huge backpacks? They're carrying like 3-5 different massive books in 1 bag, if they can't make it to their lockers. I remember having back problems real early in high school. American education system needs to tell the book makers to fuck off. Should all be on tablets or computers.
$C: You also have skills and knowledge that you aquired from studying and practice after formal instruction. Granted school should be more efficient to were kids dot need to spend 8 hours of formal instruction. 
$C: what you do at work is (almost certainly) more mentally draining than what elementary age students do in class. 

the trick is not to let them do whatever they want with their families (fortnight marathon is the likeliest outcome of that) but rather to teach children that learning is fun, useful and intrinsically rewarding.
$C: > Give kids the free time to cultivate likes/interests/figure out what they are into. Learning what you like is hugely important and family time just as important

Most kids will spend an insane amount of time watching TV, and the parents aren't equipped to give them a foundation with something like maths. Even at an age of 7 or so. 

I think when cultural attitudes are raised a bit we can stop having such spoon feeding from the school system. How best to go about that I'm not sure though. 
$C: "I'm into Fortnite, leaving my crap all over the place, and harassing the dog."
$C: Fact fluency (addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division facts) must be learned to develop the procedural fluency required for success in high school math. Common core standards require all students to be fluent in these facts by the end of third grade. State standards/ common core standards don’t allow teachers the time to teach these facts to students since there are other standards that must be taught. 5 minutes of fact fluency practice along with 20 minutes of reading a night is not bullshit, it’s helpful. 
$C: We wrote a lot in my AP English classes in high school. This helped us tremendously when it came time for exams. 
$C: Our kids are in 2nd and 5th grade and have weekly home work assignments.  We get a planner every day with reminders, and they have assignments brought home on Monday's that are due on Friday's. Most of it is reading or simple math work sheets.  My 2nd grader has spelling words and my 5th grader has definitions to learn, not more than 30 minutes to an hour a night if that. This I think is a good balance... we still have more than enough time for dinner and family time.  We are also in an IB school, and I couldn't imagine having no homework.  Often my wife and I find supplemental worksheets online to augment what the teachers are teaching anyway, so even if the teachers did no homework we'd still have stuff for them to do.
 
$C: Exactly. I don't understand how this wouldn't just widen the achievement gap between kids with involved parents and kids whose parents don't care or don't have time to be more involved because they are working multiple jobs to be able to support their kids. 
$C: So if a parent told the teacher to give the kid no homework, most would comply then, right? 
$C: [deleted]
$C: Personally I don’t think homework in general is bad, it’s the amount kids are getting these days, you shouldn’t have to leave school only to go home and spend the next 3-4 hours doing more school work.
$C: You’re right, homework is important. And elementary kids in particular should get about 30 minutes of homework a night at the most. And under this policy, that’s about what they’ll get.

This policy doesn’t say “No homework!” It simply says students will get some homework if the coursework is larger on certain days. As long as they’re not doing hours and hours every day, I think it’s more than a fair policy. Nothing in your post disagrees with it.
$C: 1000% agreed
$C: Yeah.....but in elementary school? C’mon man.
$C: I'm wondering how you really learn Math especially without homework.

The teacher should be explaining the concept in class, that should take maybe half of the class - then you can spend some time trying it, maybe asking for help - then going home and reinforcing that learning.

How do you do that all in class?
$C: We are studying students' engagement with the various parts of an introductory physics class at a major D1 state university. Homework correlates with exam performance and overall grade more than any other part of the course. All of the studys I've seen claiming homework doesn't help are for very young learners. It certainly matters by college.
$C: Based on the font, probably ~4-8.
$C: As someone with a math/science/stat background, I would expect more data than anecdote in your criticism.
$C: Have OP mail back a letter saying “source?”
$C: When I started doing all of my math homework and actually asking the teacher to explain the problems I didn't understand is when I started doing well in math. 

When preparing for the test I would make sure I understood every single homework problem and practice the ones that weren't assigned. If I had an issue I would ask the teacher or my study group. 

I wasn't the best calculus student but I got pretty solid B's. There's no way I could have done that if I didn't do the homework. 
$C: Frim my understanding those types of students and cultures also have a higher suicide rate... Just saying.
$C: [Here's an article](http://time.com/4466390/homework-debate-research/) on the topic. Some studies show a weak correlation of homework with academic success in high school only. [Others](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2012-10-24/study-finds-homework-has-limited-value/4330514) show it can be damaging.
$C: I agree completely. I'm an accounting student and the only way you're getting an A is if you do the examples over and over again with every situation imaginable. The only guy to get over 100% in my intermediate 2 class had 4 notebooks completed front to back with practice problems from the semester. 
$C: It's pretty nuanced. This dude Hattie did a review of reviews for a bunch of educational interventions. He uses this term "effect size" for how powerful an intervention is where he draws a line at 0.2 for low, 0.4 for medium and 0.6 for high. Homework across all ages is 0.29 - so low to medium - however, for primary (elementary) school it's 0.15 and for secondary (high) school it's 0.64. So it's probably a good idea for secondary school. Also, the effect is mostly positive but can be negative (and 2 to 1 positive to negative).

And there's more to it than that. You also need to consider the type of homework, how it relates to what is taught in the classroom, and the quantity. Basically, you can have bad homework and too much homework. And bad homework or too much can have a *negative* effect. Well constructed homework (even for young students) can have a positive effect. The question of teacher competence to set appropriate, positive homework remains open.

Incidentally, your example of "practice and repetition" and mathematics could be an example of "good" homework - it is closed, rote based learning, which is easily assessable. It doesn't require much support to complete. It also relates well to classroom activity - "today we are learning long division. Good, you've got a handle on the mechanics, do these 12 problems tonight". This seems to be better for students (and is probably something most parents realise instinctively).

The big point behind "effect sizes" is to enable educators to invest in what gives the biggest return. Setting homework and marking it takes time, time that could be better spent on other tasks. It's also true for students that doing homework takes time. So the choice isn't really homework or no homework, it's homework or something else.
$C: No one is saying that practice isn't important. Mandatory homework isn't the only potential source of practice, either. 
$C: Homework only ever helped me in college. Doing extra calculus problems was necessary for me to finally connect the dots in my brain. But that was all my own choice. 

I wasn't forced to do those problems and I was old enough that it was my responsibility to take it upon myself. Drowning a child in homework that they may not need is how you get kids that resent the school system.

Making it as supplementary credit or even extra credit is the way to go. As a way to pick up a grade that's lagging, not as a major part of the grade itself.

I hated classes where homework was 40% or more of the grade unless the homework items were big projects that actually take a lot of time. It was stupid, and a waste of my time.
$C: [deleted]
$C: He doesn’t say anything about studying which I think is disingenuous. Homework may not correlate to better performance in that grade, but developing good study habits are important to you being successful long after elementary school. 

For younger kids, math homework is practice which is studying and it teaches them that education is an endeavor that doesn’t end when the class ends. 
$C: I think one factor is that, certainly in grade school, and probably for many (though maybe not all) high school level courses, the amount of time spent IN school is sufficient for practice and repetition to be integrated into the school day efficiently enough to eliminate the need for homework, or perhaps at higher levels for very much homework. This is not true at the college level where more advanced concepts are being taught, and where a huge assumption of most courses is that you are doing a chunk of the learning independently through reading, preparation, etc. I don't think the idea is to eliminate practice and repetition, it's to say that 8 hours is a sufficient amount of time in a single day to allow for both instruction and repetition, especially for young learners. 
$C: It’s adept , not adapt 
$C: The research being referenced here is specifically about grade school.
$C: My friend's daughter's elementary school in Fishers, Indiana is homework free because homework has not been shown to enrich academic performance until middle school and thereafter.
$C: I found it amusing that she chucked out set of evidence, but another set of evidence probably quite confounded by other factors was totally fine. 
$C: I’d say homework in high school, maybe start to ease it in by age 10 or so. 

I’m guessing this is elementary school. 
$C: It does not say research shows no influence, it says that no research has proven it to cause improvement. 

Practice can be done in the school time and the school day long enough to get the correct amount.
$C: Homework is different than study.
$C: Can’t they practice for the 7-8 hours they’re in school?
$C: adept*
$C: I’m surprised that this is so far down. I really question this assertion. Being asked to study something at home and be prepared in class with questions is critical to learning, I would think. You can’t expect that a student will both be able to see the material for the first time, practice it under supervision, and master it all at the same time. Independent practice allows them to figure out where they are confused and come in with questions that can clarify and help them learn better.

Also, elementary school is where you learn spelling, writing and mental math - none of which can be mastered without practice, and you can’t expect them to be able to practice sufficiently in the classroom only, with no extra time.
$C: Being good at something by repetition is not the same as thoroughly understanding something.  
$C: How do you practice history or english or science though? Sure you can do worksheets or whatever but once you know a fact you know it, writing it down on your own time isnt going to make you know it any better. A better system would be using individual test results to assign homework to students that dont retain the info, but thats none of my buisness.
$C: Practice is important, but homework may not be the most efficient way to practice. I you start running you quickly notice that there is a threshold after which running more is counterproductive. Learning is the same. Focusing on efficient exercises is more efficient that focusing on doing more of the same.

Now, maybe foreign students are very good because they practiced a lot, but there is a biases: you're only focusing on those who were successful enough to go to the US.
$C: I think it is pretty irresponsible for an educator to be making claims about scientific research without actually providing the referenced studies at all.


$C: Call Malcolm Gladwell y'all! 10,000 hours? Aren't got time for that. 
$C: Why can't this practice be done during class?
$C: See, a big problem with this is it doesn't actually teach mathematical understanding. It just ingrains recipe book algorithms in your head. Proper mathematical understanding of these ideas doesn't come through solving a thousand integrals by parts. 
$C: You seem like a person with a science background but a sales foreground 
$C: Homeworks?? Really? I want to teach Kids good citizenship. Not make them Chinabots. 
$C: I think part of the idea is that we spend a lot of time during the school day doing busy work and lecturing instead of practicing because that’s what homework is for. This approach focuses more on involving the practice in the regular schedule and removing so much lecturing and busy work.
$C: Practice isn't homework though. Homework always tends to be find the answer. This is why copying homework is a common thing. Also you are just talking about math, which is a learned skill.
$C: My AP History teacher took this approach, and 10 years later I still think about the discussions we had in his class. Keep it up. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: Sure, but this is clearly not a notice from an engineering school prof.
$C: Right.  But it wasn't graded. You did it to learn the material and had to in order to pass the tests. What is wrong with homework in lower schools is that they grade homework. Homework is PRACTICE unless it is a project to show mastery.  Busy work is BS and kids and parents know it. How many parents do their kids homework so their kids get better grades?  It is stupid.  If you grade homework then parents just do it instead of the kid and then complain because their kid fails the tests and try to tell us teachers they they are just bad test takers or have teeeeest anxiiieeeeety!  Homework is effective if the kid knows that what he learns, he will have to apply or test. 
$C: I teach 6th grade. I assign simple homework that even the lowest students can do on their own just to simply practice. At most, it’s 10% of their grade which is very little and some choose to not do it. 100% of my students who turned in every assignment passed their exam (3+ out of 5). Of the 20-25 who chose not to skip it sometimes, about 10 passed. Of the 5 who never once turned one in last year, all 5 failed miserably. 

This could be a learned helplessness, a desire to fail, a lack of past success, or maybe just maybe a little practice goes a long way in retaining basic info for a damned multi choice test that everyone weighs too heavily...

I also should add that I teach in a title 1 school, we average about a 1-2 out of 5 for all student scores coming from 5th grade. That means that 75% of our school is not proficient with 5th grade material coming into 6th grade.
$C: That’s my philosophy as a teacher. I rarely collect work. I teach 10-12th grade precalculus. I’ve told kids to get used to having their grades dependent on tests and quizzes because that’s college. I feel we as a society do a disservice to our students in preparing them for college by constantly reminding them about tests/quizzes/assignments, and having 628181615 grades in the grade book. The first quiz is usually rough because it’s them learning “shit. I really do have to practice this to get it.” But for every assignment I give I also do all the work with each step shown and post it up on the class website for them to check if they get stuck while studying.
$C: I agree. 

Source: Texas A&M engineer grad makin bank!!
$C: That’s a very small percentage of people that it benefits. People of that mindset can do work on their time if they love it. The rest of the world can benefit from not doing busywork for the sake of it.
$C: I doubt this was sent out to the parents of a bunch of engineering students, baco. 
$C: College is so much different than the 9-hour day indoctrination centers 

Shit, even in university much of the homework was busy work for the pampered suburbanites who needed the grades to add weight to final grades.
$C: College for sure needs homework. I think everyone agrees on that point. This is probably directed toward elementary/middle school. Maaaaaybe high school, but I’d put money on that not being the case.
$C: Homework at the elementary school level is solely used as teaching you study habits. I don't think it should be required in college. I hardly did any homework in engineering school and got fucked over by those 5-10% homework grades. I learned how to learn in elementary and high school. I knew I didn't need homework to learn so it wasn't worth wasting my time to just do repetitive problems when I could do something better with my time. However, many students need that extra work. The best class I had was one where the teacher did not require homework but gave homework problems if you wanted to do them. I didn't lose points for not doing it, and other students still got the extra problems they needed to learn 
$C: Just look at all the favours it has done your grammar and punctuation.
$C: I feel like the American education system is less about education and more about numbers
$C: [deleted]
$C: Homework is literally the reason I refuse to get a master’s degree. I hate it so much, but always do great on in class assignments. 
$C: She was right, rules are important. 
$C: She probably was helping you more than anything lol
$C: Thankfully the kind of people that use these kind of fonts are retiring. Millennials who were born with technology and were always told to use Times New Roman for projects will probably not do this shit... I hope.
$C: I’ve heard this kind of font is helpful for people with dyslexia 
$C: Typical loopy fucking teacher
$C: What if your nephew is just generally not as quick at math and your niece is very quick at math?

Generally I find the ability to quickly do arithmetic and multiplication mentally to be a slowly more useless skill as we advance in technology.  What’s important is knowing how to apply principles and theorems and actually deriving useful information from math.
$C: Exactly. Getting a good grade in elementary school doesn’t mean it’s not important. It’s preparing them to be successful in education long term. 
$C: At ages 4, 5, & 6, my daughter absolutely needed the homework. As she gets older she'll likely intuit more and homework won't be as necessary, in my opinion
$C: One child that you know is struggling a bit more with math than another child, so you think all kids should have to do more schoolwork after school? Maybe you should have done more homework. 
$C: The question is does that shit matter?
$C: I know right, I say the same thing to my vet every time. Are YOU taking care of my dog daily? No. So you might be an animal expert all you want, you don't know jack about MY beloved fefe. 
$C: Sad thing is I'm sure she got a response of that nature.
$C: Wow what kind of student doesn't get homework turned in on time and complete.

Man Americans are lazy as fuck.
$C: No napkins in the lap, but we eat at the table together ever evening.  Younger ones help set up and the older one cleans up(she’s 9).

We eat at the table mon-thu, eat out fri sat and at the gym cafe on Sunday. 


$C: I eat at the table at tea time. Unless parents aren't home, then it's subway by the Playstation!
$C: I certainly did, well, eat at the table with the family every day. Not so much the etiquette bits.

Hell, still do when I visit my family, and try to do It with my roommate when we're both around.
$C: [No](https://i.imgur.com/Vcwwlja.gifv)
$C: Yeah, because the black and hispanic kids don't even have a chance to begin with.
$C: Apparently people think homework is supposed to be a punishment? Homework just allows you to further grasp a topic through repetition as well as teaches self-discipline.
$C: I assume this is for elementary school. I never had home work until high school, except for some geography, this was in The Netherlands btw.
$C: With the US having some of the highest spending per student in education and still having poor results, its baffling they would consider that less practice after school is a good idea....

Homework is a discilpine, helps build critical thinking, and reinforces what you learn during the school day. It also provides a way for parents to gauge the current level at which their child understands the material. I would never allow my child to attend a school with this kind of policy. It sounds like they are trying to dumb down the next generation of children, honestly. 

Doing homework together is a way for parents to bond with their kids. I can't believe the overwhelming support for people who think homework doesn't matter... perhaps the reason you breezed through homework was because your school never actually presented you with challenging material. But homework when it comes to math, science, logic, hell even having good penmanship is pretty important.

Blows my mind.
$C: These are elementary students, dude. We’re talking 6-10 year old kids. And under this policy they’ll have maybe 20-30 minutes of homework a night at the most which is completely fair.

I can’t believe this is getting upvotes. Handing out hours and hours of busywork to elementary students is not okay. Once we’re talking high school and need to prepare for college then you might have a point.
$C: [deleted]
$C: in the future we will need phycologists once the other food sources run out 

RIP TerraVia
$C: I ended up in a math PhD program and didn’t take anything past pre-calc in high school. I did just fine compared to the students who had 40 credits coming into undergrad and therefore got to the PhD 3 years before me 🤷🏼‍♂️
$C: Universities have been complaining for years about having to offer pre-Algebra and courses like that.

But muh research...  Yeah, what research? How big are the samples and how long were the studies?
$C: This seems to be for little kids...... Not sure why you took it so serious. 

$C: Yeah, totally. It's definitely **not** possible to do any sort of research for your own professional development. Everything you will ever learn comes directly from homework...
$C: ["Where is the closest CLC?!?"](https://youtu.be/q3fi2XKXgEk)

Fresh of the boat. 
$C: Right??? I'm only half Korean and I'm really glad that I wasn't raised there.
$C: It's ok to be Asian.  
$C: I'm hoping this is for 1st or 2nd grade students. I agree 100% that if your 6th grader is never assigned homework they will not hold a candle to a 6th grader who is regularly assigned a reasonable amount of homework. perhaps they may do just as well on their benchmarks without homework but the truth will come out when they progress to middle and high schools. 
$C: >Right, they'll just make the test easier.

Pretty sure this is already happening in Western education.
$C: I went to a private secondary school initially but between a 2+ hour commute and easily 2+ hours of homework daily I burned the fuck out.

Switched to a public school (that was significantly lighter on homework) a year and a half in and graduated at the end with As and A*s in most of my subjects.

Homework is not automatically the ticket to success. It can help, but there has to be a good balance or it falls to shit.
$C: Homework is basically graded study time and without it I doubt kids will develop good study skills. 
$C: It's almost like homework helps you learn. Which research surely shows for older students. 
$C: Why would anyone think that not practicing is how you succeed. Especially elementary school kids practicing reading and writing. Homework is usually how my parents found out if I was struggling as well, but parental involvement also seems like an unpopular notion as well these days.
$C: > Ehhh, research **does not show** that repetition **does not enhance** performance.

(Emphasis mine)

What?
$C: just like doing a reasonable amount of graded homework to determine if you are practicing correctly on the topics you learned in class is also a no brainer.
$C: > kids will find this as an excuse to do absolutely nothing during the day

Teacher here. Some of them do. That's fine as long as they are being respectful during work time, if they want to finish at home that's a choice they benefit from making.

We're not just trying to raise obedient people, we're trying to develop thinkers who can make reasonable choices. For them to develop that skill they need to be able to make choices in the first place.
$C: And the policy will change if so. If it works, it's an immense quality of life difference for everyone. If it doesnt... oh well, we're a week or two behind. 
$C: The smart ones will do the work while they are stuck in school anyway so that they have complete freedom at home. The dumb ones will dick off in class all day and then have to do homework that night. They probably still wont do it but those kids were never going to do anything anyway.
$C: Dude, I'M using this as an excuse to do nothing at work.
$C: Right? When I was younger, the amount of homework I got sent home with was ridiculous. Especially math homework, the amount of tears I cried was endless. I'm glad they're doing this now.
$C: The teacher says research suggests at that early stage of schooling, there is no  benefit to homework and that everything can be covered at school. I know there are some countries that do follow this method and have really great education levels. So I'm leaning towards agreeing with this. However, i do think at the right levels of school some work would have to be revised at home. But by then the kids would already be used to setting their own homework. 
$C: Top 10 anime plot twists 

/s
$C: And largely the age level, once you’re 15 onwards in my experience it was less homework and more taking responsibility of what you needed to do 
$C: The real reason, with less stressed students and parents as the happy accident.
$C: > Homework teaches responsibility of doing a task at a certain age regardless of what it entails.

Source?
$C: Hahahahahahah homework and doing it hahahahaha as a high school student its fucking retarded I dont think i have done homework in like 3 years unless it was for extra credit and I still get 80/90 it's legit so fucking stupid how easy high school is now
$C: fortnight marathon, fam
$C: Yup, seems like the easy way out for teachers. There has to be a happy medium. Don’t overload kids with homework, but also don’t cop out and say “have dinner as a family instead.” A reasonable amount of homework does serve a purpose including discipline and time management. 
$C: This.
$C: on a piece of paper? K.
$C: Maybe this is true for elementry school children. But for older kids (high school and college age), I disagree.

Homework (so long as it isn't excessive) helps reinforce material and improves retention. Almost nobody learns content the first time around and there simply isn't enough class time for content repetition.
$C: As a former teacher I can't disagree more.... maybe with small class sizes and easier material. 

I can't imagine going thru every single detail of AP US History from 50 minute classes nor any mathematics classes.

In class you teach how to do something - homework is to put it into practice
$C: until you hit college and realize you should be spending 2 hours studying/doing exercised per every 1 classroom hour if you really want to learn the material and excel.

​

Edit: The 2:1 ratio was an (admittedly zealous) engineer professor I had recommended.  I slack off pretty hard on both my degrees (ME and MBA) so didn't do this at all, and although I graduated fine, I recommend working harder that I did.  I would have appreciated myself for the discipline I would have gained back then.
$C: Actually the research shows that embedding learning outside the classroom as well as inside is beneficial. It's so prevalent because it's also one of the most cost-effective ways of improving educational performance.

Over-prescribing of homework however is a very common problem and I definitely agree that setting homework just for the sake of it is a waste of time.

I think a good middle ground would be homework that is deliberately designed to be as time-efficient as possible, while still making sure that students take what they learned home with them.
$C: Not being familiar with essay writing will leave you defenseless later on in college when it is thesis time.
$C: It's really not. As soon as you get into complex subjects, practice (homework) is essential. 
$C: I aint do no homeworx wen i wuz n skool! i turnt awt purty goode.
$C: [deleted]
$C: and they surely dont. 
$C: Maybe true. On the other hand, why assign more work to both teachers and students if there is no benefit to either party? Regardless of their motivation for saying it, do you not believe the teacher's claim about the research?
$C: Think about it. You go to work for 8-10 hours and teach kids, then you gotta go home and grade homework all night. They really dont get paid enough for that
$C: *kids' or kid's

^irony
$C: They make like $40/hr on average when you factor in all their time off.

$C: Yeah I wonder how my employer would like it if I said “I’m just not going to do (whatever part) of my job anymore “
$C: how tf are kids going to learn multiplication if they don't practice?
$C: hey how did you get into data science?

I have a decently strong statistics/math background and I am learning python currently. I understand that SQL and R  are both also pretty useful and I have designs to learn a bit of that next. what else would you recommend?
$C: just slap a screen with YouTube on it in front of them for a few hours they'll be fine. 
$C: Tutoring is not the same as getting help from parents or doing yourself like a lot of kids do though 
$C: We consume and die.

They grow stronger and thrive.


$C: Not the schools job to develop those after hour habits.  That's on us, the parents.
$C: for real? did you go to a public school? 
$C: But reports and projects already do that. Homework is just a pain in the ass.
$C: I would personally excuse my kids from homework if they want to do it go for it if they don't then don't. As long as their grades are good and they can find a way to make up for the homework while at school that is fine. I'll even go to their school and tell their teachers that he/she won't be doing homework.
$C: I like the inequality point. Parents who care about education-who are normally more wealthy than those who don't-would take this to give their kids more classes or teams or something. While those who don't, won't.

Personally, I needed homework. I needed the extra work and the extra help. I'm not sure I would have done as well in school without it.
$C: Not at my school, I'm 18. I think it just depends on where you live.
$C: I am 28 too. When I was in school, we would always get separate "home" work to do. It was in India though. 
$C: Exactly, I feel like going home to work on some problems on my own really helped me to see if I actually understood the material we discussed in class or not. Then I could come back to school with questions about what I wasn't sure of.  Although I wonder if having the homework at younger grades helps with getting kids ready and comfortable with working on their own so that they can when they are older and need to. I guess the reservation found by the teacher does not support this idea


$C: Yup, this is very important to consider. 

For an example, me, when I was in middle and highschool, I had no idea how to sit still and focus for a few hours a night with homework, it did more harm than good for me then.

But now, being in college, I'll come home and I think of my homework as a 'practice' so that I'm sharp for the next class. 

I love how you put this and I'm glad someone said it.

Is homework good or bad? Final answer, depends on the person and situation. 
$C: That's so ridiculous! Kids need time to just be freaking kids 
$C: Unpopular opinion, apparently, but I think homework gives students a planned time to use their minds for productive thinking. How much time is gonna be on fortnite rather than with the family?
$C: I agree. School isn’t just about completing assignments (new or old), it’s about developing these skills to use independently. Just like sports—if you were just focused on the sport on game day and didn’t try to improve on your own, you probably won’t succeed in the future.
$C: It might have helped you. It might not help others. But research has not found a general trend that it is beneficial. 
$C: If your boss expects you to get a certification in two weeks for something you've never done before, you wouldn't spend time outside of work learning and reviewing for the exam?
$C: Work =/= school 
$C: School is about 6 to 6.5 hours. At least where I live 
$C: What about urban schools where students already have skill deficits?
$C: [deleted]
$C: High schools are pulling back too and college doesn't care about homework. It is all about knowing the material to pass a test or write a paper or do a project. 
$C: Teacher here. Your teachers sucked. Your situation is one of the prime example of why weighting homework completion in a grade is considered bad practice. Your grade is supposed to be a measure of your learning, not your obedience.
$C: *Jim looks at camera
$C: In the real world I work my 8 hours and then go home to enjoy whatever the fuck I want to. My boss doesn't send me home with a couple hours of work every night on top of my regular shift.

Seems like you're the only one out of touch woth "how the real world works" here.
$C: You think I had homework in college? Lmfao what the fuck planet are you from. 
$C: I'm sorry, but I think that's extremely wrongheaded. The key to math is practice. Many people who can't do a problem can after seeing it 40 times. I know I have failed math tests that I would have done well if I practiced more. Anyone can make it up to Calc 3 just by practice.
$C: I teach high school math as well and complely disagree as well. I give about 5-6 problems if they are in depth problems or 10-15 if they are quick. To say 'Because if you can do five you can do 50' is complely false. In math there are so many different approaches and ways to solve a problem. That's like saying 'if i can solve 5 multi-step equations, I can solve every equation'.  This is not to mention additional homework problems that reinforces previous learning. 
$C: No offense to your wife but that reasoning is just wrong. Does she at least encourage doing more than the 5 problems on their own?
$C: Plus, 5 problems is easy. 50 is daunting and would make me nope the fuck out every time I thought of it.

- someone that never did homework and has trouble doing anything that's not purely 'what I want to do' at home
$C: If they can do one they can do five.  This bitch just doesn’t want to grade papers
$C: Your wife is robbing her students of success. How can they possibly compete on standardized tests or for high-tier universities if they're behind in Math?
$C: [removed]
$C: Actually, according to twin studies it's as simple as caring for your child's future. Being involved in your child's education is the biggest factor. Full families mean shit if the family is stupid. 
$C: They got rid of recess? WTF 
$C: It's called creating a permanent underclass. Same shit that happened to black people is now happening to everyone else. That's why they call us the canary in the coal mine. 
$C: You didn't do hinehwiek, but what about homework?
$C: Hey so I **DIDN’T** this treatment pretty much through my entire academic career but I'm in Uni now and can't motivate myself to do work outside of class time. Help
$C: No place at all, in any grade, any subject? Kinda scary coming from a new teacher
$C: Do the students actually learn at a better rate? How (if at all) are they encouraged to study the material? How do they do on exams? 
$C: You should talk to your counselor about being held back a few years, I think you have the mental abilities of someone 5-10 years younger than you if you think high school is too difficult.
$C: Yeah, this teacher hasn't actually read the research though.

Jk, this teacher is most likely fictional.
$C: And your research is?
$C: If an increase in course load and thereby the amount of effort/time required outside of class is all it takes for someone to get destroyed by college, then they were fucked before orientation and taking home busywork in high school wouldn’t have saved them. 
$C: This is probably for a 1-3rd grade class.
$C: When the kids are fucking morons it doesn’t really matter.  If they don’t get it during the school day then they won’t figure it out at home.

If the kid is smart enough to pick it up during the school day then extra study at home isn’t going to help much.

School is pretty low level stuff...
$C: Research has shown that only two types of kids do their homework.

1.  Those who study on their own anyway and so don't actually need homework set for them
2.  Those whose parents did it for them
$C: Maybe get some fun workbooks to do at home if you feel like doing extra practice in certain areas? It wouldn’t carry the stress and stigma of traditional homework but still add academics into the home setting.
$C: Most school abroad have implemented minimalist homework policies. If you don’t finish your class work, then it becomes homework. The lack of pressure and stress on the students has actually helped them with a bunch of previous problems. Not looking at school as a burden and more of a place to learn has pretty much improved GPAs across the board. Every nation is different, but for the most part, it’s working. 
$C: Mrs Brandy? That’s a solid teacher name ha
$C: I have the same policy in my math class. Have for 3 years now. My students perform better than the students of the teachers who give homework on any standardized test or otherwise because they have supervised practice, to catch and correct misconceptions on the spot. Look where we rank worldwide in education, then tell me the old way is working.
$C: with support. Parents are unequipped to help most kids with their hw. As a math major/now teacher, through various studies I have found that for every time a student makes a mistake in comprehending a concept it takes ten correct answers to undo the damage done to their understanding. 
$C: In math, for every one mistaken concept put in practice, it takes 10 problems to undo the damage of that mistake. But don't listen to me, I just went to school for math and got a credential and all that for fun.
$C: It didn't make me any smarter just wasted my time.
$C: I wondered where all these people came from with no ability to understand science and critical thinking. At least they are good with video games.
I was an average student who had to work very hard to keep up. I am dyslexic and don’t read easily. I have an MA, PhD and JD and I absolutely guarantee you I would be bussing tables today had I not had homework.
What we need is creative homework. Ask your students what they have a passion for. Then let them pursue that passion. For example, do they like video games? Write a report on video games. Do they like art? Draw a storyboard for a video game they design. Does a student want to be a builder? Have him/her research how a 3D printer can be used to build a building. Give them plenty of time but make them show progress. But let them pick a topic they want to learn about. This is how you learn!
$C: Unfortunately, many parents see the request to provide family time as their homework and they don’t have the self discipline and parenting skills to provide that time. 
$C: Pig

$C: Maybe making it an optional extra then? Rather then teaching kids to hate work and seeing it as a time consuming chore with no reward (they dont see it short term) it can be something they choose to do to improve their work if they choose to.
$C: Kind of balances out tho, once kids are in high school and work gets harder kids dont have the time to do extra work for the sake of it, instead that time would be better spent if the schoolwork they do at home is just the work they couldnt finish throughout the school day.
$C: [http://www.math.tamu.edu/\~snite/MisMath.pdf](http://www.math.tamu.edu/~snite/MisMath.pdf)

[https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/answer-sheet/wp/2012/11/19/study-homework-linked-to-better-standardized-test-scores/?utm\_term=.e3b90c21e9b9](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/answer-sheet/wp/2012/11/19/study-homework-linked-to-better-standardized-test-scores/?utm_term=.e3b90c21e9b9)

[https://www.smithsonianmag.com/smart-news/spending-too-much-time-homework-linked-lower-test-scores-180954814/](https://www.smithsonianmag.com/smart-news/spending-too-much-time-homework-linked-lower-test-scores-180954814/)

[http://www.sedl.org/pubs/sedl-letter/v20n02/homework.html](http://www.sedl.org/pubs/sedl-letter/v20n02/homework.html)

[http://time.com/4466390/homework-debate-research/](http://time.com/4466390/homework-debate-research/)

Enough support, or do I need to do your googling for you some more?
$C: research is a
religion.. only repeatable and backed by science.
brains fatigue just like any other organ.
nevermind the dislike for education that hours of grinding on a subject with no assistance creates.
playing outside increases blood flow releases pent up energy and gets kids some much needed exercise. add to that time away from stresses of school and give kids a chance to socialize.

$C: [http://www.math.tamu.edu/\~snite/MisMath.pdf](http://www.math.tamu.edu/~snite/MisMath.pdf)

[https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/answer-sheet/wp/2012/11/19/study-homework-linked-to-better-standardized-test-scores/?utm\_term=.e3b90c21e9b9](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/answer-sheet/wp/2012/11/19/study-homework-linked-to-better-standardized-test-scores/?utm_term=.e3b90c21e9b9)

[https://www.smithsonianmag.com/smart-news/spending-too-much-time-homework-linked-lower-test-scores-180954814/](https://www.smithsonianmag.com/smart-news/spending-too-much-time-homework-linked-lower-test-scores-180954814/)

[http://www.sedl.org/pubs/sedl-letter/v20n02/homework.html](http://www.sedl.org/pubs/sedl-letter/v20n02/homework.html)

[http://time.com/4466390/homework-debate-research/](http://time.com/4466390/homework-debate-research/)

Wrong.
$C: At a engineer this is not good practice truly homework should not be look at negative thing it should be looked at as a way to practice the topic to become proficient. In college I spent most of my time doing more hw more so than others and tutored. I would definitely have your daughter do hw. 
$C: Judging by the font of this notice, this is probably early education like 1st or 2nd grade. Not exactly studying grades.
$C: More like 4 hours a week of actual work
$C: That wasn't Canada wide I assure you.
$C: Uphill both ways.
$C: Wouldn't those same students still suffer if homework was given as it traditionally has been? I'm not sure I see your point here. If the alternative to this is to give homework in addition to the school work...wouldn't the same thing you mention take place?
$C: That's what my school does too
$C: What? Most of my college classes were 4 or 5 tests and quizzes. The only classes that took homework were like chem to fluff the abysmal test scores.
$C: >If they can't do it, it's defeating.

>If they can do it, it's a waste of time.

They can learn and practice by themselves... Not saying homework is necessarily good, just that that's a bad argument.
$C: >  Instead of doing bookwork, give more long-range projects. You can require more out of class reading and creative book reports, or occasionally even fun cultural literacy assignments.

This is how it worked at my school, although I don't know how many long range projects homework-schools did. Although they do result in 90% of people leaving it to the last day.

>He found out that a LOT of the kids had no idea who The Beatles were, had never heard of Coyote and the Road Runner, 

How young are these kids? I'd guess in the age range where they've never watched much TV, only youtube, because even the crappiest TV shows usually have pop culture references kids absorb through hours of watching.
$C: Tx
$C: Mine too.
$C: It’s all just rote learning. Even if you can score well in tests, doesn’t mean you will actually understand or remember the concepts years later. There are multiple other factors involved, such as motivation.
$C: Source?
$C: http://www.cracked.com/blog/why-fortnite-has-strangely-positive-influence-kids/
$C: I would guess this is an elementary class.
$C: Nope, sometimes teachers assign things such as reading certain chapters of a book outside of school for example. That's just one of thousands of things they could have you do outside of class for homework.
$C: In my state teachers teach to the state test that kids must pass in order to progress to the next grade. I think that's bullshit and doesn't teach real world application of concepts. However, with math, I feel like sometimes repetition is key to learning the process that's involved with solving a certain type of problem. Some learn better through visual aids, some via verbal, some through repetition, etc... multiple learning styles. Kinda hard as a teacher to cover them all. 

I see both sides of the homework thing. Some subjects require more of it than others just due to the repetitive nature of learning a process of how to think (math). Is it a process, or is it conceptual kind of thing. I would think conceptual subjects would have less homework.
$C: Your outlook is the common sense outlook.

And this is an example where common sense often fails us.

We have an example of an entire country cutting homework, and it leading to better educational outlooks.

Finland was a mediocre European nation in terms of its national education results. They decided that this wasn't good enough. So what did they do?

They cut homework.

They cut hours spent in class.

And the results spiked. Finland has one of the best education systems in the world, and yet its students spend considerably less time both in class or doing homework.

It turns out that kids who are not undergoing standardized tests, who aren't drilled constantly with busywork, who spend more of their time basically just being kids actually do better than their counterparts who do all these things.

There are other factors, of course. For instance, Finnish schools are basically all funded to the same level, therefore meaning that there aren't any rich, over-achieving schools or poor, under-achieving schools. Everyone gets the same shot at academic success. However, contrary to popular belief, Finnish teachers aren't paid huge swathes of money more than any of their other European counterparts. They are pretty normal in that regard.

And yet they're getting better results.

It is tempting to say: all we need to do is to get kids to ram more information into their brains, and results will increase. But the data doesn't support that. 

Kids that are not stressed, well-rested, that spend their time hanging out with their friends are far more productive during their shorter amount of time spent at school. And this is also born out in data regarding work. You can actively hurt your productivity if you overwork. The same applies for kids at school.
$C: Imagine us having to do this in the olden days with pen and paper xD
$C: Ah yes, using education as a punishment is a sure way to help children loathe learning.
$C: No this is Patrick
$C: #hahahahahaha



No
$C: Sounds like you learned information but no discipline or responsibility. 

> I would have gotten my driver's license if they didn't put lines on the road. It's amazing how failing to learn how to drive keeps you from getting behind a wheel.
$C: I know that feeling. Finished econ with a 72 but yeah on the state test I only missed a few questions.  Had the 2nd highest score in the class. 
$C: I mean the opposite is true for others. I always did really well in homework but underperformed in tests. So a balance of the two was favourable for me
$C: Yep. Me in middle school. I would have been a straight-A student without homework grades. Luckily by high school I decided to just suffer through the busy work.  
  
School should be like Vegas. What happens at school, stays at school.
$C: Are you mistaking commas for periods? That homework clearly served you well.
$C: Look a little closer and you'll find that half of those are commas, not periods.
$C: Omg I didn’t notice this until I read your comment! That is horrible!
$C: You aren't down with homework?

So you're intentionally hurting your child and teaching him that you don't need any work ethic?
$C: Teacher here. Homework is by far the easiest, quickest thing to grade. If I wanted to cut down on grading, altering the rubric and/or feedback expectations on classwork and longer written assignments would be far, far more impactful. I know a lot of teachers who have very personal and explicit stances on homework (on both ends of the spectrum), and none of those stances is a reflection of their desire to grade. I do know lazy teachers too, and they don't try to rationalize their laziness or type up letters to parents to put forth ulterior motives - they're just lazy. 
$C: Research has not shown that grading homework improves the quality of a teacher. Instead it's important to do things that correlate to being a good teacher like communicating with parents your new policy and going to bed early.
$C: Ikr? It's like, geez, stop being so lazy! They get paid a shit ton, so deal with the work. Who tf cares about actually helping kids? /s
$C: This is an incredibly bad approach to teaching. 
$C: The millenial teacher that came up with this shit is lazy, because they don't want to have to grade homework every night.

That might interfere with their nightly rosé drinking and avocado eating sessions.
$C: Yup.
$C: The thing is it catered to your attitude to learning perfectly but a lot of the time homework just makes the less intelligent students feel useless and the most intelligent learn how to best cut corners without being found out. It should be optional to those who find it beneficial, I feel this approach of doing whatever you don’t finish in class is perfect 
$C: That’s why in the UK we have school uniforms to remove all that interpretation. It also enforced the idea of in school and out of school life though which is why homework seems so futile  
$C: It’s why they are a teacher...
$C: Im sure that your lifestyle isn’t better for you and smarter than mine where I bring my job home each night. I’m not sure a hundred thousand dollars in grad school debt and business start up costs and all the “homework” are worth the big house and expensive cars. 
But since this should be every person’s decision, I think kids need to learn that lucrative grown up jobs often require extra work and they need the self discipline to do the work. This is especially true if you own and want to grow your own business.
$C: While I would agree that "no homework" is an over simplification of the issue, I can't help but think of the times a teacher assigned something during the last 5 minutes on a Friday and was shocked that no one did it on Monday morning. Also cutting homework is no guarantee any of the things that the teacher wants to happen (basically interactions between parent and child) will help. Not to mention we have no idea what what grade this teacher teaches. I can see this working for a 1st or second grade teacher, but not for a highschool teacher.
$C: Hi, public school teacher here. I adopted this policy about five years ago. If you are interested in an answer to your question I’m happy to explain. Just let me know. (Sometimes people pose questions just as a way of expressing their thoughts, while others actually are asking)
$C: You think more homework would have helped those people?
$C: It's always the obvious morons who invoke "low IQ"
$C: How is making homework unfinished class work dumbing down anything?
$C: Sorry about your home life
$C: That was my thought too.  "Eat dinner as a family?  Read together?  I'm at my third job to keep a roof over our heads!"- a hypothetical single mother.  It's a well-intended message but for me it really seems to test the line between school and home.
$C: [deleted]
$C: [deleted]
$C: Take an upvote you accurate bastard
$C: Just looked, and after "Rather" there is a comma, and not a period.
$C: Wouldn't even effect your debt based degree at this point. Go for it    
$C: It's not a good idea and Reddit doesn't always have the best advise 
$C: “As a family.”
$C: Maybe you're not a genius, or well adjusted, or realistic about yourself?
$C: Are you me????
$C: The bus to school was the crucible that forged us into achievers of the bare minimum.
$C: Damn right.... parents been (ab)using the school system for day care. Games up parents.
$C: There’s actually a lot of countries doing away with homework and a majority of their overall GPAs have risen. The summary is basically this... no kid goes home excited about homework, they just go home to get it done to get back to being a kid. Most parents are so out of touch with what is taught in schools they can’t help so the kid is going home and building a bad habit of getting answers wrong with no consequences. School is school, home is home. Studying is one thing but work is just that, work and should be conducted in school hours. 

There was a lot about stress and pressure to pass that negatively effects a kids mentality towards class in there too but I don’t remember everything about the article. Finland, South Korea, Czech Republic, and a long list of countries have implemented some type of homework restriction and its paying dividends on their child population. Maybe in the long run it helps with a laundry list of mental disorders. Who knows
$C: So the fine people who are responsible for studying the efficiency of our education methods have determined through empirical data that homework doesn’t increase knowledge retention rates and your instant response is to bemoan that -gasp- others won’t have to do the -pointless- work you did? 

You’re literally the reason we’re a society that still burns carbon to power motors 😶
$C: I bet your over 60... am I right? I’m right aren’t I....
$C: [deleted]
$C: you are definitely not a parent. homework time is commitment by parents until they are teenagers
$C: Definitely not true at least in the US lol. Hell i’m in college and tons of courses still have mindless homework.
$C: Yeah! We don't need kids being kids, or having sleep! Fuck that!
$C: Maybe you really did have homework but you thought you didn’t and that’s why you failed.

Really though I’m sorry you didn’t get to go on the field trip and no one told you what you did wrong.
$C: It’s because you didn’t eat dinner as a family, read together, play outside or go to bed early.
$C: Maybe you should’ve done your damn home work
$C: You failed the class is what you did wrong.
$C: Maybe it was because you don’t know what a comma is and where/where not to put one... stop studying rugs and read a book
$C: My highschool did the exact opposite... they decided eceryclass will give hokework everyday... and my math teacher went above and beyond and tripled us up on weekends... the math homework alone took like 5 hours to complete... on the bright side homeworks only 15% your final grade... and 85 is passing... unless your me... where 66 is passing... 
$C: My girlfriend in high school had to go to prom alone before she moved to Montreal because I failed English. School sucks. 
$C: How do you fuck that up? Seriously
$C: Sounds like the teachers failed you in more ways than one. Did you not grasp the subject and needed more attention and tutoring in the subject?  People are all over your ass but I'm seeing it differently because some schools DO fail to teach their children properly. It happened in my parochial elementary school - almost 50 years ago.  Families were pulling their kids out of that school and sending them to the public school so they could get a decent education, and not spend their days drawing and singing, which is mostly what we did (in 7th and 8th grade!!).   Those of us whose parents made us stay at that hell hole, having to face physically and mentally abusive nuns on the daily,  ended up with basically a 4th grade education, as that was the last year we didn't have a crazy teacher.  Our town was small, more of a village, so we got all the dregs for teachers. 
$C: Maybe you're a dumdum.
$C: I want much behind you. 7th grade is when it hit for me. It may have been a bit of a rush compared to 6th. But much more compared to 5th. 
$C: Was pretty much going to reply with this too... Depending on what's on at work I can wake up thinking about it and fall asleep with it still on my mind.. it doesn't matter if I'm in the office or at home, if there is something to be done, you bet I'm thinking about it/figuring out how to do it. I envy those that can leave work and switch off.
$C: Yeah, maybe homework itself doesn't necessarily improve performance at that time (elementary school). But learning fgood study habits like finishing work assigned to you at home while you do t have a teacher there monitoring you will probably help you develop the heabits to do better in college.

IMO, you need to get good study habits ingrained early so that students are less likely to procrastinate and are able to better manage their time.

Managing time is definitely a skill you learn through experience.
$C: I would have fail English in your high school... lol or transferred 
$C: It's your job to prepare them for the tests, you're the teacher!
$C: As an industrial plant manager.  I have to ask how this is gonna be tragic? I really cant take my work home, outside of what's in my head. 
$C: Florida, USA
$C: What’s your exact address?
$C: Unfortunately it’s not state wide.
$C: Personally here in Canada, Ontario, almost never had any homework that wasn't unfinished classwork except maybe kindergarden spelling lists. In Elementary schools and even Secondary schools, in my experience. 

Either that, or I just ignored any homework that got given. It's a pretty high possibility. 
$C: Same here in Kansas. 
$C: England
$C: County mayo- ireland
$C: I live in FL and I still have homework
$C: What's a county? 
$C: USA
$C: County and elementary school in the same sentence is throwing me off.
$C: I still don’t get it. 
$C: Why? Explain.

Edit: figured it out lol

$C: Probably did meant county but when asked about it decided not to dox himself 
$C: What? Why? I don't get how those two things are related.
$C: STATES' RIGHTS
$C: > thrown half of reddit into an absolute tailspin.

O-E-A

O-E-A

O-E-O

O-E-O
$C: And that when asked what county, he gave the name of a state
$C: I like this idea! I definitely am almost completely anti-homework, but this idea would definitely show strengths, weaknesses, and interest! 
$C: Where I live elementary schools give about an hour of homework and cram schools give another two. Primary school children going to bed at eleven. 
$C: I wish my son's school had done this. They did the opposite. 3-4 worksheets every night, and then they were expected to do 20 minutes each of independent reading and some kind of math activity. It was a pretty shitty situation, and I don't think it made him a better student.
$C: >A math minded student will finish more math homework, and potentially less English, etc.  
  
I really wish student ability per subject was a core feature of school from early on. There's no reason a kid should be limited if they can learn particular material at an accelerated rate compared to their peers.  
   
I was reading at a 12th grade level by time I finished elementary school, and I was bored out of my skull being stuck with the material from middle school and most of high school.  
   
I imagine there are thousands of kids who could finish k-12 in particular subjects in just a few years if there was infrastructure to facilitate that.
$C: lol my school had a 30 minute limit but the teachers with tenure didn’t give a shit and assigned 1-2 hours
$C: I had massive amounts of homework each night in elementary school (defined here as 4th grade until high school).  I was placed in the "accelerated" classes and the teachers expected a lot from us for our age.  It was probably good for developing my work ethic, but boy did it beat the childhood out of me in a hurry.
$C: Except when lts 15 min per class. Then that sucks.
$C: There is no such thing as "math minded", it's a dumb excuse people that have no work ethic use when they start failing maths because they don't study and haven't learned to tackle conceptually difficult content
$C: I like this idea a lot
$C: My teachers said this then my parents didn't believe me.
$C: >Partially I think this then shows how the kids are progressing. 

Our generation will be less productive than the previous one then, since we didn't spend as much time studying.

>A math minded student will finish more math homework, and potentially less English, etc.

Wonderful. Let's give kids with the most tedious work the least capability of understanding the world. Brilliant!
$C: Wow. When I was in junior high and high school, we had a *minimum* of six hours of homework per night. 
$C: This I dig. I just like to make sure my kids actually understand the lessons they are getting in school. Its easy to slip through in a class of 15-20 kids. My son especially. Sometimes he gets the gist of what hes doing but needs a little help figuring out the process. When hes got problems with part of it we go over a few examples and he catches on.  I much prefer that than no homework at all. A few minutes a day doesnt interfere with family activities, sports, etc. and still ensures they are learning their lessons.
$C: My school had this, in high school, no more than 3 hours of homework a night. Each teacher would then set 3 hours of homework a night. I had many detentions and failing grades for only doing 3 hours of homework, as well as being very dyslexic that ment that I could get about 20 minutes of homework done to everyone elses 3 hours.

I would have passed school if homework wasn't what i was graded on and rather had been tested on what knowledge i retained from the lessons.
$C: My high school had a one hour per night homework limit, but it was per class not total so normal was 3-6 hours per night. Any kid that had to work couldn't do sports or music or anything since there wasn't time for those, work, and homework.
$C: Yes, I'm a teacher and it says "15 min max on homework" on every homework calendar. 
$C: 15-20 mins limit? What if the kids really stupid or really smart, they do homework at different rates, right?
$C: I liked how my schools did homework. It was optional. You could never do homework, but still pass if you aced the tests. My grade wasn’t impressive, but at least I didn’t spend extra time on school shit at home.
$C: Sure. 

You have one week to complete each grade K-9 and if you do, you will inherit your wealthy father's business. This will culminate in a debate, and Steve Buscemi is going to shoot someone with a rifle. 
$C: Yes, and maybe you'll pass this time

😜
$C: Contrary to popular belief, Finland is not a county. In fact, research suggests it may not exist at all. 
$C: That was one of the better Michael Moore films. I liked how he tied these ideas back to their [often] American roots.
$C: So have the kids practice in class. 
$C: I learned algebra and beyond just fine without ever doing a single piece of home work. Yes, some teachers hated me, others let me slide because I always did well on tests and was active and engaged in class.
$C: Guided in-class practice teaches it better than self-practice not knowing if the answer is correct or not until days later after grading.
$C: No one succeeds in life if they go to "university." In America it is called college, and America is the only place where real work was done (up until about 10 years ago)

Can we get accredited home school college degrees??????
$C: To quote a martial arts instructor I once had: “when you practise katas, do it with a partner so you have someone to correct your mistakes. If you do something wrong a thousand times, then you become very good at doing it wrong.”

Basically a small amount of repetition with guidance (i.e. in class work) can be more valuable than many hours of floundering repetition (i.e. solo homework).
$C: Finland isn't a county lol.  And why is that the country that everybody is guessing after they've misread "county"? 
$C: He said county.  He's in the USA
$C: > until midnight 

It’s not that bad. My kids are in bed by eleven most days.
$C: I think that's way too anecdotal. Even if it isn't fun, some kids need a bunch more repetition than others to learn things. Most kids can't just speed chapters ahead of the rest of the class (some can of course, and hopefully they have gifted programs and parents who will challenge them).

$C: by the way, I like blowjobs too! high five
$C: Doing the same old stuff repeatedly is part & parcel of the US education system. 

First 3 months of every school year? Covering the same material that was done the previous year.

Also: Having English class for every grade from 1-12 should be a sign of failure. At some point students should actually be expected to have a basic proficiency so covering the same crap again & again should indicate your teaching method sucks.
$C: Nah, why would we want our kids to work over 40 hours if we don't? You can learn everything the public school teaches in 40 hours a week, and if you can't, that's a failing of the system, not an indicator students should work more outside of school.
$C: So assigning homework provides no benefit, but you think they should do it anyway because you think it’s a good idea?
$C: >most of them are going to go home and play video games or play with their cell phones


What’s wrong with that? Those are just things that kids do now. Neither activity is inherently bad. There was a point where someone could have said “they’re just going to go play sports or read books all day” and it would have sounded just as bad. The only reason it seems like a waste of time is because it’s not how you grew up.


Also, you mock the idea of promoting mental health, and while I do think it gets a bit overplayed at times, there is evidence to show its importance. I came up in the first generation of “mandatory college education”, where it became known that it would be impossible to start a career without a college degree as a minimum requirement. Schools were starting college prep material in elementary school. That’s a lot of pressure to start loading on an 8 year old, and it only increases as they get older. It becomes really easy to fall into a mindset that school grades are the only thing that matter, and that produces a lot of kids who can’t function well, and struggle just as much as the kids who didn’t get the good grades because they have no personality. At its worst, you get kids who end up thinking that literally can not live with the idea of being a failure at academics. And unfortunately I do mean literally as literally in this case.
$C: Generally you need a better reason to do something than to not do something, or at least you should.
$C: Serious reply:

I don't think we need a study to stop doing things we know to be ineffective. 

If I'm getting burned out at work from working a long day and then coming home and working some more why would I care about a study specifically showing that my performance would rise if I were to simply stop bringing my work home? 

That would be an extra reason to do it, but not one that would be required to stop my current behavior if I had evidence that it in of itself wasn't effective. 
$C: 1am? Those are rookie numbers!
$C: Summer holiday
$C: Well pause your homework!
$C: Seriously I don't know know how a couple hours of homework detracts the child from "family time", which in most if not all cases will mean the kid gets to watch TV and fuck around on the Internet until bedtime.
$C: Hop on fortnite then
$C: Well I was home alone for the day, so that was out the window
$C: You and literally 89.3% of every child that has existed recently
$C: I'm self-employed and my boss is an asshole, he doesn't let me have a work/life balance
$C: Makes sense that an entire generation that grew up with 4 hours of homework a night is now increasingly fine with working 50+hours a week. 
$C: How ~~adults~~ Europeans view work/life balance
$C: My work/life balance is more like work/sleep balance.
$C: I am currently procrastinating a project dropped on me this morning and have spent 12 hours on today that is due tomorrow morning. This is the norm, and work/life balance is a dream.

Edit: And by procrastinating, I mean taking an hour to myself to browse Reddit before having to fucking dive back in 
$C: Cue all of my friends who are dedicated to doing even more work off the clock from 5-10pm. Idiots.
$C: Last job i had to wake up in the middle of the night to deal with issues that would impact operations the next day. Current job, i only think about work occasionally after 6 pm. Ive learned tons of skills from both jobs equally, but am much happier with the current one. This is how it should be... same for school.
$C: Or how adults are *can, theoretically* view the work/life balance *when viewed from beyond a capitalist framework*.
$C: What's your favourite ~~PoE~~ Paladins build?
$C: >supposed

We aren't supposed to do shit. Some of us can work as much as we like, it's all preference.
$C: Just kinda sucks that the works work and the life is laundry, dishes, vacuuming, bills, personal healthcare, and other non-relaxing things. But that’s where time management really comes in. 

Edit: oh and reddit, reddit, and reddit. 
$C: Are you though? I was always taught that this was the main reason for homework, to instill the pattern of self development in your own time after your main daily responsibility is complete.

This teacher is on the right path, but leaving a vacuum seems like setting kids up to fail to me.
$C: Can you blame workaholics if they are taught the first 20 years of their life that their free time means shit and they should continue working for work?
$C: Not everyone achieves work/life balance through strict boundaries like that. If that's what you need to do, do it of course!

But I, for example, have very project-and-task oriented work, and work from home. My work/life balance means that in the middle of the "work day" sometimes I'm playing video games or going out to coffee or a movie with friends, and sometimes I'm working in the evening.

It works for me, and my stress and health are better than when I was trying to make busy work during a strict work day and trying not to think about work in the evenings.
$C: Or how they do in European countries but not the US.

US work could call you after hours and if you don't accept your job might be on the line. In some countries in Europe, it's literally illegal to bother you after hours unless it's an emergency..
$C: I mean my brother works as an assistant for an eye doctor and he sometimes takes back some terms and stuff to learn that's necessary for work and it makes sense that he'd need to do that. Also engineers, doctors, etc. are required to keep up to date with the tech/information available to be effective, so they get paid more too.
$C: Yeah... I have to take work home sometimes which is pretty much homework. Homework is pretty real world stuff, in my opinion.
$C: Yeah, but how are we supposed to indoctrinate the next generation to be workaholics like us?
$C: This is America
$C: Yeah dude. I'm an hourly employee. I get home and don't have to think about jack shit related to my work until I clock in again tomorrow. Sure glad all that homework until 2 AM in high school prepared me for that!
$C: It’s called learning responsibility. Not correlating into your shitty 9 to 5. 
$C: Ur y3r 6 gt re ey5uueee et tvttttigsry re 5reee 4t ty5c tut re tt7344s 5g. Tut re hu 5i ew 66see we i tr y6835stt5 ye e3
$C: "Lol." - Capitalism
$C: and the homework for first period was done on the bus-ride to school
$C: But some teachers are soooo boooring.  Add some flair or don’t be upset when we fall asleep.
$C: Same here, the only homework that I did was whatever could be finished while at school.
$C: I used to have an illegal homework ring where me and 2 friends just shared answers.  We got caught sometimes but the teacher always accepted it if it wasn't obvious.
$C: If the teacher assigned the homework at the beginning of class (which was often the case for math) I did it during the lecture.
$C: University also isn't nearly 7-8 hours per day for most people. I only had a couple hours of classes most days. Some people are even able to manage their schedule where they only have class MWF.

I see what you're saying, but it's still a LOT to expect kids to go to school for 8 hours and then do homework another 2-3 hours after that. On top of extracurriculars, jobs, maintaining friendships, etc. 

At least high schoolers are young and tend to have lots of energy. But still, it's a lot.
$C: I can imagine the first lecture of class. *Today's topic: "Homework. What it is and how to do it."*
$C: Not to mention that for most, learning some subjects like Math and Chemistry is practice practice practice.   Simply not enough time in the period to work enough problems. 
$C: \>  Not having the discipline developed to hold yourself accountable outside of a school environment isn't going to help those kids.

Agree.  The working world expects you to get your job done.  Sometimes that means working after hours, especially if you're salary, to get he job done.  If you've never had homework I'd imagine that would be quite a shock.  

  

This thing about giving kids hours of homework every day is pretty stupid though.  That seems unreasonable and counter productive.  You gotta have a life too.
$C: High school is 8am to 3pm 5 days a week.  In my final semester of college I had 1-3 hours of class per day plus one lab.  There is *a lot* of time to get shit done in college and still spend less time per week on school work than you did in high school.
$C: I agree! Plus subjects like math, chemistry, and physics need practice and repetition to be able to become efficient at, at least in my experience. I would of had a hard time in math (especially the hard courses like calculus) if I didn't have to do my homework. 
$C: I think a lot of people have projected their dislike of homework, here. Self discipline and application on your own is an important part of school and a little bit of homework definitely help with that. It needs to be quality and meaningful homework, of course. That's what I find strange with this whole sentiment - any teacher should be able to tell you that there isn't just homework/no homework. The sophistication and planning of the homework by the teacher is also an important aspect in facilitating these independent skills in the student. I do think homework should be cut down somewhat but I also find the immediate dismissal and "anti" homework sentiment by parents who don't seem to be particularly educated in education, teaching and independent learning a bit troubling. I'm constantly seeing parents in reddit just generalising the hell out of the work, teaching and the intended effect on the student. 
$C: On the flip side, the majority of jobs don't have you studying and doing homework outside of work hours. Work hard 9-5 then go home and do your own thing. A whole hell of a lot of jobs are more "learn while doing" rather than "learn on your own time and present your work the next day".
$C: Grew up in China. It's laughable how people here in America complain and whine about homework. No, I'm not saying kids should be buried in homework but the minimum work kids have here probably is healthy: it allows kids to learn, review, and develop on their own while letting the teachers know where their students are.

A bit more rant. People here have unrealistic expectations for education. No funding for schools, don't want to pay teachers more, don't want to evaluate students even less so for teachers. Basically people don't want to be responsible for anything in terms of taxation, refuse to hold anyone accountable, yet want nothing but the best outcome.
$C: I think this is the bigger issue. Ultimately it really depends on the class.

Math? Lecture explains *how* to do the work. You still need to put in some time actually working through problems in order to build competency. Many other subjects will have reading to be done that will provide the background needed to understand lectures. Programming and a few other disciplines are like math and require you to actually apply the knowledge that you should be getting in class.

I think the most useful part of would be to reconsider how much value is coming from *class* time. If you're putting a lot of time into just sitting there quietly and doing problems, there might be more value that could be had from moving to a more open structure. Not everybody is going to need the same amount of time to just sit there and work on things. Lecture can be useful, but might be better replaced by more reading as many times they can repeat information needlessly wasting everyone's time.

The real issue is that, in high school, too often homework is just needless busy work so that grades can be assigned. You even get a portion of that in college. What most needs to be done is an assessment of *why* is the work being assigned and whether it's truly necessary or not.
$C: Most people in college/university have classes two or three times a week for about 4-6 hrs vs five 8hr days like kids do in school. Unless you pick a really intense major, uni is relatively easy in regards to work/life balance. 
$C: Outside of papers, I had little to zero homework in college. It was all about paying attention in class. Even when there was homework, it was 5-10% of the grade (again, barring papers). 

I was privileged enough to go to a school that recognized this and my last two years of high school conditioned me for it.
$C: Homework does not necessarily teach you that. Homework only taught me procrastinating and skipping work. If the student has bad discipline and is more stimulated by other activities homework is just going to make them fall behind making it harder for them to follow lectures. Students are also apt to get bored during homework review and leave them distracted for the rest of the class.  


Supervised individual tasks in school and project work is much better at achieving what you want.
$C: This is my first reaction too. High school is supposed to prepare students for college... Theoretically any way. If you don't assign homework in HS it just seems like you're setting students up for failure. If there are studies out there to the counter OK, but I have a hard time wrapping my head around the idea of throwing kids who've never seen homework into engineering school.... 
$C: This is why I am a big fan of 'study hall' hours. I think it would be great to have a mandatory study hour period for all students where they can tend to homework. This way, they are expected to complete their projects independently (while having important school resources like the library or available teachers), rather than expecting this to get done solely outside of the school day.
$C: In high school for AP/honors classes teachers assigned minimal homework, and if there was homework assigned they were problems from the book that the teacher thought were important to know. Usually showed up on exams so doing the homework helped you study
$C: Thank you for being a voice of reason. Homework isn’t just about cramming knowledge into kids, but it’s also about helping them to learn time management skills, identify when they have problems and get help for it, and how to delay gratification in order and take care of their responsibilities first. I’ve seen kids crash hard in college because they never learned how to do this. 

So instead of extremes of “no homework” and “lots of homework”, maybe we can find a reasonable balance of “some homework”.
$C: Elementary School homework - 1 hour a day, usually math and reading

Middle School homework - 2 hours a day, plus time spent studying for exams

High School homework - up to 4 hours a day (Honors and AP), plus weekends, balanced with sports and other extracurriculars

College homework (University of Chicago) - 7-8 hours per day, plus weekends, balanced with lab research job, meals and maybe 4 hours of sleep
$C: This is why I much prefer working full time over being a student, and why I floundered the two times I tried college. Once my day ends I don’t have to worry about any of it until the next day. It’s great.
$C: I can see why you think that, but last year, my junior year, I was doing 1.5 to 2 hours of math homework a night, and 40 minutes at school while pulling Ds or Cs. Because I wasn’t good at math, it pulled down every other subject I had. Homework isn’t the right thing to do, seven hours at school then two outside while still having to pick up what homework is left after that, then throw in the normal stress of being my age and such things, I was miserable constantly. 
$C: And whether people want to admit it or not, the same goes for work once you hit the real world. 
$C: Under the model we use the kids still take work home, but it's meaningful practice for the tests. It's graded for completion and effort and corrections are usually required for credit in many cases. Projects have plenty of out of class work, buts it's intentionally meaningful. 

We aren't ditching homework. We are ditching busy work. No more point chasing. 

Every kid has to complete every assigned practice or they can't do anything extracurricular until it's in (coaches have a desk for you at practice) We assign 80% less and get better results. 
$C: College isn’t for everyone.  Why should that be the goal for everyone?  
$C: The college model is starting to change too. There is a growing trend toward spending class time on group work and assignments, with lectures delivered on video for viewing at home. Still a lot of outside work and reading, but if elementary and highschool change, college can adapt as well.
$C: Plus HS is when you normally have big papers,  so if you have to drop a 10 page paper, you aren’t supposed to spend all school day on it.  


Then again, HS is when you really start on extracurriculars, maybe a job, maybe dating, Learning to drive and hanging out with your friends.  You don’t realize how hard teenage you could go until you reflect back and realize that would kill you now.  
$C: Yep. My first attempt at college was a miserable, expensive disaster because my high school was a piece of shit and I almost never had to do homework to get good grades. The second time was a lot easier after working my ass off in the real world for 8 years.
$C: They wouldn't have zero experience, though. For one they could and probably would still study from time to time. And that's like 90% of what people consider "homework" in college. And then they would still probably have a few big projects/papers that they would work on outside of class, just like college. 

As it stands almost all homework in secondary and, to a somewhat lesser extent, primary education is worthless busy work that just makes kids hate school even more than they already do. They will have few, if any, assignments like that in college or work and so it does nothing to prepare them. It's just a waste of their time.
$C: It's about learning. Homework should exist to aid learning. Research in the topic (education and psychology) is what we should use to determine if homework is a valuable use of time or if it is not. 

As for "preparing" people for homework, the idea that people don't learn time management and how to do assignments (IN CLASS) from other things seems like a fallacy to me. Besides, it should be a teachers' main job to make sure students are learning their respective subjects, and things that don't aid in that are completely secondary.

Edit: Also, to note what the teacher said (and as a psychologist I can second this part), there are a lot of non-homework things that predict better learning and, for that matter, lower stress and better overall functioning than homework, and thus spending time on those is more valuable than spending that time on homework. Again, it's about research and what has been shown to really matter when it comes to getting people to learn. More sleep, more creative outlets, more family time, and more social time (socializing is an important part of wellbeing) may just end up doing better at helping us succeed than "homework" (which by the way comes from an older era of education that we just haven't shed). Now I agree once you get to a college level, or perhaps 11/12th grades, you can't avoid some assignments outside of class time. As a professor, I do give very manageable assignments if some topic just needs some more love. But I only give what I feel is necessary (i.e. NO BUSY WORK) to comprehend an idea or concept.
$C: I never did homework in school and I got to college and I did a minimal amount. Still managed to graduate with a 3.6 just because I’m smart and have excellent writing skills. 
$C: Not having homework means you get to learn time management. 

Not getting homework doesn't mean there's no work you need to do at home - if you don't do anything in class you're going to have to do it at another time, which is often at home. Not to mention if it is a subject that a student finds very difficult they might work slowly and still have to do it at home - it does however give them the opportunity to ask questions in class. 

No homework is a good thing in my opinion, or at least very little homework. I'm in favour of the "flipping the classroom" myself - students study the theory at home and do work in class. That way they can ask questions about what they read (or watched/listened to) and ask questions while doing work related to the theory. Blended learning is another solution to this where students are learning about a topic from various sources while doing exercises both digitally and on paper/having discussions about it. With the latter you keep all the work in the classroom, both learning and exercises.

The normal classroom model of a teacher talking and students listening is outdated, as well as the students doing a lot of work at home rather than having time for family, leisure, and sports, on top of getting enough sleep. 
$C: Haven’t read all the replies yet, but I was one of those naturally gifted high school students that almost never did homework, but still ended up with an A or B+ depending on how large of a percent college was to our grade (I basically calculated out how much homework I’d have to do if I got 100% on all my tests).

Then I went to college (a top 30 school) and having never had to try, and struggled (B/C range) because suddenly I had to homework and try and I didn’t know how. I got it together after a year, but I can definitely see where you’re coming from just because of that experience.
$C: I barely revised for exams and basically didnt do homework in school.

I now have a degree, had no issue adjusting to university. Your whole life there is different, you spend more time doing coursework in your own time than you spend in classes, you have days off specifically for doing courseowkr and revision, etc. At school, you're there from 8ish-4ish. It's more like a job and I don't like taking work home with me.
$C: Actually I think that the opposite is true. If you TEACH kids there is a balance of work/play in life they will model that when the become independent. Looking at a typical high school junior or senior, there 6-7 hours of class time, 2 hours of athletic or organized club, 3 hours of employment, 1-2 hours home study, eating, sleeping and transportation... and that’s a full day. There is no more time for play or self care. They are ready working hard and balancing a lot of responsibility even without homework!  If they work all the time for those two years, and then get to college where they are unsupervised, they shut down and play all the time. 
$C: I totally agree! When I read this post, I got slightly triggered sind seven if homework does not help a lot(for some people), it disciplines you and teaches you things here and there. Totally agree with you
$C: You had no assignment or project in high school? They aren't the same as homework. Personnally, our homework weren't graded (thus I didn't do them) but the assignment and project were.

Not so different from university/college.
$C: An ex gf of mine coasted through public school all the way through HS. She failed out of university as she wasn't used to studying or doing homework. I think there is a balance to be struck with the amount of homework that is assigned. Seeing first graders with bulging backpacks of books seems like a bit much!
$C: Could not agree with you more. That's me 100%.
$C: There is significant evidence that homework in school does not improve performance in college or anywhere else at all.
$C: Oh please. University is 3 hours of class and the rest of time to do whatever you like. You can write every paper in a weekend and fuck off the rest of the time and be graduate with honors. 
$C: Difference is, in university, your teachers actually give lectures and do their jobs. In high school, teachers sit on their fat asses playing FarmVille with a “lesson plan” detailed on the white board. If high school teachers actually taught their classes the kids may actually need to do homework since all they do now is self teach material and attempt to work through it during class. 


I can still remember the scoffs and scowls when multiple students went to my high school teachers and asked for clarity on a particular subject. 
$C: This is my only concern.  Doing assignments at school is easy because you're forced to do them and don't have the option to do anything else.  Self discipline and time management skills that are built through homework and outside assignments really prepare students for college and full time jobs.
$C: Some teachers have them do research papers entirely in class. It takes a bunch of class periods of course. 
$C: If you want them prepared for university then school should only be 4 hours a day with a lecture and then assignment to prepare for the next day after the day ends in 4 hours. 
$C: I feel like college was the last place I actually had homework. Sure, I have to work from home sometimes. But, that is exactly what the school is doing. If you don't finish your work between 9-5 (or school hours), finish it at home. I'm not aware of places that require employees to do major projects on their own time. 
$C: Does a research paper etc count as homework? I mean technically it does but in high school I never considered it homework
$C: Except in College you aren’t in class for like 7 hours straight. 
$C: Somehow the Finnish education system manages it and their students compare admirably to the rest of the world!
$C: You don’t have classes from 8-4 pm at uni. Those students who studied 24/7 actually did pretty bad.
$C: There are occasional projects and writing assignments that require work outside of class for some students. My oldest daughter chooses to work her entire project at home most of the time, and focus on regular classwork at school. We support that.
$C: I finished highschool without ever doing homework outside of school itself. There's no real evidence to support that the "college preparation" they do in highschool actually helps in college. I for one think highschool was completely different, and it's more of just being able to adapt. You typically learn how to write research papers in college itself.
$C: The reality is that the teachers reference to research is absolutely correct. There’s no evidence to support that homework contributes to better performance in academia. If only performance in academia was all that was required to be successful in life. We’ll never be able to convince everyone of that though, That’s why there will always be pressure against the concept of common core.
$C: I was wondering about this as well, it doesn’t make as much sense for older kids. Are they supposed to spend all class reading a book? When are they supposed to discuss it? How long would it take for them to even get through one novel at that rate. 
$C: College 'homework' and the crap they assign kids in high school are, in my experience, totally different. College consists of papers, lots of them, due every week and assigned a grade. Those grades make up a large percent of your final grade. 

High school is worksheets, due every day. If it's not done instead of just putting yourself at a disadvantage when it comes time to write the paper or take a test you get marked down. So, don't do your high school homework but you pass every test and ace every paper and you still fail.

So, students who have a fine grasp of the material and get good grades on everything they do will end up failing a course because they didn't feel like spending 4 hours a night doing busy work due the next day for a bunch of classes. 

In college if you failed it's because you either couldn't manage to write a paper in a week, couldn't be bothered to listen to lecture, couldn't be bothered to come to class or couldn't be bothered to do any sort of proper research and totally screwed up the paper. 

I pulled shit grades in high school because I flat out refused to waste my time on worksheets and questions I already knew the answers to. I pulled A/B exam/paper/midterm/final grades but would often end up barely passing because I didn't do any of the homework. And that means you got a 0. Three 0s and you drop a final letter grade.

My college GPA was like 3.6, solid A/B all around. Only thing I ever failed was some maths and I'm just bloody awful at maths in general. I tried hard outside of class, I went to other sources, used Kahn Academy every day and still really struggled with it. 

I think the best way to teach high school kids what college is about is to let them fuck up on their own, see what happens when they fall asleep in class or don't come or don't turn in papers. 
$C: Writing a research paper doesn’t need to take place outside of school. You can give kids time to work on it in class. 

Speaking of which... Reminds me of my American Literature teacher that had us write an impromptu research paper for our final exam. Basically... he told us 10 potential research paper topics based on books we read during the year. Of those topics, 2 would be given to us and we could pick a single topic to write about. So we had to find evidence to support our analysis of the literature for all 10 topics with multiple quotes from each book, throw out the research for 9 of them, and then spend 3 hours writing an in depth analysis with the quotes as support. One kid showed up to the final without any quotes pre pulled to back up his essay, the teacher told him to not even waste his time and to leave because he was going to fail. 

Preparing for that exam was probably the most difficult test I’ve ever taken in my life, including college.  Not because what was being asked of us was difficult to do, but the time spend preparing for it outside of class was the most wasteful time consuming bullshit that has ever been asked of me in my academic life.  It did not benefit me in the slightest having gone through that and I would not wish the experience on my worst enemy. 
$C: I would hope that rule just applies to busywork like the problems at the end of a math chapter and not papers and projects.  
$C: Homework sure prepares you for university, but I wouldn't say even that is needed. But how does homework *prepare* you for life? I mean, sure there might be certain professions where you need to put aside your personal time for extra work to finish deadlines and such, but I imagine the majority of jobs out there doesn't require you to do that, and the jobs that do already require a college degree where you do assignments. I just can't think of anything that correlates to my life being easier because of doing homework during school.
$C: Have you talked with someone who has recently graduated on a professional level? My experience is that most can't even call and ask for someone on the phone like a normal person.
$C: What’s funny is OP cites “research” but data shows as time goes by and schools modernize, kids are unquestionably doing worse. 
$C: Let alone the AP students. I just don’t know how it’s possible to get a kid through AP Euro, World, Chem, Bio, Calc, etc. without at the very minimum giving them additional readings of many chapters for homework. The course load is just too much to handle and there is no chance they will be able to concentrate appropriately at school. Let alone practice the material to show sufficient understanding as the course goes on. I’d fear that many students just sit there during lecture, take notes, and hope that they can skim by on exams 
$C: We've really not been preparing children for life for a generation now. Participation trophies, over parenting and shielding children from reasonably uncomfortable situations doesnt teach them the skills necessary to cope with some basic life situations.  Some parents and some kids. Not all. 
$C: They will be utterly unprepared. Students from school systems that have trained their kids to study and learn in the off hours will outperform them on homework, absolutely crush these kids on exams, and then they will get the good jobs.

​

This is a terrible concept. Sure, fine, you don't need any homework in the absolute youngest years. But it should be present before leaving elementary, common in middle school and daily in high school.

​

It's insane to suggest that studying doesn't help learn. If you want to learn something, then do it over and over, correctly. That's why kids get assigned math problems for homework.
$C: Daily busy work should be optional whereas large/essential assignments should obviously be mandatory. A lot of the time, teachers just assign students problems or give them a worksheet because they feel obligated to give them homework every day because it's an IB/AP course but that often doesn't help to improve performance since we're still using a teaching methodology from 100s of years ago when classes were smaller and work was personalized. 

I tend to see teachers do this: If we're learning A, B, C, D, E, F in class, then the teacher gives us a worksheet with 2-3 problems for A-F. However, as a student I'd likely be strong with ABCF whereas I'm not really sure about E and D. I would like the teacher to spend more time on ED but the depersonalization of the school system means that I have to do problems on ABCF that I already know how to do and don't get as much practice with ED that I'm terrible at.
$C: Less homework time means time for learning real life responsibilities. Teach them real life skills at home. How to cook, how to repair the car, manage the household budget. Volunteer somewhere. There are plennnnnnty of things to do to prepare for life in general outside of research papers and homework. 
$C: Also, does reading literature count as homework? I would only get through one tenth of my curriculum if my students had to read everything in class too.
$C: My students, high school freshmen and juniors, want to fuck off during class then ask to take their work home and finish it. They are hoping to go home and google/copy/paste the answers instead of working for it in class. 

I structure my classes so they should be able to finish that day with a couple minutes left at the end of a period. If it is a large project I break it up into several stages each of which can be finished in 1 class period. I got tired of reading 100 copy/paste papers, grading them for 0, returning them to the students, and explaining why they all failed. 
$C: Doing a paper is a bit different than standard homework, unless they don’t allow that either. A lot of times people get to work on them in class as well. You can make it so students have no homework but then a few papers that they have weeks to work on. 
$C: Many people who have decent jobs don’t think about their work at all when they are home, or at least try not to think about work. “Life in general” is filled with people who have things they like to do but have nothing to do with their job. Maybe if there was no homework, developing adults would have the time needed to find out what they really want to do for a job? Homework and the American education system is designed to fill your time with what it thinks you should care about, not what a student wants to think about. Imagine if work, what you were obligated to do, was what you were interested in? How could you figure that out what that is if you spent all your free time working on things that you weren’t interested in? After school should be for the student not the institution. I think there would be less people hating their Monday’s if that were true
$C: I'd say there's a difference between "This is your assignment, this is your due date, you will have class time to do it in, but would advise more than that." And "Work in class is done, here's your homework!".
$C: The research I read showed that the no homework policy was helpful for elementary school kids, like in the op pic, mixed effectiveness for middle school, and not very effective/no effect for high school kids.

It has a lot to do with developmental stages.
$C: I currently teach middle school. I assigned a simple 5 paragraph essay about themselves. I genuinely think kids in my school need the extra homework in order to practice how to write. 
$C: It doesn’t. And that’s the point.
$C: The people who should actually be going to university will continue to, and perhaps the people who shouldn't wont be tricked into thinking 30 years of debt is a good idea.
$C: It won’t prepare them.  Just more ways to baby newer generations. You can assign homework without being excessive.  1-1.5 hours a night isn’t terrible. And before everyone replies saying they have 5-7 classes and 1 hour each is insane, the only subject that gives you daily homework usually is math.  English is usually reading or writing a paper and you usually have a period of time to complete it. History and other classes typically do it once you finish a chapter or those 5-6 review questions at the end of a section that are super easy.  Stop making everything so god damn pc and easy for future generations.  Learning how to deal with light stress and time management is essential to being a decent adult
$C: That's insane to me... Maybe my school worked different from other school but don't you learn from repetition? How can you learn algebra for example without repetition?
$C: I'm glad I had homework.  Gave me an excuse not to do crappy chores my former stepfather would come up with if you weren't busy.

Hell.  I made up homework even when I didn't have any.
$C: I had a teacher never assign homework in Chemistry, the drawback was that we worked until the bell everyday, just as it should be. Instead of my other classes where we sat around and did nothing in the last 10 minutes
$C: My daughter is entering senior year in HS and last year, outside of Calculus, she got basically no regular homework in her other classes. This included at least one other AP class as well as "Honors" Chemistry and Physics. I was like wtf? Why do you have so little homework?
$C: Sure is!
$C: yeah I would be ok with some light reading, but most of homework is just rote memorization or procedural shit. Also no homework doesn't mean no studying. 
$C: homework like that in grade school? I hardly ever remember something like that, all the homework I remember from grade school would be like "read 20 minutes" a day or something and maybe a worksheet. Doing 15-20 math problems or writing a paper didn't start until middle school
$C: > There's no homework getting done when your home life is shit.

Y'know, speaking of home life... I wonder if the rise of the two-parent-working household and the strain and reduction on home life has contributed indirectly to reduced-homework trends like this.
$C: And we wonder why our poor are trapped in poverty. 
$C: Sounds like math from k-12 for me.
$C: Yeah. It's where you balance work and work. 
$C: I can't argue with the first point, I've never read up on that. 

As to the second, students absolutely must take ownership of their work and learn to self crit. What better time to begin teaching that than grade school? My 6 year old works independently at assigned and chosen tasks, and then must self assess her work using a rubric and/or ask a classmate to review it before bringing it to an adult. 

*Edit to add: my middle schooler follows the same work ethic as my grade schooler, in this environment. With the addition of occasional take home projects.
$C: Is mandated homework doing that?

Personally, despite your typical amount of homework no one I knew was ready for college when it came to study habits.
$C: That's not really a fair comparison. The whole structure of college is different. You are not required to be 'in school' every day from 9-5.

Unless I'm missing the point of your sarcasm.
$C: Just because you don't have any take home work doesn't mean you don't need to be prepared for work inside the classroom. 

Studying is never required anywhere. It just helps if you don't want to be a dumbass.
$C: Having work that isn't structured around a classroom isn't the same as homework though.  Learn to work a consistent workday at uni rather than falling into the trap of last minute deadlines and allnighters
$C: To be fair, I don't think I ever did the suggested reading before class in college, unless maybe if it was a discussion section where I'd get grilled on it. 
$C: I went to high school for roughly 8 hours per day. I went to college classes roughly 3-4 hours per day. If you are very good at time management, in most majors you could probably do all of your work and studying in less than 40 hours per week.
$C: This is likely the elementary school level. Kids can learn how to study in high school when they have developed more abstract thinking. 
$C: This is clearly an elementary school class. Kids don't need to do busywork at that age. They can develop study skills when they reach middle and high school, when the material requires more time than the school day provides.
$C: My first time going to college I thought I could get by with just the bare minimum. Made it to class but never did homework. Failed miserably and dropped out. 

My second time through college I took it seriously and actually studied and did all the homework. It made me quite successful at  learning the material. I got straight A’s and graduated. So it certainly helps. How to motivate students to do the work? I don’t know. Do they have to fail horribly first? In my case maybe. My high school had also assigned a lot of homework much of which I also didn’t do fully or take seriously so that didn’t work in my case either. 
$C: You act like it's the equivalent of throwing someone who can't swim in the ocean.

Even if I never had homework until my first day of college, it's not like I'd be sweating over a textbook at home freaking out like "WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS SHIT" I'd just be like "oh okay" and do the work because I paid thousands of dollars to be there.
$C: My middle school frequently does math at home that she feels she needs practice in. But it's suggestion from her teacher and a desire of hers to learn more and advance, it's not a requirement. I gladly help with whatever she brings home, if she asks.
$C: Idk man, not in this thread
$C: In the Midwest in a suburb of a big city
$C: Look up the Montessori method, there are schools nationwide
$C: Maybe not, the entire culture is shifting. What has changed in the last 12 years since I was in college and what might change in the next 12 before my daughter's get there?
$C: Hang in there! It's been a while since I was in high school, but I struggled with homework since I was working full time. If you can find a way to make it work, it's worth it to put the hard work in! 
$C: Schools don't use textbooks much anymore. Students at our local schools have laptops and access to programs like Khan academy, NewsELA and ABCmouse.
$C: What if they don't want to go to college?
$C: How do you learn without doing? An instructor at a board at the front of the room doesn't further your understanding. Doing the actual work does, the practice. So instead of the board and the monotonous droning, just give the kids the work now and help them when they get stuck or supply individual/small group lessons. We know this intuitively, but don't practice it with our children...
$C: This makes Gazalan a sad boy
$C: The only class that ever made me feel like a failure was calculus during my freshman year of college. Ugh.
$C: Nah, college has changed a lot in the 12 years since I was there, and I'm pretty sure it'll be very different than today in another 12 years. 

And, tbh, what I really want for my children is happiness and the skills for practical life.  There are a lot of things I learned in school - I was my class valedictorian - but I didn't learn how to do my taxes or how to change my child's diaper or how to format a resume to get the job I really want. These practical life skills are emphasized in this type of environment, as well as this structure encouraging that work/life balance (that so many of us are unfamiliar with) beginning at a very young age.
$C: Duh
$C: They absolutely do read. Both of my children read at school and at home. But there is no assigned reading at home. Do you want to get ahead and know what's coming in the story tomorrow? Are you invested in the story and can't put it down? Great, keep going! But is it the most boring piece of fiction you've ever laid eyes on? You can wait until tomorrow to pick it back up. 
$C: My kids are in school for 7.5 hours everyday, including a 30 minute lunch. I work for 8.5, including a 30-60 minute lunch. Pretty comparable.
$C: The school my children attend, the one described above *is* a charter school.
$C: I wish there was more homework in college. It can only boost your grades and knowledge if you actually do it. I learn jack shit from lectures/reading while most the stuff I learn is from doing the homework and practicing.
$C: But you're in class much less than you are in elementary school and high school. It averages out to the same workload, just you don't need as much hand holding.
$C: But how many hours were you actually in school a day? It probably averaged to about an 8-10 hour day...
$C: Why were you not be taught/learning in class? Why even go to class if there's nothing useful gained? Do you work 12x5 as an adult? Did you learn useful things like taxes and the scientific method? If the way were doing school isn't working, why not adapt?
$C: No cafeteria, students bring their lunch or go off campus every day. 

Edited to add: there are 4 age appropriate kitchens, students can cook if they choose to.
$C: Again, this is a choice you've made #1 as an adult and #2 get paid for. It's not a requirement put on you without benefit.
$C: The high schoolers are required to take dual credit college courses, the university instructors may have homework assignments. They are also *allowed* to take work home, just not required.
$C: Look up the Montessori method, there are schools all around the nation.
$C: My mom always said there are no lazy people, only people who haven’t been given proper motivation.
$C: More like

> motivated

> anything to do with school

School (at least American school) is so disrespectful to students that almost all of them hate it at day 1.
$C: >motivated

>me

I'm still confused
$C: Nope. In class assigned work is rarely done well if the teacher doesn't collect it. In class journals are a joke. Teens can barely write legibly.
$C: Get rid of the "as a kid" part for me
$C: >Motivated

>Me at any stage of life so far


Yeah, doesn't seem right to me either.
$C: Looks like someone is going to have some math homework then..
$C: me as an adult... ...still doesn't add up
$C: My motivation was highest as a kid. Through most of elementary school I always did my homework as soon as I got home, even on Fridays. Then come like sixth grade I realized that I can just not and would sit and pretend I was actually doing homework, only to be doodling or something. Come middle school I would just play video games and do it at lunch or 11 or later
$C: If you finish your worksheet I'll send you home with this Sears intimates catalog
$C: You were probably motivated, just not to do what others wanted you to do.  This capitalizes on that by saying, “Finish your work at school and you get to do whatever you want when you get home.”
$C: Totally would for me. I always finish my shit early and got good grades, but I would never do my homework because I played sports and fuck pages of calculus. 
$C: I could never really accept a job where you're never fully away from work, I need that line separating work and non-work time.
$C: Unless you’re a teacher. I take work home almost every day. 
$C: Most adults?  You must not work in tech.
$C: This has been one of the biggest parenting struggles for me. My son is a good kid. An average student, but overall kind, and easy to raise. I have a hard time, after he comes home from a full day of following the rules, and meeting everyone *else's* expectations, that he has to come home and keep doing it. Children need time to decompress after a long day as much as adults do.
$C: At least this way rewards the hard workers instead of "Oh you finished your work? Have more work!"

Its the same mentality that makes hourly workers such lazy piece of shit a lot of the time. Why work hard if youre gonna be rewarded with more work?
$C: These were my favourite teachers. I'd love getting a shorter more to the point lesson and a chance to practice and go over some "homework" at the end of the class than have a teacher who spends the whole class really going over every thing with a lot of detail 
$C: How do you manage to get through your curriculum *and* have in-class time for work? Thinking back to my high school classes, I have no idea how that would be possible
$C: This was why I did so well in 11th grade, when I went to a charter school. Small class sizes and everything being self-paced made it possible for me to breeze through each subject, doing a new chapter in each subject every week, as well as a few subjects advancing every few days
$C: Yup same here! I almost always got my work done at school. Only actually worked at home 4-5 times during high school
$C: Sounds like kids who aren't gonna do it in class won't do it at home so why does it matter?
$C: I had a different experience in my school because it wasn't hard to figure out what was worth doing for an easy A and what I could take as a zero so I was able to coast through with a A- until I graduated.
$C: In my view, I see it as the "lazy" kids or the kids who do poor academically and just don't care, aren't gonna be motivated to work no matter what. But, with a policy like this, it prevents some of the students who do better academically from saying "why should I be motivated to do this if I'm just going to get the same amount of homework on top of it regardless".
$C: I remember there being nights in high school where I was up till midnight or 1 am just to finish all my schoolwork. There was one teacher who told us to expect to have 1-2 hours of homework just for her class every night. It fucking sucked. 
$C: I got an 80  in a class because I just couldn’t make myself do homework. I understood the material and did well on tests, but homework was 15% of the final grade and I was a lazy fuck who just wanted to hang out with friends and play video games after the school day and extra curricular activities. My logic at the time was that homework was to help you learn and understand the material, and I already did so there’s no point. That 15% of my grade was the point and I was an idiot. 
$C: EYYYY QUIZ BOWL
$C: How'd you do in college? Pretty good?
$C: When I was doing my GCSE’s my maths teacher assigned us to do some Maths work on this site called MyMaths, he wanted us to get minimum 70% on the courses he assigned but he gave us like a week to do 2-3 depending on the difficulty of them.

This was just in order to actually see where we were at in terms of progress and understanding, but I remember one night I was sat until 10pm the night before it was due in in tears because I couldn’t get some of the questions right. My mam wrote a note to him just telling him what had happened, he took me to the side at the end, and in the nicest way said I was silly for reacting like that and explained why he set the homework for us. Two years later we get a letter saying I’m gifted in mathematics and I’m being asked to attend three hour maths classes on Monday afternoons.

To this day he is my favourite teacher and the only time I agree with homework.
$C: The part that bothered me most about this was that i only spent about 15 minutes to a half hour doing work in any of my classes and still did well. I'd have much prefered putting in that time and having leisure. O well i guess shitty sleep starts young
$C: My first day of 8th grade, we got something like six pages of random questions to answer in science. We were expected to use the index and glossary to help find the answers. It was still tough because we had to find the right section and read it thoroughly to answer the questions. Some were pretty vague. Due the next day. I started right after dinner.  At 11 pm, my stepdad sent me to bed and stayed up most of the night finishing it. He wrote down the answers and had me copy them onto the work sheet over breakfast the next morning. He was so mad that he called and complained. This was in the 80's.  


$C: My son just started middle school.  I'm already going to bed before he's even finished with homework.  I'm calling the school this week to let them know how badly it affects our family.  Six different teachers giving so much homework for each child is ridiculous!  But I'm sure they won't give a shit.
$C: Dude what were you learning in 8th grade that required 4 and a half hours of homework a night? I dont think i ever spent that long studying and i'm in my second year at the uni. 
$C: Back when I was in Primary School (that's how we call it here, 1st-4th grade), I used to stay up late at night doing homework with my dad and straight to bed right after. My head felt pretty tired by the time I got finished. It was like that every day cuz my teacher was strict af. Homework was her religion. Also, she beat us.
I also remember in a different year, I'd leave school before my parents were off work, so I'd stay in kindergarten or whatever with a bunch of other kids and they'd make us do our homework until our parents came to pick us up. It was frustrating because my best friends were there and I just wanted to play with them. A while after, parents would start coming to pick up the kids and you were never able to play with them cuz the next time you saw them again was stuck in a classroom the next day. We were like 7 y.o.
$C: How did you have 4.5 hours of homework in 8th grade? I can't imagine what could take 4.5 hours every single day, unless you got like 300 math problems every day. Either that or you just saved up all homework until the due date like me. 
$C: I graduated in early 2000s and I dont remember homework being an issue. Sure we had it but I never spend hours doing it. Based on this thread I'm the minority. 
$C: Ok but that's because you signed yourself up for super intense advanced coursework so....
$C: It's weird I don't remember making another reddit account and typing this but I must have at some point because this is me
$C: > as little work possible for the most gain possible

That right there is a pretty important life skill.
$C: Huh I tried the "do the minimum" strategy and always got C grades.  Catholic school can suck its own dick.  
$C: I'm gonna push back on this real quick to say that I'm this same kind of person, except no matter how much homework the teacher threw out I would put as little effort into it and procrastinate the fuck out of it. It had nothing to do with how much homework there was. So changing the amount of homework wouldn't have done anything for me. Tbh I think the amount I had was totally reasonable and definitely added to my learning. 
$C: Never half-ass two things. Whole-ass one thing.
$C: >It's not my fault that I'm lazy, it's the system's fault
$C: I was the same way. I skated through high school doing the bare minimum. Never did a project or homework, I would get high test scores and my quarterly and final grades would be Cs or Bs because homework counted as 30% of the grade.
$C: We're pretty similar. I was an absolute rock star in elementary school, I loved reading, competing in spelling bees, competing for #1 in math class etc. Then testosterone, girls, sports and hanging out with friends kicked in and I did the absolute bare minimum to maintain B average through graduation. Even though I didn't know at the time, I was performing cost/benefit analysis to optimize my slacking. Those bad study habits followed me into college. I dropped out after a couple of years, got my ass kicked in shit jobs for 1.5 years. Went back and returned to my elementary school roots and got a degree in cs and math. I don't think adjusting the amount of homework fixes anything. IMO motivation and/or feeding a young person's interests are the most important.
$C: Even in college for the more difficult classes, it sucked watching my roommates out in like 30% of the work I was doing, and them getting a B and me an A. Ridiculous. 
$C: As the first type of person, I really wish I had half assed a lot more because after I graduated with a BS in engineering I  burnt out HARD. 

I remember being in 5th grade and sobbing over a 3D topographical map of the United States I had made out of different colors of clay to represent the "layers". It was almost 1am, I was exhaused, and I had realized that there was an incredible amount of detail still to finish so I had to choose between sleep and doing a good job. I got to class the next day and mine was by far the most detailed even though I had "cut corners" on the last quarter of the project. You'd think I'd learn from that but the thing about being an overachiever is that you get less and less praise for the  amount of work you put in because it becomes expected of you. You keep getting compared to yourself at your best and then you have to find a way to go beyond that... so I felt like I kept needing to do more and more work.... this was when I was 10 years old!

Now I'm left with a crippling fear of failure and I basically spent two years curled up on a couch because I had spent the past 25 years(or maybe let's call it 18 productive years) going at 200% and I was exhaused. I felt like if I only gave 85% people would see me as a failure and be disappointed in me. It's taken a loooong time to accept that a B is totally fine.
$C: Yep. I figured this out around sophomore year. I calculated what my grade would be if I slacked on certain assignments and figured out if it was really worth the effort. Most of the time it wasn't worth it -- pull all nighters and stress like crazy for only one letter grade higher? No thanks. 
$C: This is me and I got into grad school. 

College reinforced good school behavior in me. In HS I wouldn’t do homework, but since I paid attention and participated in class, I did well enough on tests/projects or whatever that whatever homework I slacked on didn’t matter. 

Then I go to college and am a double major in psych and English, so basically no homework besides reading and writing (which are my favorite hobbies), so that went really well for me. I didn’t feel like I was doing nonsensical work outside of class a lot. And so when I did the stuff that required work outside of class, I did it. 
$C: I used to be the first kind of student when I was a little kid in like 4th and 5th grade, and then I became super lazy in 6th grade but eventually managed to reach a balance of minimum work for maximum gain, but it quickly degraded into just doing minimum amounts of work again.
$C: So true. I never did homework / extra reading in high school and still came out with an alright GPA. Granted, my lack of study skills kicked my ass during freshman year of college. College courses were far more interesting, though, so I ended up doing well. Now have a master's. 

I just didn't see the point of trying in high school and, frankly, life turned out just fine. 
$C: Yep, found my second reddit account.
$C: Somehow I was able to be the latter and also graduate highschool as valedictorian. It probably helped that literally all the teachers pulled homework off the internet where some google-fu could lead to the answer keys. Combine with dual enrollment at a local community college and it made for an extremely easy highschool experience where I also graduated with 30 college credits.
$C: So frustrating how teachers would say, "It's only 45 minutes of homework! Stop complaining!" 

Yeah, you do know I have 7 classes per day right? 

They seem to think their class is the only one you have.

Thankfully college professors were better about this.
$C: Especially with extra curriculars. 
$C: I seriously never ended up with much homework in high school. It was really weird to me, because I had friends with a shit ton of busy work all the time, but most of my assignments were either relatively quick, or not for a grade but just for the sake of extra practice. Most "homework" was basically just studying, and I mostly got away with cramming for shit. I think I mostly just got lucky with reasonable teachers 
$C: But did you actually do 2 hours per subject? Teachers often tell you to study but who actually does that? I remember our homework was always due in a few days or a week. I'd just save it all up until the last day and even then, it's pretty quick to do most of the time. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: I used to have anxiety about being sick because of how much work I would be forced to make up... When I was 9. 
$C: I would say average 8/9 hour days of very solid work (mental not physical)
$C: That’s 26 k a year minimum which is above the poverty threshold for a family of 4. No adult is working that to survive they’re working that to live more comfortably. 
$C: Where on earth are you having 4.5 hour school daya
$C: My School day was 8 to 3 with an 30 minute lunch so 6.5 hours. Literally 4 hours of homework between math and English alone.
$C: >Most school barely are 4.5 hours a day.

Uhh what? That's just not correct. At all. 
$C: Schooled in australia, 8 hours every weekday, compulsory sport on saturdays usually half a day. 

Where the fuck is school barely 5hrs a day?
$C: Nope, 8-4 with a 30-50 minute lunch depending on the day.

Plus then sports from roughly 4-6 depending if we had a game it could be as late as 7/8.

Then add in 1-2 hours of homework.


$C: Where are you getting this from? Starting in Elementary to now (Senior yr. of HS) I've had at least a 7 hour school day every year.
$C: Lol what? Most schools in the US are 7ish hours a day, plus homework and in many cases extracurricular activities like clubs and sports, plus a job if you’re in high school. From what I’ve heard, it’s like this in plenty of other countries. So either you live somewhere with an unusual school system or you’re talking out of your ass. My money’s on the latter.
$C: 7:45-3:45 is 8 hours. Students get 30 minutes for lunch and 20 minutes for recess. I will spot you the extra 10 minutes for lining up, getting books, whatever, that gives you 7 full hours. Many of my students had working parents so were often at school from 6:30a-6:30p, giving them 12 hours in our school building, keep in mind that 5-8 year olds need 10-12 hours of sleep each day. We are getting outpaced because it is a numbers game, when you have 10 times the population, your top 10 percent is 10 times larger as well. 
$C: Wut
Mine was 7 hours a day Monday-friday 
$C: The only way someone is getting away with a 4.5hr day in high school is if they:

1. Leave half day to go to a vocational school for the other half of the day
2. Leave half day to go to work through the Co-Op program
3. Leave half day and take classes at night school (at students own pace)

I don't know if these are options in every school district, but in NJ it is. Either way, you're still technically in school for more than 4.5hrs/day. And you're accountable for completing all credits to graduate.

Edit: Options 1 & 2 are only for Junior and Seniors (11th & 12th grade) Option 3 has some gray areas.
$C: I'm a teacher and I work a 7.5 hour workday 
$C: Countries that are renowned for their happy, healthy adult populations...... wait...... 
$C: The funny thing I find is that when I had this conversation with my nan who grew up in the 30s-40s she thought my 3-4 hours a night of homework were insanity. She even commented on the mental health effects of such long hours (given ~7 hours of school day). 

Edit: I should mention this is an Australian school, and an Ozzy as nan.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Our generation of up hill in the snow both ways
$C: “...uphill both ways... in the snow!”
$C: My grandma was a teacher her whole working life in Ohio. She received never ending amounts of bullshit flak, even through retirement, for not assigning homework because she didn't believe in it. She was loved by all of her students and hated by the faculty for it. 
$C: "Yes again! This story every single DAY!" 
$C: “Now listen here fucker I just handed you a crisp $80 bill to go towards your Xbox 13 so you’re gonna listen to my bullshit about my harder childhood and how easy you rat bastards have it”

“Sigh. Ok grandpa”

“Yeet” *dabs*

$C: I don't believe that you had 3-4 hours of homework per day.
$C: And WE LIKED IT! 
$C: “In my day we did 3 to 4 hours of homework after school AND played outside for the same amount. Then after supper, we got a good 12 hours of sleep before waking up at 4 AM to walk 5 miles to school uphill both ways.”
$C: And walk to school 5 miles through snow uphill, both ways.
$C: I had the same problem, but it was because I was "too dumb" to finish my homework quickly. Especially those 60 math problems a night. I don't miss middle school. I think school gave me anxiety.
$C: Interesting theory... I too was pressured into a more advanced education path. They forced me to go to a choice STEM school. 

Freshmen year I burned out already, I even failed physics. Although I have a sneaking suspicion it's because me and my friends made memes of my teacher; he didn't grade my final which would have put me at a C. 

Then sophomore year I completely bombed, only passed physics and engineering. And engineering I passed with flying colors.

My parents were uptight assholes and when my dad started aggressively yelling at me and threatening me I had a weird panic attack where my muscles violently contracted and my vision blurred and dimmed. I'm glad it happened because it was a massive wake up call for my parents. I think they deny they caused it, but they not only let me transfer to a public school, they mellowed way down and gave me nearly total independence. To the point where I'd constantly run out of money for lunch because they'd rather I'd get a job to pay for lunch.

I'm glad they changed that way. Junior year I realized what I wanted to do, and senior year I chose it. 
$C: Yeah, imagine expected to be in those classes and then not allowed to spend the time needed to do the homework. No fucking wonder I kept falling asleep in class. No one believed 4-6 hours of homework were the norm, so I would have to wait until everyone was asleep to do my homework or fail. I ended up just balancing it to get C's and stayed grounded in highschool. 
$C: Man that's the complete opposite of my gifted experience. :( my gifted program (3rd - 8th) focused intensely on hands-on activites and field trips to get special experience with different things such as wildlife (I live in TN), arts, music, medicine, etc. 
$C: High school courses can certainly be compressed quite a bit. See college summer classes compared to high school classes. At high school, a class will meet 50 minutes 5 days a week for 36 weeks. The same class as a college summer course will meet 4 days a week for 50 minutes for 7 weeks (with finals being the 7th week). 

The problem is most high schoolers don't have the maturity to handle the 7 week version. It doesn't have busy work, so that means you actually have to do the work and read the textbook to keep up. If you don't, then you'll get hopelessly behind fast.
$C: Agreed. Children this age are largely unable to gain any benefit from unnecessarily heavy work loads, and will likely only make them disdain the hard work required to get through life in later years.

Exactly what happened to me. Partly, at least. 
$C: What about the discipline that doing homework creates? I find that the older you get the harder it is to develop consistent habits. 
As much as I hated homework, I thing it teaches discipline and dedication, plus time management
$C: Over all i disagree. I have learning disabilities all my classes except for one was all normal population. Homework took me hours longer then my peers (except for a few subjects). In elementary school and middle school my memories outside of school are of struggling with homework. In high school things were a bit better but it was still common for me to stay up late to try and  finish up homework. Thank God my teachers knew i wasn't slacking off and got a lot of slack because of that. By junior year of high school I was burnt out from all the homework and it caused me to resent working hard because it only got me more work with a tighter deadline and more and more stress. College killed me mentally and emotionally from all the reports and papers to the point I'm pretty sure the stress is what gave me cancer.
$C: >I believe homework has its place in some capacity as students get older

I agree, but only up until I was around 14 when exams started to matter and homework got in the way of revising for exams. I actually enjoyed a lot of research style homeworks we did before that, especially for lessons like geography
$C: You’re correct.  And most research would back you up on your feeling.  I’m a principal and have been fighting this battle for a while now.
$C: I agree with you for the most part. One thing I will add is that there are some situations where some work at home in elementary school is needed. I'll use myself as an example. 

When I was little I sucked at spelling. I mean I was really bad, failed every single spelling test bad. This confused my teachers and parents becuase I was voracious reader and had no issues with that and did really well in every other subject but spelling just didn't click. For a while they had me stay in at recess to work one on one with a teacher but they pretty quickly saw that wasn't a long term solution. So from 1st - 6th grade I had to spend atleast half an hour drilling spelling with my folks and as I got older I progressed up to just writing a spelling list out 10-20 times every day. 

I know that's kind of a special case but I don't think daily homework is universally hurtfully to children, especially if it's reasonable and targeted on a specific problem area.
$C: Fuck it, I teach high school and have this same policy. Kids have 6 classes a day. Even if each teacher only gives 30 min of hw, that's an extra 3 hours on top of 7 hours in school and any extra curriculars. Kids in my class routinely only get 4-5 hours a sleep a night and if I give them homework the ones who actually need it are either not going to do it or copy it. I don't see the point.
$C: What about sight words for elementary school kids?  My kids seem to benefit from taking time outside of school to learn them. 
$C: How can I present this to a teacher?
$C: The advantage is simply not worth it compared to what young kids are losing when asked to give up so much of their time to rote academics. Learning Calculus a year early isn't as important overall as it says to have a healthy appreciation for and ability to manage and enjoy your free time. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: To be honest some homework should be given it does not improve performance but it does improve responsibility..
$C: > The skills that are practiced with daily homework are not skills that matter in any capacity at that age

Right, those skills are useful later in life. That's literally what school is, it prepares kids to become adults
$C: For them as might be confused, /u/ADarkSpirit is basically replaying what combined review of academic studies tell us (across many many years). There is some evidence that _moderate_ homework improves understanding and performance in high school, and *maybe a little* in middle school, but not at all in elementary school. 
$C: Then trying to decide who did their own homework or who “had a busy evening so we just did it for him”. 
$C: In Asia kids kill themselves when their mental health declines, in America the kids kill each other. 

There's a problem and we're trying to fix it. 
$C: There's no correlation between homework assignment and a countries education ranking.

Stop peddling pseudoscience
$C: The most comprehensive study on what actually improves student performance is easily "Visible Learning" by Hattie (2009). It combines the results of 800 metastudies. Read a summary of that and see if homework does much and what actually helps. 
$C: I don’t have children and I’m 110% in favor of this teacher. Probably because I’m entering my final year of college and know well by now that while there is work to do in college, it doesn’t nearly require the hours of work I had to do from 6th grade to 12th grade to prepare for it.
$C: I think that’s a different animal. I know in our high school, there’s more expectation of covering material independently then building on that in a classroom setting, more like colleges and universities do. And more complex subjects that have to be taught and explained by a teacher will require a student taking what was taught and expounding on it and practicing it on their own. 
$C: You can't do this in high school. High school students need to be prepared for college if they're going to go, and they *will* have homework in college. You can't expect a kid to succeed in college, where they will potentially have 10-20 page papers and other major projects to do, if they have never had homework before.
$C: As a former high school student from another country (so my experience might be very different from american students because of how our school systems work), the amount of homework during the 5 years I stayed in my high school decreased as the years went by: the only actual homework that we got was in maths, physics, english grammar (and some questions in english literature) and latin, because you had to exercise for these things and better the way you approached them, so in a way I agree that in those subjects homework was necessary, but for example by the time I was in the fourth and fifth year I almost exclusively concentrated on studying every other subject, for example literature, philosophy, history and similar were subjects where all we had to do was study and find (or better) our learning methods
$C: I think you have to also consider the way things are taught is so completely different now. And that does have a huge impact on retention of the material. 
$C: In our district, homework grades had been a very small percentage of the overall grade, only 10% of the final grade came from homework.  So those easy 100’s weren’t haven’t a lot of impact. The most important grades were tests, quizzes, and projects. So by removing homework grades stayed the same so testing of comprehension of material showed there was no ill effect of not having homework. 

No homework and comprehension of material wasn’t changed in a negative way. 
$C: > So my third graders do have a reading log

This is what I do for second grade. I believe reading at home is important and I like the responsibility of the reading log. 

$C: Half my college professors don’t check homework. I know this because I turn in homework all the time online with it being blank and get a 100. Sometimes I’ll type in all the questions and that’s it.
$C: > Source: fifteen years of listening to fellow teachers brag how they don’t even check the very homework they assign.

I want to slap a few people now, especially this one guy who made it his mission to give out as much homework as possible.
$C: 

I’ve always thought reading logs were great. It does teach responsibility but it isn’t a stressful thing and it doesn’t have to take much time in the evenings. 
$C: I'm not sure if you've seen [this](https://today.duke.edu/2006/09/homework_oped.html) 

It seems to indicate positive correlation with homework and academic performance. The correlation is weakest at a younger age though.
$C: Yes, but how do you engage parents to help when little Sam cant figure outX and you have 26 other kids who are moving onto Y?

Homework checking is the only way for parents to monitor progress.

Every kid struggles at something...
$C: I stopped bothering with Holiday Homework after the time I saw my teacher take our homework, place it in the cupboard, and return it to us the very next day from the same cupboard, untouched.
$C: Been a teacher for a few years and I've been doing exactly this. Reading every day is the only thing that's important as that makes you a good enough reader to be able to do your own research and catch up quickly if you fall behind on regular schoolwork.

Fluency in reading with an extensive vocabulary is basically the most important skill you learn in school.
$C: I was a voracious reader until I started having to log it. Took all the joy out of it for me. 
$C: Some teachers grade only certain problems, lessening the grading on them or their grad student.
$C: Most students know, and usually just write utter bullshit just to pad the word count and make it look correct

Source: Am student
$C: [deleted]
$C: Prepare lessons for middle schoolers? What's there to prepare lol. Not only it's very basic stuff, but it's very basic stuff that didn't change from last year.
$C: Ok I love the idea you have with your account, but if I could make a few suggestions: first, improve your grammar so things flow more naturally. If English isn't your first language, stick to doing it in your first language so it's a novelty for people who speak your language, or work to improve your English skills (no offense with that statement, English is my second language too). Make things more natural, your current comments kinda sound forced. 
$C: watt?
$C: Maybe you weren't a very good teacher.
$C: Keyword: Was 
$C: >I was a teacher 



>that shit is easy.

No ya weren't.
$C: Good bot
$C: Michael Cohen could have used you several years ago.
$C: omg, it’s u/Marmite_Badger im a big fan
$C: James McGill does not like this.
$C: this also makes it easier to ignite, right?

asking for a friend
$C: The school she's in is worse, that '10 cent printout' reminded me, they have this online class thing for spelling and Math that every other student can see and the ones that do good get a certificate in front of the whole school, so it became like a competition to just repetitively complete things to get points to get certificates. lol
$C: That's basically how it goes. I'm not going to make my kids who are in elementary school bend over backwards for homework, especially when I know they know the content already. I just send them an email saying that we have X activity and it runs late on whatever day, so my kid won't be turning in homework that day and offer to have them do it over the weekend or something. 
$C: At my son's school if you don't finish your summer homework packet you are excluded from a beginning-of-the-year party with popsicles and shit. I HATED making my son do homework over vacation, but I didn't want him to have to do worksheets while other kids had fun. Sucks too because some teachers he's had have regular class parties that exclude kids who have behavior problems - it's supposed to be an incentive, but I always felt bad for the kids who clearly had home or psychological issues who had to sit in the hall while the other kids watched a movie or whatever.
$C: Technically no they don't.

But imagine being the one kid in class who never has homework and your teacher always asks you where it is. After a year, I imagine that could be pretty damaging to a 6 year old. Obviously the teachers fault in this case but I imagine that's what would happen if a teacher was archaic enough to act in such a way.

Plus, the school district you're in has a lot of power. Enough tardiness or other bad behavior and your child could get suspended or expelled and you may have to get them to another district. If that district expects your kid to do most of the homework you may find yourself dealing with all kinds of hassles with the school.
$C: The double kick in the nuts is, i'm separated from her mother, who she lives with, the mother doesn't understand any of the homework, so when my daughter comes to stay with me, we do all the homework. 
$C: *shitting
$C: I read this as "She's fucking 6, she should be spending the holidays partying and shit." 
$C: There's no reason a 6 year old shouldn't be doing maths in some of their home time. 

That most parents don't know where to start with teaching a 6 year old maths is quite a problem though. 
$C: The holidays part
$C: You mean a bunch of wasted (read: free) time that could be better used doing inane bullshit that they won’t remember by the time class starts again?

My second-grade teacher pulled the same shit for summer break, and I promptly tossed that shit in the garbage.
$C: Teachers understand. Look at the other parents and the administrators. Teachers don’t want to deal with summer work or homework any more than parents do. 
$C: I would say kids shouldn't take a 2 month break from practicing their reading skills.
$C: Nope, the first day she came, I opened her back pack and took out this envelope full of papers and was like What the hell is all of this?

Then she said 'there's more in there', and took out more homework 'packs' and books. 

I think the teacher must have went through a whole forest worth of paper for all the kids in the class. 
$C: I'm just surprised a 6 year old is expected to read full books. 
$C: This is all a complete fabrication by the OP so dont worry about it
$C: This school every day, 

Read 1 book.
Do a few pages of homework.
Complete a set page in their work book
Do math homework
Do spelling homework

Go online and complete Mathletics homework, Spelladrome homework. 

Then they have the added pressure of everyone else in the class seeing all the points each student gets on each of these, competing and getting certificates in front of the whole school. 

That's a 'normal' day's homework. They occasionally get extra stuff to do. 
$C: Git learnt ya fuck
$C: I've been tempted to do that, i'm not really pushing her to finish it all, because she actually want's to learn other things and i'm trying to teach her, but with homework she get's bored of doing so much when she'd rather just spend 'quality time' with her dad, learn what she wants and read what ever books she wants to read. lol.

I can understand there are kids out there that probably would benefit from all of this, but honestly, when she's with me we do a lot and i try to teach her all kinds of things. The homework they send is so repetitive, boring and feels like it's just way too easy. 

Nothing worse then having to complete hundreds of pages of boring, repetitive stuff that isn't even interesting to you. 
$C: I can see it in her when she starts doing it, she just get's bored with it real quick and it's just like trying to finish it as quick as possible. 

I've just been trying to encourage and help her learn things that she actually wants to learn about. Doesn't leave much time for all the 'homework' and boring books they set. 

She loves to read loads of books, just not the ones the school send her with. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: You probably don't have kids, wait till you see the shit tonne of homework they get now. 


$C: Yeah this sounds completely made up. This panders so hard. "She wants to spend quality family time and learn other things" Maybe if this was for summer vacation. But still.
$C: Yea, we got the summer holidays, 6 weeks, but I have it split (or supposed to) with the ex alternating weeks. 
$C: lol, i actually enjoy doing it with her, i think she enjoys the small amounts they give daily because it means she can spend at least an hour with me after school.

I think about the only 'homework' i used to get in Junior school was to learn 10 words in a week and think they used to give those books to read, think they where called Ginn books or something like that. 

But that was about it, i'm really surprised by the amounts they give now, really dreading how much she will have to do when she goes to Secondary School!  
$C: In school we where forced to do our course on a book called 'An Inspector Calls'. Has to be the most boring thing I ever partially read. 

Needless to say I didn't exactly pass that well in the English coursework. It pretty much put me off of books for ages, until a few years ago.

I never used to read books until i heard about this one that really took my interest, it was called 'Shamed: The Honour Killing That Shocked', going from never reading a book to reading that thing in 3 days, i couldn't put it down.

Ever since then i've bought probably 100 books, all kinds, biographies, novels, Graphic novels etc. Some are really good and I can read them all day, others I just relist on ebay. lol 

I don't know why schools have to insist on keeping boring books alive, they create such a negative atmosphere around books and reading. 
$C: The first comment was about a 6 year old. One book over a winter break is not exactly an insane demand on a high schooler.
$C: Unless your teacher wants you to read a book written in the extinct Gothic language, I don’t really see the problem there. Is it a specific book, or do you just have to find a “gothic novel”? 
$C: How horrible
$C: Just read the blurb at maybe skim the wikipedia page, you'll get pretty much all the information you need and save a load of time.
$C: Percentage of students that will actually read it: 0. 
$C: I'd recommend Dracula.
$C: I was in AP English my sophomore and junior years of high school. My senior year comes around and a full month before school started I got a homework packet in the mail from the new AP English teacher that she expected to get done by the first day of class. I threw that shit right in the garbage and changed to regular English on the first day. No way I'm going for that nonsense.
$C: Don't worry, I'm autistic so I went to school all my life and was still interpersonally behind! Still am!
$C: Honestly, the bs bullying stuff ends pretty quickly when you get to college and everyone’s brains become mature enough to develop things like empathy and self worth. 
$C: Honestly, the main reason I want my kid in school is for social skills and "daycare". I care very little for the education which I'm sure I'll find lacking in quality due to multiple reasons: underfunded public school systems, demotivated underpaid teachers, inadequate curriculum and so on.

I have simply accepted the fact that a lot of the "formal" education will have to happen at home.
$C: My mom made sure that I do all kinds of extracurricular stuff outside of homeschool. Doctor would occasionally check to make sure our social skills were okay. Mom would list stuff and eventually the doctor stopped asking because we always had more than enough
$C: Feel the same way. I had the same type of homeschooling from 6-8th grade, but I think it only really worked because I was ahead 2 grades in math when I left school, since that's not really something you just pick up from reading books and stuff. But yeah, I felt socially behind as well. We had some friends and stuff we hung out with sometimes, but it isn't the same as constant interaction every day.
$C: I also homeschooled from 2nd-6th grade and it put me way ahead of my peers academically. The issue I had was making friends and getting involved in other activities. I was lucky and already had some neighborhood friends, but being the new kid was a little difficult.

We did have big homeschool groups, but unfortunately most of the kids were really strange and I mostly stuck with my cousins at the events. 
$C: My kids are homeschooled and they get bullied all the time. Fuckin nerds.
$C: Going to differ here (as a teacher and an advocate for public education) but schools are terrible places to socialize children. If you’re socializing young animals you put them with mature animals so they learn how to be.  You don’t socialize them with other unsocialized babies.  You want a child to learn how to socialize like an adult, schools are awful at that.  Opportunities to socialize with adults in safe settings are far more beneficial. 
$C: Can second this.  Was homeschooled till I was 11.  When I stepped into public school, i was smart and awkward as fuck.  I was at least used to bullying from some of the neighbor kids while I was homeschooled but it took me a solid year to, very luckily, get adopted as a friend by a kind soul.

Spent the next 4 years getting 100% marks without even trying because homeschooling put me so far ahead (it helped that my mum had an education degree and experience as a teacher, so she was good at it).  By the time I hit stuff that I didn't know, I had absolutely zero study skills.
$C: Same. Homeschooled all the way through high school and was ages ahead of my peers once I was in college. Unfortunately it took until I was 21 to finally figure out social cues etc. I’m great at it now though and really don’t regret my education at all. Perspective takes years if it’s done right.



That being said once I was in college I simply told everyone I went to public school to try and reinvent myself. These days I’m old and that was so long ago the stigma doesn’t really stick the way it used to.
$C: Hey parents. If you want schools to not have to cut corners like this, maybe consider voting for candidates who actually support funding schools. Just a thought.
$C: Well, duh...

If you're working a minimum wage job (or close to it) like most of us, and you gotta tell your boss to switch your schedule around, because if you drop down to four days you'll lose your house or car.

Then, yeah, parents can get a bit panicky.
$C: Personally, I think school is more about learning social dynamics than it is about learning about the basics. Learning to read, write, and think critically about a subject are important skills. Basic scientific knowledge is very important for understanding the way things work in life. And math is pretty important for most job positions and hugely important for others.

With that said, most of the time these things are only barely being taught. A lot of time is spent giving attention to one kid, then another, then another, all on the same topic. If you were being taught these subjects one on one (like with a parent) you'd be much better off. 

The problem is a classroom is composed of multiple kids, so the teacher is constantly trying to reiterate the same exact lesson a dozen times because not every kid got it the first time, but many of them *did*.

Kids will retain the stuff they find interesting, and the things their peers find interesting. The rest will just fall into the void. But learning to deal with social interaction is huge. Adult life isn't highschool, but a lot of major dynamics from Highschool are pervasive in regular life.

I think public school is good for kids, not because of the subject material, but because of the interaction with other kids and the general life lessons of growing up around other people rather than regularly isolated to the two adult individuals who make up most of your social interaction.
$C: > a school district in the US just went to four days a week

Hey, I think this is a great idea.  Just convince my boss to also go to a reduced hour workweek while paying the same amount, and I'll be on board with it.  

Until then, friendly reminder that it's dangerous to leave kids home alone, and it's also illegal in my state.  Also I'm not sure what kind of daycare offers a one day a week schedule for a reasonable price. 
$C: Unfortunately even if it's just glorified day care, the reality is that a whole lot of families do actually require that service in some form or another, because it's much rarer now for any single job to pay enough to support an entire family so both parents have to work full time.
$C: Correct, because of the near necessity for both parents to work all day to support a family and pay for daycare.  Wait a minute!  System's fucked, yo
$C: Source?
$C: Damn that's $1500 per month, or $12000/year assuming 8 months of school.

Edit: nope. I'm leaving it though because it's so bad it's funny.
$C: It's a world of difference when you're instructing 1 or 2 kids per class than it is 25...when you have 1 paper or quiz to grade versus 25...
$C: I agree with this. It is why I think it is rediculous that public school zealots will say things like “who are you to think you can do a better job than a trained teacher”. Ok, well, someone with only one kid. Second, have you met these people? Have you been to their classes? The whole thing is layer after layer of formality to give the illusion of control. The fact is, the system succeeds with some kids and completely fails others. It’s just people, sometimes good and smart, doing what they can. Their training probably helps them teach efficiently so they can handle large classes and resolve conflicts. But even if you’re doing it “wrong”, you can probably teach a kid 1 on 1 more efficiently than a trained teacher can do 1 on 30.
$C: I was 100% homeschooled all my life. Like from age 0-18. If you have the means and the ability to stay home and homeschool your son, I would definitely say to do it. I am going into my sophomore year of university and have so far pretty easily maintained a 4.0 and am pretty much thriving at school, and all my homeschool friends have had a similar experience.

Make sure your son learns social skills, but besides that, homeschooling is amazing. I had a great experience with it and really appreciate parents that put in the work to homeschool their kids. If you have any questions for someone that was homeschooled their whole life, let me know!
$C: I can tell you from a reliable source that it's extremely possible to go to public school and still have terrible social skills. It's more about the social life of your parents than anything, I think. 
$C: Most of the socially stunted homeschoolers are that way not because they lacked opportunity for social experience, but because their parents were unwilling to let them associate with anyone that wasn't carefully curated to meet their social standards. Similar political/religious beliefs, similar temperaments, etc. They grow up either not socializing because no one met their parents' requirements, or only socializing in an echo chamber. Both scenarios leave the kids unable to cope with normal social situations.

Source: homeschooled from 5th grade through graduation. Knew many homeschoolers. They all thought normal conversation centered on right wing talk radio and the biblical reasoning for why transformers was a movie for hell-goers. Only survived and came out ok on the other side because my family went to a church with an awesome youth program and I met and hung out with all kinds of people. Probably went to more school dances than anyone had any right to. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: People keep saying this. My sister and I were homeschooled. Made lots of friends. The only thing missing from our lives was useless busy work and having to deal with shitty high school drama. Had lots of free time, got to do lots of field trips, have hobbies, etc. Loved it. My mom was a good teacher and my math tutor was fantastic. 
$C: The whole “homeschool kids are socially retarded” stigma really needs to end. Have you ever even met a home schooled kid or are you just talking out of your ass? My money’s on the latter.
$C: I loved vocational school. One week classes, one week learning a trade.. Not much time for bs busy work.. And I got to spend a week getting my hair and nails done.. (went on to college for a degree in biology)
It made life so nice
$C: There are Home school groups now, where the kids learn to socialize. 
$C: I feel like the most helpful thing about learning through online resources is that you can pause and rewind. There were so many times in class that I would get stuck on a step and would be too embarrassed to ask the professor to go back. 
$C: It just makes so much more sense. You only need one person to teach the concept well one time and you're set.

The only merit there is to other forms of teaching are how you can adapt them specifically to best fit a group of students... but it's not like professors are really customizing the content for their specific group of students, most of the time it's just a pile of nameless faces.
$C: >Just watched those to learn and did hw problems and got an A while saving hours. I think most professors suck, and I've relied on textbooks instead if there weren't online resources.

One of the major barriers of STEM proficiency for most is that there is a very lopsided distribution from varying fields.

That is, if you get a doctorate in English, going into academia is pretty coveted. It's certainly possible to make more, but it's overall a good deal.

If you are a brilliant chemist, teaching is kind of bottom barrel, moneywise. There's just so many lucrative options you kind of have to *want* to teach, or at least do research, to find yourself there. 

So, overall, your liberal arts teachers were some of the best at what they do, and your STEM teachers were generally not.
$C: It makes me wonder why we don't have more teachers, actually. Not everyone's parents have time to stay home with them. I was also homeschooled, and I believe I was so far ahead when I joined a public highschool because of the individual attention and personally tailored lesson plans I received. Teachers with 30+ students don't have a chance at providing an adequate level of attention.
$C: Schools need to be targeted at the lowest common denominator of their students. Exceptional children are not the standard. The role of a teacher is to make sure that *everybody* in the class is able to learn the required material.
$C: I knew a few kids that were homeschooled in elementary and middle school. They were a bit sheltered but their social skills were fine. They were enrolled in a bunch of different things like scouts, team sports, and a band so they weren't exactly cut off.
$C: As someone that was homeschooled, I’m sorry you were downvoted. It’s a legitimate question, and you have to make sure to go out of your way to have your kids socialized!
$C: Can you be my teacher
$C: Completely agree, usually it's students just not having good time management. That being said there is the occasional absolute shit of a teacher who doesn't give a shit about your social life.
$C: This. So much this. 
$C: Can confirm all my classmates in my culinary arts class were like this throughout my 12th grade year. Entire class period was talking and playing "slope" on our Chromebooks and not getting anything done then not even doing it as homework. Completed every assignment 3-4 weeks after it was due and still got 100s on everything because if the teacher actually gave out zeros she would've literally failed the entire class
$C: Maybe you need a more engaging lesson. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: Just to clarify it is 1-2hours of hw TOTAL right? The way my teachers/professors assign hw is 1-2hours of hw per class as if they are the only class that matters.
$C: So OP's image is blatantly wrong, and homework can improve student performance.
$C: I don’t understand. So students shouldn’t be expected to read books at all? I read almost all the books I read as a kid outside of class, and 99% of those were assigned reading. I would have read maybe 15 books by 18 if we didn’t have assignments. 
$C: I feel like it’s hard to separate ‘time spent on hw’ vs ‘amount of hw assigned’ vs ‘amount of hw completed.’

In the data you link to, its time spent.

But some students can do hw in 30 minutes (top students) that take others 3 hours (struggling students).

This may explain why some students who spend less time test better?
$C: I'd like to add "Visible Learning" by Hattie (2009), combining 800 metastudies. It concludes that homework has a very small effect that is negligible according to Hattie's criteria (everything under d=.4 has a low / negligible effect, homework is at d=. 29, whereas for example constructive evaluation of students is at d=.9 or systematic cooperation with parents is at d=.5).
$C: And those high schoolers need the self discipline of doing homework to be able to get to that achievement level. So while homework may not have correlation to success at the elementary level, I'm willing to bet there is a correlation between their levels of self discipline in doing homework once they get to high school. I feel like nobody is talking about or considering this.
$C: I mean It didn't help me at all. It just pissed me off that I had to waste 2 hours of my free time on school b.s.. 
$C: I also needed the time and space to do work alone in the quiet. Especially in math. Even if we had class time, i preferred doing the work at home.
$C: It’s even more important in elementary schools! Almost all the homework in the early grades in elementary schools is to help foster reading. The homework in my school is usually a 5-10 min activity and to read a book at night. Many kids are not reading enough outside of school and many times parents aren’t reading with them. Teachers usually only meet with a student to read (in a small group) a few times a week for 15 mins. It may not seem like a lot, but that’s how teaching goes. We have to teach every single subject to every single child. There is just not enough time in the day to dedicate more time to each individual student. If a kid doesn’t get it, teachers just have to move on and revisit the issue later (if time permits).  Let me give y’all a hint...teachers usually don’t have extra time. With that being said, we need the parents help to work individually with the child to help them progress (especially if they are behind in reading level expectations). So this homework isn’t just for the students benefit, it’s also a way to get the parents involved in their child’s progress in school.

With that being said, I do like this post. I think it’s good for the students to take relevant weekly work home. The students should already know how to do it and should be able to complete it on their own. If they don’t finish, parents will realize that the student is either A. goofing off/not focusing or B. struggling and needs help. Once again, hopefully this will push parents to get involved and help their kids understand when maybe they didn’t get it the first time at school.

So if you have kids, read with them and do HW with them every once in a while. You have no idea how much you can help them (especially in elementary). 
$C: I mean I dunno... my school wasn't super heavy on the homework, but I almost never did my homework in hs, and managed to graduate with an average over 90%, was asked to speak at grad, etc. However, I absolutely did not learn time management skills. 

Now, as an adult, I am getting more comfortable with my time management skills and feel they are sufficiently developed - which started by being forced on me through work, and not having everything blocked out for me like a school-day schedule. I wish I had gotten those skills sooner,  but am very very sure I would not have gotten them from more homework (that I already wasn't doing). It might work for some students, but not all. 

I think time management is a parent thing. Teach your kid how to get up and out of the house in the morning, boom - time management practice.  That is something my parents kind of glazed over and I was late a lot for school, and something I continued to struggle with into university and after.  I am glad to say I am now in recovery from my chronic lateness, and that I probably hated being late as much as everyone around me hated me being late, but I still feel bad about it.

Sorry for the total ramble haha this really got me thinking!
$C: I never did homework in high school, only the major projects.  I found that homework was worth such a small portion of my grade that studying and devoting time to major projects was a far more productive use of time.  They should have never broken down how our grades were tabulated, as only the idiots would bust their asses for 5% overall.
$C: >I feel

That's all well and good, but feelings really don't matter in this discussion. 
$C: I would imagine it may be hard to start a habbit of homework after 8 years of not doing that.
$C: I had a math class where the teacher would only look at the assignment number at the top of the paper in order to verify it was completed.

So I naturally just erased the number for the previous assignment and wrote in the currently due number.  

Got an A!
$C: Oh but you know there is that one Asshole that has to remind the teacher in the beginning. 
$C: I've never felt more pressure in my life. That first five minutes where you have to try and not look like you are doing the homework, while simultaneously making sure you do enough of it to look like you did it!

That or just trying to pass off the last day's classwork as your homework.
$C: In my day we kept an unformatted 3.5" floppy disk in our pockets and if we'd forgotten homework we'd wave it at the teacher and say one of

"I brought my homework in on this disk, I'll print it out at lunchtime and hand it in then" then do it at lunch

or

"I brought my homework in on this disk, but it's corrupted, I'll print it out at home tonight and give it to you tomorrow" then do it that evening
$C: The golden mine was having two periods of science and your teacher only collecting it at the end of the two periods. Great times. 
$C: I call that proclasstinating
$C: My filipina mom used to sit down and watch me do it and wouldn't leave until it was all done and correct. Then in high school I didnt do any homework at all
$C: This is the realest shit I’ve ever read on reddit, my mom is Filipino and literally once set up something with a teacher for me to teach the class a lesson because of how well I was doing in the class...
$C: mine literally made me math worksheets in the summers and over break.
$C: that's how you end up pretending to do your homework when you've already done it at school 
$C: And I thought Asians were ball busting 
$C: It may teach that to some, but it may also teach you how to cheat the requirements like it did for me. I bs'ed my way through everything that was thrown at me because I didn't like the tone my mom decided to take with how I needed to "put in way more effort". I'm an A/B  student. Go fuck yourself mom.
$C: SCHOOL IS SO EASYYY
$C: Gonna take a wild guess that he’s Asian and is speaking from personal experience rather than making a racist comment. Especially since “Pham” is in his username. 
$C: Lighten up
$C: Me so solly 
$C: "Its about time."
$C: Responsibility, accountability, time management and risk taking skills( will the teacher check today)

Also at least in the sciences, homework is essential for getting your brain used to quick math and numbers 
$C: What did  they say to your mom after that ?
$C: >Non-US universities don't require nearly as much insight into life outside of school as US universities do.

True. My university’s favourite non-school life thing about me was that I showed up on time on the first day and gave them the money. I’m pretty sure they didn’t give a fuck about school life anyway. Some of the biggest idiots I went to high school with got in.
$C: Here in India there's a running joke:

"How best can I prepare my child in middle school for IIT?"

"Ma'am it's a little too late. If you had asked me when he was in Kindergarten I would have recommended a few tuition classes and coaching classes. Sadly now there's no chance!"

I have friends in 9th grade who go for at least four 1-2 hour tuition classes a week. Added to this, one sport class and one music class. This is all after school from 7:45 to 3:00. Of course these classes give homework in addition to school homework? I see my friends so detached and jaded at school because of all this stress. Then teachers yell at them for not paying attention in class and not finishing their work on time. Did I mention 20-page projects? Lab practical records? All on deadlines? 

Grow up to 10th grade and above - 'IIT/AIIMS coaching classes that's like a second school. ALLEN classes that create a 80+ hour work week for KIDS. The irony is, kids need this kind of shit to cope with the kind of syllabus we get these days.

I'm that guy who skips as much homework as he can, has no respect for project deadlines, and goes only for one piano class. For no other reason than that I'm lazy, and score 80% plus with minimum prep. (Though that won't​ last for long.)



Two wrongs don't make a right. But you guys have it a lot better than we do.



$C: The secret is not to spend 2-3 hours on sports/clubs every day.
$C: > It's funny to think that college and a career actually seem to be a relief compared to the time and effort spent in high school.

Oh man, you’re in for a real treat buddy
$C: Extracurriculars are important when a child really wants to do something, not just for the sake of being “well-rounded”...problem w tests in the US is that they’re not rigorous enough nor do they properly show skills that would help students succeed. 
$C: As a rising high school senior, I feel this so hard. It’s 1:09 am right now and I’m spending the last days of my summer doing an online class and prepping for another SAT 
$C: I hear you on the “career feeling like a relief compared to school” thing.
The prospect of only working 8-9 hours, and then not having to do anything else until the next day, sounds *so* amazing by the end of college.
$C: Man humble brag time, but I got into one of the top 10 universities in the world, all I do is kickboxing twice a week and I do some Arabic on weekends. I also volunteered one hour a week in care homes where I just served food. 

But when I talk to my American friends they talk about needing a black belt in Karate before they go to college, perhaps being a captain of a football team. Like all I had to do was spin a few takes about how kickboxing = discipline and BS like that. But it's like US universities are trying to mold students into clones, in and out of the classroom.  
$C: Yeah, no. I still remember having panic attacks in middle School because I was told by my teachers that if I didn't get good grades I would not succeed in life. There was constant pressure that if you did not pass a class at a certain amount you would be utterly fucked because you couldn't get into college or ever get a job. I dislike children, but I realize that their problems are likely the worst they had ever had in their lives up to that point, and as pointless as the issues may seem to me, they actually are extremely important to the child. Children are under tons of stress with school work, learning how to socialize, and just trying to fit in.
$C: 6 hours? Where the bloody hell do you live to get 6 hours? That shit would be heaven.
$C: I hear that's straight up illegal in some countries, for what it's worth.
$C: can confirm. I tutor math for all ages and you'd be shocked how ineffective parents are at teaching topics such as subtraction with regrouping, long division, reducing fractions and converting decimals into fractions.
$C: No.
$C: Homework can be really useful to parents because it gives them the opportunity to observe their kid(s) work and can help them identify areas that need improvement, followed by 1 on 1 teaching. 

Teachers have to make sure their students develop the skills they need within a certain timeframe and with the ridiculous class sizes today and limited funding to support teachers in the classroom, they need all the help they can get from the parents. I know it's sad but that's how it is in many cases.

I know a positive outlook on school is instrumental to families and student progress, but they still have to learn the basic discipline skills that prepare them for higher levels of education. I think a small amount of homework relatively early can be beneficial in the long run.
$C: [deleted]
$C: I'm actually pretty damn good at it, at least my numbers are well above average. Homework had never seemed of value to me, and meta studies prove me right. The only reason my school still forces me to give homework is because they'd get complaints if I don't. It wouldn't hurt the students one bit. 
$C: If I didn’t have to work on homework from when I get home from school until at least one in the morning most nights, I wouldn’t hate homework as much as I do. Good homework that actually helps children learn is beneficial, and all the busy work is just a huge waste of time. Of course most kids cheat or put zero effort into their homework and do it during homeroom, even if it isn’t just the busy work. 
$C: I was in two high schools. The first one used to give me at least 5+ hours worth of homework to the point most of my free time was taken up. Most of the time the homework was a large amount of random worksheets that rarely had to do with the subject we were doing. My math teachers would give us work that was for the next chapter rather than the one we were on. The second one only gave me about an hour of homework which I found to be more beneficial since it was far more relevant to what we learned in class.
$C: This is when they learn spelling and memorize common math functions. I teach 6th grade and damn my students can’t spell anything, can’t locate the ocean they live next to on a world map, and can’t multiply or divide single digits...  that is exactly what homework is for!  

Reading, writing, and basic math is literally just practice...
$C: You are right. That's because college is fundamentally different from grade school. In college you go to a lecture where you are introduced to a topic and are expected to do most of the learning on your own, where as in grade school, especially in lower grades you do  all the learning in the classroom. 
$C: That would seem to go along with my anecdotal experience. In college and medical school it didn’t seem to matter if you attended te class so long as you busted your ass in the library studying or doing practice problems. It’s almost like adult learning is fundamentally different in some way and lecture halls are doing adults a disservice. 🤔 
$C: Yup.  As a former TA I can confirm.  I could rank the class and assign grades just based on seeing 2-3 weeks of homework and I bet I'd get 9/10 grades correct.
$C: The research being referenced here is specifically about grade school.
$C: I definitely don’t have the citations at hand (sorry) but the survey-of-research data I’ve read supports decent evidence for _moderate_ homework in high school, mild evidence for middle school, not at all for elementary. 

My _personal_ conjecture is that most teachers don’t know how to design efficient learning activities for their in-class time, and that this effect dominates. I’m not blaming them - that shit is hard, and they aren’t trained for it (especially at the college level!) so homework becomes a crutch to force students to construct knowledge on their own time. 
$C: I would imagine in college the people who compete homework generally do the extra required to be at the upper levels of the grade scale. 

The others are fine getting C's and above. What do you call a doctor that graduated with C's?

Doctor. 
$C: I mean, in high school if They don't complete their repetitive busy worksheets that doesn't mean they don't understand the material. In college, from my experience  and people I've spoken to aren't we teaching ourselves more often than not? So no homework means you're probably clueless. 
$C: Not OP, but I aggregated a lot of knowledge in the topic getting my Masters in Curriculum and Instruction.  I apologize that I don't have citations handy.

From what I recall the body of research seemed to indicate that there is a 'sweet spot' after which you get diminishing returns for each extra minute spent studying.  It maxed out at something like 10 minutes per course for High School, and less for younger kids.  At the extreme end too much homework could even make students perform worse.  Also the type of homework mattered, with the ideal being a short practice set to simply refresh/reinforce what was learned in class that day.  For example, one or two of each type of problem from a day's math lesson.  Doing five or six of each problem type didn't seem to do much more good.  And doing ten or eleven of each could actually cause students to perform worse than those that did no homework at all.  
$C: To be fair, they used the same amount of data in their response that was present in the note sent home.
$C: [deleted]
$C: He's just expressing his experience and admits that it might be different for younger learners.

I think most STEM majors here will agree that those who practice and do all the hw assigned are the ones who succeeded.
$C: Hitchen's razor at work:

"What can be asserted without evidence can be dismissed without evidence"
$C: he's not exactly claiming the source as false either. You can't jump the guy for having criticism towards the matter when the source material failed to provide any data as well.

Just because the man has a science background doesn't mean he's not allowed to contribute any anecdotal evidence or rational thought, that's where good science starts.

Additionally reddit isn't a peer reviewed journal, Scientifically minded people (actually all people) are allowed to voice opinion without needing to do an hour of research before making a post on a thread. The old saying goes: ideas submitted without evidence can be dismissed without evidence; but again, The source claim was submitted without evidence. It would be unfair to u/HaveThingsToSay to discredit his comments simply because they lacked empirical data without also discrediting the first point. 
$C: Lol there isn't a study for everything. Im a math major in college and I agree with everything he said. I really doubt there have been studies done on my particular demographic.


$C: It's interesting that you don't demand this level of rigor in any of the higher voted arguments that disagree with this view.  As someone without a math/science/stat background this seems to suggest a bit of confirmation bias in the way you're evaluating the comments here. 
$C: I recently sat through a talk by Dr. Janet Zadina, and a large part of the focus was on how repetition (practice) helps learning and memory. While much of her talk seemed to disagree with itself (likely due to imprecise language), she has tons of articles on her website from various sources about the brain and learning. So, grain of salt, but relevant. (There's not enough hours in the school day to do repeated practice on the same concepts for multiple classes)
$C: Do you really need data to know that the more you practice something, the better you are at it?
$C: dw, this is a repost, OP's child didn't get this.
$C: "found evidence of a positive correlation between homework and student achievement, meaning students who did homework performed better in school. The correlation was stronger for older students—in seventh through 12th grade"

You have it backwards. 

The asian academic culture is a perfect example of all these things, they do large amounts of extra curricular work and score higher than other races because of it but it does have negative effects. If you want your child to excel in highschool and beyond, getting them to spend time studying outside of school will show positive results.


$C: I think you're making a mistake believing that homework is mainly for absorbing knowledge. Homework does do that, but it should mainly improve problem solving and critical thinking skills. I know those are buzzwords, but consider:

For History, knowing about the Battle of Fort Sumter is important. What is even more important is understanding the circumstances that surrounded the battle. Why did it occur? What were people's feelings at the time? Could it have been prevented? How do we apply this to our current circumstances?

For English, reading alone will not make you a strong writer, which is important in many professional disciplines. You can only become proficient through practice. 

For Science, knowing the foundations is important, but breaking down an experiment into hypothesis/observations/conclusions can be utilized in many different situations.
$C: read more and write more.  The whole point of English and History worksheets is just to prove the kids did the reading and actually thought about it enough to get some basic level of understanding of it.  The whole point of writing assignments is to get kids to think more deeply than the basic surface level understanding of a topic.  If you could figure out a better and more efficient way to make kids do the reading and actually think about it both in a basic way and in a deep way, besides worksheets and writing assignments, you'd have made a huge advancement in the field of education.  But doing problems over and over again is the best way to learn Math (and all the math in Science) and reading everything you can on a topic and then writing about it is the best way to learn History or other 'soft' fields of study.  Writing something down on your own time absolutely makes you know it better; there are some educational psychologists who would say that you don't even know you know something at all until you've written it down very carefully in something at least approximating an essay format.
$C: There are skills in ELA and History that can be practiced.
$C: It's both.

Remember learning about multiplication table? Now imagine you've never remember the basic multiplication table and how difficult a simple math problem can be with you having to look up mutiplication values every step of the way.

It is the same for calculus, you have to know the fundamentals (the calculus multiplication table equivalent). The more basic steps that are ingrained in your brain, the more you can devote that brain power to actually solve the problem rather than struggling with the mechanical calculations. Every time you have to pause and think "oh what's 9x7?" , each pause disrupts your thought process.

**It's like musicians, they have to practice the basics then improvise. You can't improvise if you barely can play the instrument.**


$C: explain, i'm interested in how you come to that conclusion.
$C: And people wonder why Chinabots have much higher average earning than other typical americans.

Chinabots practice math till their eyes bleed. Gets engineering, comp sci, or bio chemistry jobs, etc. all paying high wages. 
$C: Imagine how much more time could be spent doing discussions if you did the background reading / primary source analysis at home instead of during class.
$C: What AP history? I know I’m AP World and AP US (got 5 on both) I couldn’t possible learn the many many years of history in class alone. I read a shit load out of class for both. I could see it working in Comp Govt. and Politics or maybe Human Geo but for Euro, US, or World idk. 

Maybe I just did too much work...
$C: They probably did. Teachers can complain about anything. Usually in such a way that their union imposes a stupid rule on the rest of the district.
$C: But good study habits don’t start when you get to engineering school, they start in elementary school. 

Homework may not improve their grade on standardized tests in the 4th grade, but that doesn’t mean it doesn’t serve an important purpose lifelong. Homework is just graded studying, especially in this age group where the way to study math is to practice it. 

Teachers are supposed to prepare them to be academically successful in more than just elementary school. 
$C: I think the point is that you can’t expect to be able to handle homework in an engineering school if you don’t have a foundation. I know for me my study habits that got me through school were formed at an early age, having to learn how to self study while learning difficult concepts on top of that at the age of 18 is a recipe for disaster.
$C: Didn’t your college professors send notes home to Mom and pop?
$C: I’m sorry I’m ignorant but my parents would have never done that for me. Is this common now?
$C: >  engineer grad makin bank

lol
$C: You’re not lying 
$C: I mean D is a pass in American highschool. Or at was at mine. 

It's still stupid to have well over 40% of the grade come from homework
$C: Suck it up man
$C: Silly me.  

Here I thought the purpose of a geometry class was to learn geometry not how to do busy work.  

And I thought the purpose of homework was to reinforce what we were taught in class.  

Maybe if I had done my home work I would have gotten better than perfect test scores.  

$C: Never used TNR, I rebelled and used Helvetica but never got any consequences as it was still acceptable and a more professional-looking font
$C: I'd wager, all other things being equal, the kid that does more homework will better know how to apply principles and theorems + derive useful information from math than the kid that does none due to more exposure.
$C: That's true, but it's hard to be good at applying concepts in math without being confident about the basics first. If you struggle with arithmetic, then doing algebra is going to be tedious and frustrating, even if you understand the principles behind it. 
$C: I did all my homework and my classmates that did also got great marks in those courses. People are acting like I said kids should being 5 hours of worksheets. Go into a high school, kids don't know how to spell basic words or move decimals when multiplying by tens. The practice helps.
$C: Maybe not for everyday stuff but it's definitely the building blocks for future schooling, which does matter. 
$C: They don't have books to read? 
$C: Your account is 3 days old and you've done nothing but troll.

Go back to Fancy Bear.
$C: I mean there are degrees to it obviously. How much homework, 30 minutes or two hours for one subject? Is all the material related to information currently being learned and used in class? How much of your grade does it factor into? Having to take classes for 7 hours and then coming home to have to do 2-4 more hours of work just to not fail your classes means you have only a couple hours of downtime before you sleep. That downtime includes eating your dinner, spending time with your family and if the kid is health conscious, exercise. That means in order for a child to get a healthy amount of sleep and exercise and still excel in all classes, they would have effectively  no free time for mental health outside of the weekends for about six or so years. Unless you enjoy the practice and study of whatever material you're doing, that's hell. Who the fuck works 10-12 hour days at something they don't enjoy and benefit from that?
$C: [deleted]
$C: The common theme in this thread is that it starts being helpful only later in school, around high school. Personally I'd say 7th grade is the best time to start ramping things up, but before then it's not as useful.
$C: US international test results really aren't particularly bad. The PISA results are similar to Italy and Spain. There is a lot of variation though, Massachusetts results are among the world's best.
$C: What makes you think other countries who give more homework do better? 

A lot of high scoring countries have low hw numbers.

https://amp.businessinsider.com/pisa-worldwide-ranking-of-math-science-reading-skills-2016-12

https://www.worldatlas.com/articles/countries-who-spend-the-most-time-doing-homework.html
$C: I feel like age might be a factor here if. This is a K-6 teacher I could absolutely see how research could prove this to be true. But a junior in highschool studying physics and calculus? There's just no way that they would be better off doing 4 hours of work a week versus 8. 
$C: I think it might make sense in lower elementary school, where students are developing their brains rather than learning and retaining information, but it makes no sense in a high school setting. I am a high schooler myself and I am still able to get to bed early, eat with family, etc. while still finishing HW for my classes, including 2 APs. There is simply not enough time in the day for more difficult classes to teach all the information.
$C: Did you form this opinion from your limited experience on the topic or do you actually have research to back up this claim? 

What do you know that panels of education experts and teachers don't know?
$C: Exactly m all subjects need reinforcement 
$C: Exactly my sentiments!
$C: Take it from a student that was considered gifted in elementary school, and thus, given 3-4 hours of homework every night.  The only effect it had was instil a deep resentment for institutionalized education.  
$C: You are gifted at math and clearly a minority. The majority of students will need to work at it, and it starts from young. 

Spending 30 min with your elementary school child doing homework shouldn't be a burden. I have 5 kids and speaking from experience. 
$C: Because little kids may just need the most reinforcement of those foundational skills, so they can more efficiently learn new, more advanced skills in middle and high school.
$C: Habits start young. Would you rather have an 80 year old start smoking or a 2 year old?
$C: This particular paper is for children, whose primary and only source of knowledge is most likely school and homework.
$C: Public schools have lower standards than private schools in almost all cases. taking algebra 1 at a public school is going to be easier than taking it at a private school. no shit if you did algebra 1 at a private school then you have an easier time recalling the material when you needed it in algebra 2 a few years later. 

I'm not making any claims about burning out (I think it's a very real risk for students in private schools) but if anything you are a testament to the fact that doing a bunch of homework every night makes it easier to get good grades later in life (partially because the bar is lowered when you transferred from private to public sector)

whether or not this is 'worth it' in the long run is a completely different discussion though.
$C: You dont need study skills. I slacked all of my life now im rich working in finance
$C: i think the person you're replying to means that research **does** show that repetition **does** enhance performance.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Don't forget the 10-kgs schoolbags. I do not miss this shit.
$C: Math homework was the sole reason I never got more than a low B throughout high school honestly.
$C: Without sited studies to back up this claim I'm unsure I believe it completely.  I agree there needs to be a balance, kids shouldn't do homework from 6pm to midnight, but I can't imagine a kid going through Jr High and High School without reading a novel or doing a research paper which can not be done solely within the school day.  And no studying for tests?  What kind of tests can teachers be giving kids that require no studying?  We talk about how the education system in the US isn't on par with other countries, and I think this 'no homework' stuff is part of that.  Teachers have more students in their charge than ever before, so eliminating homework helps reduce the number of items to grade, reduces the need to dicipline when assignments aren't turned in, and just makes it easier -- but the downside is that the kids aren't getting crucial skills they need.  The discipline of studying and time management is VERY important, and homework builds that.  I foresee disaster for kids who go to a 'no homework' school when they get into college or get an employer who requires time outside of the normal school or work day. 

I've read studies that show too much homework isn't good, and that I agree with, but I believe the inverse is equally bad. 

$C: Your mom.
$C: And if you want to go to college you're going to have a very hard time. You can't get an 80/90 in college without a little effort. 
$C: Lol. It's called a works cited page. Literally done on paper. SMH.
$C: I completely agree and I wish more universities used this logic. The system at my uni figured that anything you learned in the classroom you would not be tested for. Everything you would be tested for was in the book and you had to do 6 hours of studying a night between 4 classes. 

I also had to pay bills, rent, and groceries. But I'll admit, NONE of those things mattered as much as proving I have the attention span to give a fuck about dinosaurs as a business major. /s

College is a business. For revenue first and foremost. 
$C: I can't help but think some kids who never had homework in elementary/middle/high school would not adjust well once they enter high school/college and have sit down and study after school (college especially where 95% of the work is done outside of class). The content of the homework might not be important for young kids but it does help them build homework/study habits that they will need later in life. 


$C: Agreed, there’s really no reason at all to ever assign homework in elementary school (unless it’s something broad like to read a kid’s novel over a couple of week period). But in high school I think some homework is necessary. It’s only because if they stop homework altogether, kids are going to be shamefully unprepared when they get to college.

The real problem arises in high school when all 8 classes each assign 30-60 minutes of homework a night. Yeah, on it’s own it’s not that much. But all together that’s like 4-8 hours of work. After getting home from school at 4:30 (my school went from 9-4) you basically have no life until the homework is done (god forbid you have any extracurricular either).

Teachers need to understand they aren’t the only ones assigning homework for that student and maybe space it out a bit. There’s gotta be a healthy balance.

(Man, I haven’t been to high school in 12 years and just thinking about this stuff is stressing me out lol)
$C: I did 10 credit hours at a time and averaged 20-30 hours of homework per week. Graduated with top honors but it took everything I had to do it. That isn’t practical for the overwhelming majority of people. 
$C: Yeah, I have to agree with you. Practicing math is instrumental to learning it. Without math homework it would be pretty hard to learn calculus in high school. 

I think the same could be said for a select few other subjects
$C: once you hit college homework becomes much more useful in learning practical stuff then exams which aren't helpful at all but barriers to passing classes. 
$C: It's needed for certain topics. My calculus courses assigned homework, but they were only graded on attempted completion...if you didn't do em and REALLY try to figure the shit out you didn't have a chance in hell of passing the class.
$C: Like you said, the key is as long as it isn't excessive.  The problem is some teachers think 30 minutes or an hour a night is reasonable, but forget that 4 or 5 other teachers may be thinking the same thing.  So you get kids that suddenly have an extra 3, 4, or even more hours a few nights a week.  Not sure how you fix that problem though.  Maybe make it so they can only issue so many homework assignments a week or something?
$C: Studies don't back this up. Homework doesn't have clear educational benefit at school.
$C: >Almost nobody learns content the first time around and there simply isn't enough class time for content repetition.

Sounds almost like our school structure is what's wrong. God forbid we added a year of schooling rather than makes kids do 4 hours of homework*after* completing the mandatory sports & clubs. 
$C: > But for older kids (high school and college age)

"College age kid"... Jesus Christ. Not that long ago such "kids" were often married, working full-time, and having kids of their own. I guess we'll be calling people "teenagers" well into their 30-s soon.
$C: Amen! Especially APUSH
$C: I think more teachers need to think about quality assessment and practice over quantity. I'm also fairly certain that high schoolers completely mismanage their study hall time and could avoid most homework.
$C: This is a fine practise for single digit age kids, not so much teenagers who have a lot more material to learn in a more academically rigorous environment.  Teach children to be people first, teach them algebra and geography second.
$C: Those sound like middle or high school courses....
$C: I have a graduate engineering degree and was active in the aerospace engineering honor society in school, and have had a successful engineering career since graduation. I didn't come anywhere close to 2 hours of study per hour in the classroom, with the possible exception of graduate school. Undergrad was pretty much the inverse of that though - maybe 1 hour of studying/homework per 2 hours of class.
$C: What the fuck? Your brother is considering giving up his son because he’s *annoying??*

An elementary student has 20 - 45 minutes of homework a night tops.  Your brother sounds more like an uninterested, aloof parent.
$C: Your brother is a crappy parent. Has nothing to do with lack of homework. 
$C: Dude there’s no way homework is going to change anything about this situation
$C: Damn man, not to get into it but it sounds like your brother just doesn't like his kid. 
$C: How about the dad enroll the kid in sports or some other after school activities. Your brother sounds like a selfish prick.
$C: Wow, your brother really shouldn’t be a dad.
$C: Yeah, I agree with everyone else. I have two kids and I'd never give them up just because they demand attention. I mean, I wouldn't give them up at all, but then, I love and enjoy my kids. Evidently your brother doesn't.
$C: I want to downvote you just to stick it to your brother for being so mean
$C: Just picture one assignment even.   Your students have an assignment to write a two page essay (because that is the length they must write for the state required end-of-term tests).  You teach 133 10th graders.   You now have 266 pages to read.   

I didn't end up becoming a teacher, but i student-taught for a very good teacher (whose class I was describing above).  But, it is impossible to give helpful feedback grading at the pace necessary.   She could do one essay in two minutes, which is STILL near 4 1/2 hours of grading.  It took me like seven minutes (bare minimum).

Just so everyone knows: If you REALLY want to improve at writing, come work and ask questions before school, during break/lunch, or after school.  You will get a million times more help than you can in class.  It is almost like having a private tutor.  You need good writing skills for college and if you wait to get a tutor there it could cost money. 
$C: How about practice it in class where students are supposed to actually learn things?
$C: [deleted]
$C: You basically described my parenting skills.
$C: You're right. Tutors are privately fund teachers of school subject matters.  Parents are not school subject experts.   

Book smarts is taught by subject experts.   Family bonding time isnt tied to school work.
$C: It's on the parents to encourage learning. It's on the teachers to teach. Part of that teaching is giving the students extra work to do at home to continue learning. It's on the parents to make sure that their kid does the work that was assigned. 

When a policy like the one posted happens learning is done after that bell rings. There are no study habits to develop because there is nothing to study. 
$C: Yep. It was just the one teacher. Other teachers didn’t care when or where you did your homework but this one would scream bloody murder if she saw you doing it before school was out.
$C: They really do! 
$C: Exactly, I guarantee you they don’t want to go through all your homework to verify you did it.  They want you to come in with questions about what you didn’t understand so they can help you.  I was pretty upset when I went back to college a few years back and half my classes were on a compressed schedule of a 7 week semester.  Come in for 4 hours, learn an entire chapter, have one day to try and complete as much practice as possible to see where I’m screwing up then come in the day after to take a chapter test and start a new chapter. It felt like I honestly was just holding that information long enough to take the test and it was pushed aside for new material.  Thankfully I only needed to go for 2 semesters before I could transfer but it really set me back to the point I had to relearn most of everything from that time over again.
$C: On work time, absolutely. My life is my job, my job is not my life. 
$C: Right-o: you don’t get paid for school, and there’s more of it!
$C: I don't think homework is going to do much if the teachers are shit/overworked/underpaid/desperately trying to escape if they can
$C: Than they especially need to have time to do the things listed that do corelate to student success. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: Competency based education, rather than teaching them towards a test. Smart people can fail tests all the time. Of course these schools need more resources, but homework is not really going to help change that.
$C: Being kids isn’t really what it used to be. Isn’t studying and practicing important skills for some of the day better than spending those 4 hours on a phone or something similar?
$C: Yes. It is. Being a "kid" is overrated and sanctified as some sort of basic human need. In reality, homework does not take away from a child's ability to have fun and interact, and children on average have around 9 hours a day to do nothing if they don't have homework. Don't claim homework takes 5 hours, because if it does, that kid needs homework more than ever. Moreover, homework is essential in improving time, accuracy, precision, and depth of a child's knowledge and understanding. 
$C: The amount high schools can reduce homework is bottlenecked by AP curriculums and other standardized tests. No matter how much schools say  it’s okay to spend time “being a kid”, there’s so much competition to get into college it’s virtually irrelevant. 
$C: I had plenty of good and bad teachers, but the homework policy was almost always the same.  I went to a lot of schools (military brat) and it was the same everywhere so it was just how it was at the time.  This was over 20 years ago.   I'm glad to see it's changing.  With my own son I saw over the years that he didn't have nearly the amount of homework I got and I was happy to see that.
$C: That's freaky. I'm literally watching the office right now. 
$C: So you disagree with homework then because it doesn't apply to you? You disagree that people have deadlines and work assignments they must complete? Lawyers, teachers, entrepreneurs, accountants, computer programmers and many other fields have these deadlines and work assignments that often require them to work more hours than what they are contractually obligated to. I have no idea what students plan to do for the rest of their lives nor do they. However, assigning homework gives them the discipline to complete assignments outside the classroom.
$C: Wtf bunk ass college did you go to that didn’t have homework at projects? Must have been one of those shitty for profit degree mills that doesn’t really give a shit about education 
$C: It depends on the person. I have Dyscaculia and no matter how much I practiced  a question I’d forget how to do pretty quickly or I just wouldn’t understand it. This often got my parents and teachers shitty at me because even though we had practiced  so much I would still have trouble and end up being way behind in maths which made me stressed out and not want to try anymore. Sometimes doing the questions over and over again doesn’t help the student and rather makes maths more of a burden rather than something to learn.
$C: Haha. Ha. You are hilarious. Calc might as well be branded a form of mental torture.
$C: Absolutely. Every day in class. 
$C: Kids need to learn to do things they don't want to do. Not every job is fun
$C: You're attacking the wrong systems here. Standardized tests are the problems. His wife is doing the right thing
$C: Her students perform outstandingly well on standardized tests. 
$C: What are you talking about. 
$C: I don't know why you are being downvoted, you are 100 percent right. Concepts do not stick if practiced very few times
$C: You forgot the /s
$C: Liberals are pro standardized tests and greater education funding though. 
$C: Assuming all things equal a child from a two parent family does better.
$C: ***shit***
$C: Homework for homeworks sake i mean
$C: Naturally its all as needed
$C: They learn a lot in my class. I teach comp sci.

They have projects that reflect their learning. Things like configuring an open source server program, coding a game, spec'ing out a PC for gaming on a budget, etc.

Students have projects due. Some take it very seriously and make cool stuff, while others give it a "meh" attempt. Those who want to learn, learn.

What motivates them is seeing a peer make something far beyond the reach of the project. Most kids in my class try to at the very least keep their head above water.
$C: Lmfao suck my dick you little bitch I’m taking AP classes and I’m not saying it’s “too hard” I said they assign more work than can be done in class. It’s very much not isolated to me anyway. Maybe think before you shit words onto the internet 
$C: Well I mean I’m currently a student so it’s anecdotal, but I spend more time doing homework and learning at home than I do In class. If I hadn’t been prepared in High School from a crazy amount of homework, idk how I would fare
$C: Youre generalizing suuuuuper hard and only talking about the kids who arent “smart enough”. So because theres kids who wouldnt benefit, we do away with homework. What about the average or above average kids who would benefit from the homework. 

Also, why do away with homework. What else are kids gunna do. Play more video games? Watch more tv? Play more sports? Why is that more valuable then education? Because its hard? Because their egos arw shattered when they dont do their work and fail? 
$C: Pretty solid. And she's a pretty kick ass teacher too
$C: The old way works for some and not for others. It worked for me. There's a lot of variables that will account for student success. Way too many to list and as an educator I'm sure you're aware. Homework is one of the components that may or may not work depending on a lot of factors. In your case you have the luxury of enough instructional time to supervise student work in class and don't need the added practice. But it sure as hell wouldn't hurt them to get more practice.  I only get to see my students 3 times a week and I simply can't get through the material at the appropriate rigor and pace to allow for that.  They need to bring back their completed homework and we take a look at misconceptions and review them the next day. 

I think math is different in that either you understand a concept or you don't, and that you don't ever *forget* math if you understood the concepts in the first place. This would make homework in math kinda unnecessary and I would agree with you. But most of my students, much like the overwhelming majority of inner city students, have such weak mathematical foundation and poor attitude towards the subject that introducing a topic the first time around and expecting them to be proficient at it after 30 minutes of supervised individual practice just won't work. If we're looking to change our education system we need to figure out how to change our society's view on education. 
$C: I often asked for extra homework because math was my weakness. But I also asked for the answer key so I could make sure I was doing it right. As soon as my math teachers stopped being so stingy with the answer key, I was able to actually learn and practice on my own. Aced every test. 
$C: You are pretty bad at articulating a point... I'm assuming this an anti homework post, but I might be mistaken due to your vague conjecture... You realize most homework has a sort of guide to it in the textbook, and typically the homework assigned is work from the specific class they just attended? If you attend a class on something, and can't repeat anything from that class 3 hours later, what exactly did you learn, with or without homework? 

And also I'd like a source on your claim. You have a 'credential' after all. I want a source that "In math, for every one mistaken concept put in practice, it takes 10 problems to undo the damage of that mistake". 

Because to me it sounds like you are talking out of your ass, despite the credential. In math you either get the concepts or you don't, there isn't a lot of ground for ambiguity in the sense that you are construing. Homework (for math) will test if you get those concepts or not. If you don't, you talk to the teacher about it next lesson. 
$C: Right. That is called a project, or as you said, a report. That isn’t homework. My students are coding robots to solve problems when done with the state requirements. The state requires ridiculous standards for the students that will not drive them to learn as you describe. You can’t just teach what you or the students what. It isn’t how it works anymore. My practice happens in the classroom. Not to mention working with IEP and 504 plans. 
$C: Problem is, I can remember being young, and if it were optional, I definitely would not have done it. I think a lot of other kids might be the same way. 

I would say to make it a requirement for kids scoring below a certain grade on their exams, while those performing well without doing homework are not required to do it, but I’m sure that would piss people off as being “unfair”. I just think there needs to be a sort of incentive if it’s not going to be required, or else most students won’t do it. Maybe extra credit? Additional points that can be used on tests. Not sure tbh
$C: I don't need to click on one of those links. I'll continue doing homework and studying and you can skip it because I'm certain you'll wind up as successful in school as me while putting in half the time. 
$C: Exactly backed by science. I'm not a religious nut job who denies that all the  sciences are what makes the world tic but I do believe in using my own pattern reconition skills. Research is good for a baseline for forming beliefs but if the world around you acts nothing like the research presented to you I strongly believe you need to change your beliefs. 
$C: Elementary school isn't college.
$C:  I agree with you, the reasoning behind homework should be practice and in elementary school it should be used to inspire parents to be involved in their kids education. To make up the lack of homework we talk with her (she is in 3rd grade) about what she learned in school that day and then try to ask questions as if she is taking a quiz. Lets see how this works this year. 
$C: In the snow!
$C: Yes...and each time should appear as a punishment or failure on their fault for not excelling in that environment. School is already highly biased in that direction because many assignments and most tests and quizzes are taken in class. No problem with that, it's just how it is.

The point for those students is the lesson plan should be evenly balanced between in class and after school activities. Key word is balance to appeal to more students.

To be fair this looks like elementary school so it's a moot point.




$C: Interesting. Almost all of my college classes have required homework to some extent (some more, some less) but all of it counted towards 10-20% of your grade. Also there was a ton of reading and studying outside of the classroom because your time in the actual classroom was limited and we rarely got to cover all the information in class as opposed to high school where I learned most everything in class.
$C: I disagree. And I'm the teacher! woot
$C: and i don’t disagree with that. but practicing math and science concepts while putting them into perspective certainly helps people understand and retain them. it’s a form of studying... and literally no one can argue that studying is ineffective. now, the type of hw assigned is a huge factor in its value but i’m speaking generally here. 
$C: Oh yea i think fortnight is overall good also. I was just picking a game kids are likely to spend all night on if they have no homework. Spending all night on video games or tv is not the best exchange for homework/reading for kids.
$C: I agree with many points of your view. There's a lot of reform that can happen in American primary education. Standardized tests and grading schemes are just some of them. 
I still don't think swearing off homework in it's entirity for subjects that need independent repetition is a great idea. You gotta strive for a balance. 

$C: A much more accurate description would be someone who didn’t practice driving and therefore was not given their license even though they passed all the driving tests with flying colors.
$C: Sounds like you don’t know anything about me.
$C: The choice of font in the image clearly served nobody well.
$C: Wow, you gathered all that from one statement! Fascinating. 

A growing body of research shows that homework is not only not useful, but can have a detrimental effect. ESPECIALLY for a 5-year-old. My kindergartener reads at a 3rd grade level and does chores every day. We do *plenty* at home to instill a solid work ethic in him, and he’s already an extremely eager and hardworking student. Thanks for your concern, though! 
$C: How So? It would teach them to review their notes and do their own research. It wouldn't be whole lessons wrong, just one fact that will be on the test. It would he like "Abraham Lincoln signed the Emancipation Proclamation in 1862". That would be wrong, he signed it in 1863. If they reviewed their notes and double checked everything, then they would easily catch it. I wouldn't try to trick them, just teach them how to learn, instead of just memorizing facts.
$C: You can totally learned the ABC's during the day in school, but college requires more effort than just going to lecture and "getting to bed early."
$C: absolutely. I am a data guy. Could you point me to the published research regarding benefits or disadvantages of homework?
$C: You're right. Let's pretend our country is #1 in the world when it comes to education and pray they give out participation awards at work instead of paychecks.
$C: And the ad hominem attackers, too, obviously.
$C: kids should have homework. it's what made America grete.
$C: What?  I don't understand what you mean.
$C: if she has a master's degree in teaching she most likely is very competent and a student favorite for other reasons. I understand that the easiest teacher is a good teacher from the students perspective but I would necessarily assume that she doesn't know how to challenge/stimulate her students.
$C: You might be correct because the first two sentences also don’t make sense with a period, must be a comma.
$C: Says...you?
$C: My test scores were in the upper 90s despite not doing any homework. 
$C: My school starting a breakfast program saved me many a zero!
$C: Then you're coddling. Children will never be able to figure stuff out for themselves if they have mommy and daddy right beside them to give them the answers when they get stuck. Adaptation and critical thinking are essential and that doesn't happen when kids are aware they have a safety net.

That sort of parenting is why there is an entire generation living in their in their parent's house. Why? Because they are pushed into college and fail from never having any independence. OR they pick a useless major, because they simply aren't smart enough for anything else, and end up living at home with a job making coffee (which they didn't need to go to college to get), with 60k in student loans. Then they come on reddit and blame the government, banks for their debt, and advocate for all of college just to be free.

Amazing.
$C: I'm pretty sure I had aced all my other classes on account of my homework being completed every night, which was part of why I was pretty upset at the time. In retrospect, I think the lack of communication may have been due to the teachers being a bit mentally-fried since it was maybe a month or so after 9/11.
$C: ***WOOOSH***
$C: The class didn't have a subject — it was an entire scheduled class period meant exclusively for doing homework.
$C: This idea that homework helps you in life is bullshit. No offense but my employer doesn't just get to assign me extra work to do for them when I'm not on the clock and then not pay me for it. Letting kids learn to use their last hour of class wisely so they can have their own time later is teaching them to set goals for themselves and take a proactive approach to their own future, which is a far more valuable skill later in life. 
$C: Are you a teacher? Have you been through college at all? I am not sure anyone understands how difficult it is to teach and get each student to understand information on the scale of having enough knowledge to pass a test during a typical school day. The schedules are tight, and I know as an art teacher, I see 900 kids a week, close to 50 classes a week. I barely have the time to set up and clean up before the next class cones. Something has to has to be done at home. Some type of home to school relationship needs tontake place for continuous learning, whether it's in the form of hands on assignments or parents working with their children. We are not magicians lol.
$C: It is a teacher's job to support the kids' learning, to show them ways and techniques, and to guide them. But the kids are the ones who have to learn. No one can do it for them. 
And in the end education should not be about the test itself but about the skills and knowledge required to pass the test. 
$C: This is the best answer
$C: /r/Floridaman
$C: Hey we live in the same county!
$C: Florida man
$C: "What part of Florida?"    

"Downtown."
$C: Never been to that county before
$C: Hahaha that’s hilarious.
$C: Florida is the best county
$C: Sounds like Brevard. One of the few counties to take education seriously. 
$C: Ditto, for what it's worth. I pulled my kids out of public school and homeschooled them because of this in Central Florida.

Two hours of homework for a third grader was insane. Add in the anxiety from staff telling students all year that if they don't pass the FCAT they won't pass third grade. It was a train wreck.
$C: Is Florida the new Harlan County, USA?
$C: You in the 352 right? 
They are doing it in middle schools as well. 
$C: Oh man. My 4yo just started VPK and has homework every day (granted it’s just tracing letters and counting word syllables). Are you in south Florida? I’d love to have this policy next year. 
$C: What?! What city? I'm in jacksonville. Ugh. My son still gets packets to do. And it stinks because I'm a nursing student and single mom and still have to help and it takes him foreverrrrr. 
$C: Same, but unlike your son, I’m a senior in high school :(
Not sure about other districts or states but where I am I need to wake up at 5am every weekday to get to school on time. Everyone is sleep deprived. Sleeping five hours is the norm for me and my friends because of the homework load. Hopefully they fix this schedule by the time your son gets to high school because its when he’ll need to be sleeping the most, for his body to develop properly.
$C: Is that for all of Florida or just Marion County? My oldest son just started kindergarten in Pinellas, no homework so far but dreading when he starts getting a bunch in later grades since it's more homework for the parents than kids. 
$C: Looks like you guys should be doing homework.
$C: to be fair, Florida is in the USA, but it is still a different country...
$C: Florida isn't a county
$C: Hahahahaha
$C: I teach middle school in FL and this is my homework policy. Homework = incomplete class work if enough time was given in-class to complete it. If there wasn’t ample time to complete it, we do it together to begin the following class. 
$C: Florida has schools?
$C: I'm glad you stipulated Florida, USA so we didn't think you lived in Florida, Germany or something
$C: Ahhh. Dat Floridian education
$C: hey guys, lookit. a real live Floridaman!
$C: We found him ! Let’s take his kid!
$C: Haha
$C: All of the other players with their diamond swords better run sprint jump faster than my arrow
$C: Home of the Florida Man. 
$C: Which county? I grew up in Orange.

Then again, I went to private school, so I guess it wouldn't have mattered. 
$C: Might as well be Polk, then. lol
$C: Are you r/floridaman?
$C: So true and sad...that's why mine go to private school now.
$C: What county because i’m in broward and i’m still getting so much homework
$C: Are you Florida man?
$C: Currently in school in Florida where the hell is my homework free classes 
$C: Perhaps Hillsborough? 
$C: Im going to guess Marion county
$C: I like that county 
$C: As do I ! How’s the heat and humidity treating you friend?
$C: Huh. I live in Florida and my pre K kid already has a homework assignment 
$C: What county in Florida? My son is in Nassau and he still brings home homework.
$C: You threw a dart and it landed in a trash can?
$C: I'm in Miami. My first grader will have homework nightly. Kindergarten had nightly homework.
$C: All florida counties have different policies. Its not a state mandated education system like many other states.
$C: There is a Florida Massachusetts. 
$C: Marion? 
$C: You are why we had homework....
$C: [Don't push your politics on me, pal!](https://www.nbc.com/saturday-night-live/video/the-census/n11327)
$C: No, seriously.
$C: Florida isn’t a county.  
$C: Why am I so unlucky
$C: Incorrect. The correct answer is B.
$C: Volusia
$C: Ayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyye 😁😂🤙 Southwest Florida. ✌️😝
$C: Good to see some of the further behind states, no offense Florida is hilarious as a state to me;

Based solely on the truly comical news snippets I've seen... You know which ones in talking about. Guy eating homeless man's face, guy launches anvils in the sky because he's mad at God, etc.,

being the most progressive and trying new tactics to further the minds of the youth!
$C: TDIL Florida is a county and a state. 
$C: Fuck I must live in a shitty part of Florida :(
$C: This is roughly the equivalent of “England is my city”
$C: Lol really says a lot about our society
$C: Are you Florida man?
$C: County, not State
$C: I am so sorry. 
$C: Can I ask what part? Down here in Miami I haven't heard any schools with this yet (hopefully)
$C: I wish....
$C: maybe you should spend some time as a family learning the difference between country, state, county, city, town...
$C: I just scared the dog laughing so hard at this!
$C: Where in FL? Definitely not in the Tampa Bay Area
$C: Florida Teacher Doesn't Assign Homework, Students are Pleased
$C: Worst schools in the country
$C: Ahhh....California....nice!
$C: Oh cool! I’m in Florida but my son’s school doesn’t do this
$C: Florida is a great county 
$C: Accidental r/FloridaMan
$C: Honestly, it seems like every school in Florida, my parents took me out of public school because, even though I was in all accelerated, highest classes; I still didn’t have any homework so they moved me to a private school that tries to bust my balls. I’m entering my junior year and am now applying effort for the first time in a while.
$C: I live close to that
$C: Florida man. We meet again. 
$C: :( Wish I had that growing up. Where in Florida is this? None of my cousins or neighbors have this
$C: "Florida man didn't have to do homework as a child. He no longer does crazy ass shit" 
$C: *taps temple*

Can’t have homework in middle school if everyone drops out by 6th grade 
$C: Florida really is its own country. The further south you go, the more north you get.
$C: Also in Florida. My son's elementary school had a no homework policy.
$C: Florida Man abolishes homework
$C: well I guess I'm unlucky with Florida teachers
$C: I would have actually gotten some bright futures money after high school if this was a thing while I was in high school. I never did my homework in school because I was just tired from sports.
$C: Florida is the USA’s dick.
$C: Seminole?

Edit: Marion.
$C: Grew up in Florida, wish they had that... Yay Marion /s
$C: Florida person strikes again
$C: Finally. Something good out of Florida 
$C: Florida woman cancels homework forever. 
$C: Florida gets a bad rap (aside from the fine ass Miami bitches), but this is awesome! I might move there when I get a kid... to Miami.
$C: Idaho says hold my beer. No, literally hold our beer.
$C: Wrong, but right on so many levels.  
$C: But what *street*?
$C: “Florida” is just fine. 
$C: I feel like policies like this would help prevent Florida man from making so many appearances. 
$C: Montessori middle school was great. It's pretty much the same concept. 
$C: Having accidentally misread that as "country," somehow your answer still feels like it made sense. You know exactly what I mean. 
$C: Really? I live in florida and this is absolutely not a conceivable concept at least here in miami
$C: Florida man strikes again
$C: Huh? Which city? I still have homework and I live in Florida. R.I.P
$C: Sure wish that this policy had been implemented back when I was in middle school in Florida, USA.....
$C: On three we all say our social security numbers. Ready? One, two, three...
$C: Username checks out.
$C: It's a US thing (as far as I know). Pretty much an administrative district. 

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/County_(United_States)
$C: Why? 
$C: I didn't know they had an elementary school in County.
$C: I still don’t understand, can you please explain?
$C: Can you explain to me then haha
$C: There is kinda a problem on enforcement. They tried this with an online homework app recently in my area but honestly it seems silly. Kids doing homework on a computer are going to tab out to change their YouTube play list or to have a breather. 

I could easily see a kid getting one question done tabbing out and getting lost on reddit then tabbing back to find that they are locked out and either look like a fool or a lazy person when realistically they are just learning at their own pace in their own home. It's a perk of homework that you can do it at home as you please. Taking that perk away is just cruelty. 
$C: Isn't time management a good skill to learn. Kids are most definitely going to have homework when they get older and in college.  Its like any other skill, the younger you start the easier it is.
$C: As a parent. I'm anti-homework and Pro-Xbox too!  Right on brother!
$C: China? 
$C: My twins completed kindergarten with homework every night. The same math and reading thing was requested as well.

What happened to teachers Teaching? It is now their job to assign homework and grade tests.

Why should a parent be expected to sit and do over a hour of homework every night with their child? Shouldn’t the teachers be able to handle what needs to be learned in a 8 hour school day? Kids come home from school and aren’t even allowed to be kids. The system is horribly flawed. At least in my county. (Sarcasm, Pennsylvania, USA) 
$C: What would those kids do after they finish a K-12 subject but are still progressing normally in others?
$C: They call that the "gifted" program where I am from. Kids can get streamed into it pretty young if they show they are way ahead of their class.
$C: I feel your pain, my brother said my parents were considering moving me up a grade and I really wish they had. I got lazy fast (mostly my fault but being bored didn’t help) and here I am starting at community college before I try to transfer somewhere better.

Homework is a great indicator of how hard working someone is, however the reality is that kids already have eight hours or so of school a day. Why not just cut the elective classes out and give kids an in-class assignment, or better yet use all the space electives were taking up as a big study hall?

Sometimes I think the average American adult’s job isn’t as hard as being a high school student. And that’s messed up.
$C: wtf spoilers?
$C: Knibb High Football rules!
$C: So long as I get Ms. Veronica Vaughn at the end, I'm game.
$C: Mr. Madison, what you've just said is one of the most insanely idiotic things I have ever heard. At no point in your rambling, incoherent response were you even close to anything that could be considered a rational thought. I award you no points, and may God have mercy on your soul. 
$C: The puppy who lost his way. 
$C: KNIBB HIGH FOOTBALL RULES!!!
$C: Man, I'm glad I called that guy
$C: O'Doyle rules!
$C: He called the shit poop!
$C: O’doyle rules
$C: Glad i called that guy
$C: I can confirm, I live in Finland and I do not exist.
$C: But...23andme said I was 11% Finnish.
$C: Finland, Finland, Finland!

That's the County for me!
$C: [I beg to differ](https://youtu.be/baHsoEAAMZU)
$C: I think you are confusing Finland with [New Zealand.](https://www.reddit.com/r/MapsWithoutNZ/)
$C: "Then who are the dutch???"
$C: I thought Finland was just outside of Bielefeld.
$C: I though Finland was just a part of Russia?  
$C: Yes, so many things in that movie I think we should implement.  Felons voting, for example, and the school lunches in France...
$C: This. I was the same way. If I'm not struggling with the material, why do I need to do busywork? If a kid is struggling, they can meet with the teacher with their parents and look into ways for extra help and practice, like tutoring and home work. 
$C: Most math books have some of the answers in the back of the book for this purpose.

The more in-class time you spend on practice, the less you have for new concepts, so you can't go too far in that direction before you won't make it through the material.
$C: Finland has some of the best public education in the world. They also stress evidence-based learning methodology and put very little emphasis on repetition.
$C: Oh my bad, you're right. Was reading to fast. Thank you.
$C: He skipped the class on why it's important to offer data and studies to support broad claims.
$C: "Sorry Mary, you need to go home and spend the rest of the day doing repetitive work that you already know how to do(and *I* know you know how to do it), because Bobby doesn't understand how to do it."
$C: Kids have much less than 40h of class a week
$C: If learning what your public school teaches is what you strive for, the Pinnacle, god help us all.  Children should be encouraged to learn...no...required to learn some basic shit.   Parents no longer have the capability in our now requisite dual income society.  
$C: >There was a point where someone could have said “they’re just going to go play sports

Sports are proper socializing and teach kids important things *and* get them exercise.

>or read books all day

Again, kids learn from this. I don't think I'm especially smart but I am verbose because I was a bookworm (especially science fiction). 

You should find better examples.

Kids don't learn anything from Snapchat and they just get bullied on Facebook. Why give them more time to indulge in things that are actually harmful to their mental well-being, if improving mental health is the goal?

>The only reason it seems like a waste of time is because it’s not how you grew up.

It is how I grew up. I was was one of the few kids who owned a video game console (and we had multiple) so all of the neighborhood kids would come over and we'd have Street Fighter II tournaments. At least that was still a social activity and we got out of the house a lot still because my parents forbade us from playing during the week when school was in session. I know how distracting and pointless a lot of games can be, moreso now that you have lootboxes, grinding, and vhat etc to further pull you in. 

Rather than turn the kids loose with these extremely vague directives that most won't carry out, why not have them learn/practice wellness exercises like mindfulness? Or help them with a personal organization routine that will reduce their stress levels?

I mean there are so many alternatives that are more beneficial than just not assigning academic homework.
$C: The other day I played fortnite for 12 hours. Sad but cool
$C: That's only a single number. Go back to school and stop playing fortnite! /s
$C: Children go to bed around 7-8 so yeah a couple of hours is pretty big chunk of family time (if dad finishes work around 6pm)
$C: Shit, maybe we should increase homework to suffocate instagram and snapchat usage.
$C: You should fuck your boss' s.o. just to show em a thing or two
$C: Haha I am self employed and I have neighbors and friends always say oh man you're so lucky you can make your own schedule and work whenever you want to. Yep most days I can work whichever 18 hours I want to. 
$C: What do you mean?  WORK IS LIFE!  So, 100% work is work/life in perfect balance!
$C: I work in a restaurant. I don't have a work/life balance, I simply have no life outside of work. 
$C: I have a good work life balance but can't handle the sexual harrasment. 
$C: Maybe if you'd stop touching him inappropriately all the time, he'd be a little nicer. 
$C: Also self employed. As personnel manager and head of engineering I can unequivocally state that every employee I manage is lazy as fuck. If I had a dime every time I caught an employee on Reddit I'd be the wealthiest man alive. 
$C: on the flip side, your employee is one of the brightest and motivated you have had yet. Keep up the good work employee
$C: >I'm self-employed

Hmmmm


 >and my boss is an asshole

Wait a minute... 


$C: The best part of running your own business is that you can work whichever 70 hours per week that you choose. 
$C: Not trying to be a jerk or funny but doesn’t being self-employed mean you are your own boss? Or am I missing something?....
$C: I'm a stay-at-home mom. My boss is also an asshole, and his assistant manager is needy AF. They expect me to be on call 24/7!! No work/life balance here, either.

At least they're cute.
$C: Avoid spicy foods and splurge on the good toilet paper.
$C: SAME
currently looking for new work

Lit.
$C: At least you get plenty of hand jobs 
$C: the worst part about being self-employed is my boss is a fucking idiot
$C: Leave your “boss” drunk notes on the fridge in the morning, and hide keys laptop etc that way “he” won’t be able to bother you with work.
$C: You should file an HR complaint. 
$C: Beat him up
$C: My boss is amazing. She allows me two weeks vacation every year, I'm home by dinner, and if I need to go in late, she doesn't care. As long as the work gets done by 3 pm, I can do whatever I want.  

I'm also self employed;) My profession allows for flexibility, so I'm very lucky. 
$C: fuck you
$C: That was my line the entire time I was freelancing
$C: "Here at Straightedge super Inc. We think of it more like work/life *integration*."
$C: Sounds like you need to file an SS-8 next tax season. Boss can't have it both ways.
$C: Fuck his wife and then kick his ass
$C: I too suffer from this affliction. Fortunately I was able to get a couple weeks off this year.
$C: I can confirm this to be 100% true. 

Source: Also self employed. 
$C: Yeah fuck Bos... hey wait a minute
$C: You should get your boss a [bottle of Workahol](http://osign.org/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/absolut-workahol.jpg) as a Christmas gift.
$C:  True dat. That's why I quit my job. 

Edit: edited.
$C: You should put your foot in your boss’s ass
$C: At least he gives you hand-jobs though.
$C: It's amazing that a self employed or contractor can have a boss that micro manages you without providing any benefits or salaries that employed people experience. You must live in north America like me.
$C: jerk him off
$C: Top notch handies though.
$C: You're self employed but you answer to an asswho-... Nevermind. 
$C: Not sure grasp the concept of self-employment. 
$C: If you are really self employed you would be the boss. In that case you just fire the client. 
$C: Self-employed? Who is your boss?
$C: You're self employed, you are your own boss.
$C: I'm a fireman. Granted I'm not always working the 24 hours I'm at the station. Between firefighting and construction side job I work 80+ hours a week. 

I also had mountains of homework that I had to do so I guess I am a product of that generation. 
$C: damn them. so stupid to want to be productive and make money . We should all just stay home play Xbox and drink Mountain Dew all day!
$C: Meanwhile in Japan...
$C: usa got *called out*
$C: I have a work/life balance in *reality* and I am within a capitalist framework.
$C: You underhand capitalism just means private ownership of industry, right?

Being a capitalist doesn't preclude you from having a healthy work/life balance.
$C: Turn off your phone for a few hours each day. You'll be fine. I promise.
$C: Khan with Platemail or Seris with Soul Forge.
$C: I think the major difference here is who the work is benefiting more. The example you gave about your brother; it definitely benefits  his employer but it also benefits him as that knowledge is something he can bring with him should he choose to look at another eye doctor. The same goes for the Continuing Education doctors and engineers have to do.
$C: Slight clarification on engineers: *licensed* engineers (i.e. Professional Engineers) have to keep up to date with that stuff in order to keep their license current. Most engineers in the US aren't PEs.
$C: No one appreciates all the stress it was to be a slacker.
$C: and the homework for the bus-ride was done in the shower
$C: Pshh. Amateur. Some of us were finishing work moments before the Pledge of Allegiance.
$C: Oh god I just had flashbacks. The bumpy, smelly, noisy bus ride. Trying to balance my book on my leg as I try and write and finish homework. You know, the bus ride to school was always a learning experience. It's also when I first got slapped by a girl.
$C: I did first period homework during classes that day, then did the other periods the next day before they were due.
$C: Or the 5 minutes at your desk before the bell rings, writing furiously
$C: I was lucky, we were bussed to the next town over, plenty of time to finish work on the way
$C: Man that's nothing. I wrote an entire 2000 word physics report a few weeks ago. I started 2 hours before the deadline. I got a B+ for my hard work too. 
$C: A lot of people even work full time when they go to college full time. Your late teens and early twenties are full of energy, you can easily spend them working hard to make your 30+ years a hell of a lot easier. 
$C: I remember that I got a lot done in highschool, but I was definitely terribly depressed.  I didn't have a lot of time to relax and I didn't always have to freedom to allocate time efficiently.  When you're a kid, it's like having your life mismanaged by incompetent bureaucrats but still being expected to perform as though you had complete autonomy and adult resources.

At least in Uni when you have even more work, you have free reign to manage your life efficiently.

Now that I have a job in the "real world" I actually get to have downtime; it is magical.
$C: I managed tuesday/Thursday only my last semester. 3 day classes T/R, and a night class on Tuesday. Was wonderful. 5 day weekends all semester long. 
$C: Don't forget the 1-2 hour bus ride to and from school, so it's really 10-12 hours a day away from home before you go to college.
$C: I think a great way to get kids ready for a life in college is to possibly give them time throughout the day to work on assignments as they see fit. If they believe they need more time on math or whatever subject they feel most behind in then they could use that time to catch up or even pull ahead in another class they have a particular interest in. Students wouldn't be allowed to slack off, but the independence in that free time would mirror the time in between classes you have in college.
$C: I think the problem here is that people are forgetting that students may be at school for 8 hours, but in some cases only half of that time is spent on academic class work. Assuming 8 class periods at 50 minutes a period, 2-3 of those periods tend to not be an academic class. Normally 1 period is lunch, 1 is a pe course, and 1 is a fun class that isn't very demanding like art. There's a  20 minute homeroom class which is just hanging out, 5-10 minute breaks after each class to get to the next one and normally the 1st 5 minutes of a class is taking attendance.  So roughly 4 - 4 1/2 hours is actually spent learning something. 
$C: Eh, at the same time high school is like 50% screwing around. It’s not comparable to college. One college course is probably more productive than a day in high school.
$C: That’s why I always took study hall. 6 periods of class, 1 period to do homework. Yeah, I could have take an AP class or something instead, but I didn’t have a ton of homework each night
$C: > On top of extracurriculars, jobs, maintaining friendships, etc.

Exactly. I played a sport every season in HS, so maybe 80-90% of the school year I had a practice to go to either before or after school. I lived pretty close to school, but even then practices still added another 2 hours to the school day, to then get to go home and do homework, and then you might have to study for a test coming up, or work on a class project.

I don't understand  how anyone ever thought that was healthy for students
$C: School days in the US are nowhere near 8 hours long.  Most school days are 6.5 hours, average.
$C: I did around 8 hours in school and 3 hours out of school, in high school. It wasn't that bad. In university I do around 5-6 hours in classes, 15 hours out of classes, which means I have to divide up my time carefully and do just as much work on weekends. Sometimes I'll even double up and do out of class work, during class hours. 
$C: 2-3 hours?? More like 5 hours
$C: Yeah I dunno I had a pretty rough homework load between AP calculus and biology, along with all the band stuff after school. It definitely  prepared me for university 20 unit quarters with 3 hours/day problem sets in math, physics, chemistry, electronics courses. Not to mention the CS courses that were easily 30-40 hours/week of programming assignments.

I don't think a no-homework policy is doing anybody any good when it comes to college preparation. I would love to see some follow-up studies for how these students fare by major in University after never having homework in k-12.

Honestly the amount of reading and studying to prepare just for the the AP Bio exam alone....I can't imagine doing it without homework.
$C: What did you study? I studied bioscience engineering and the first three years classes were from 08.30 to 19.00 with an hour break at noon and ten minute breaks between each 1h15 class block. And yes, this was *every* day. I had to skip non-mandatory classes sometimes to get all my work done. Same tale for my friends in pharmacy, computer science, mathematics, and physics

(To note: I went to school in Europe)
$C: One semester I was able to make my schedule so that I only had classes on Tuesdays and Thursdays. It was glorious. 
$C: It depends on the students and program. I have had several semesters where I had 30+ hours of class time total and of course homework and assignments. This is normal for my program (engineering)
$C: Lucky. I had 18 hrs of lecture and between 6-10 hrs of labs/tutorials per week
$C: I mean, school is like a full time salaried office job but they don't even get any real freedom or a cent for their work. The least they could get is some slack, right?
$C: University is basically 1 credit per hour of classes, so 15 base, in theory you are supposed to spend 3 hours a week per credit outside of class, total up to 60 hours a week.  



Now I only know about 1 person who ever did that. In reality I spent about 8 hours a week on it. Until grad school.  
$C: 2-3 hours every day seems extreme. Maybe someone who really struggled to understand the subject might take that long but if a student is taking that much time each night and they aren’t in all advanced classes they should probably seek additional help.
$C: In almost every US school you only have 15 hours of class per week. That’s like 2 days of high school. 
$C: Or your kids go into engineering, take 5 classes a semester, and forget what free time is.
$C: What was your major? I had days I was in the building from 9am to 9pm... Now that was with some breaks in between by maybe for a couple hours at most.
$C: I easily spend more than 8 hours a day on being at school/doing homework for uni. Usually its 2 classes a day, 3 labs a week. Thats an average of 3.5 in school hours per week day, and usually I will end up spending 6-7 hours (7 days a week) doing homework/studying on top of that. 
$C: Agree with you. OP is from an elementary school. 
Also OP mentions reading together, which is basically homework together. 
The real solution is to be in high school less. 

$C: In my masters program, I think I had class 2 days a week, for like 5 hours total per week. 
$C: What schools are 8 hours of academics? When I was in highschool it was 8-2:45, then 8-1:40 on fridays. This is with a 45 min (or an hour, can't recall) lunch and 20 min break in the morning and 15 in the afternoon. 
$C: THIS! I managed to get just MWF classes. Start at 9 and I’m out at 2. That gives me Tuesday and Thursday to get the homework I need done without stressing and also time to workout and just relax. I should’ve done this a long time ago. Being overwhelmed with so much on your plate can easily make everything fall apart.
$C: It's important to note that this essentially goes out the window for any of the hard sciences. Engineering, physics, math, etc... have classes every day (or close to it) and also have considerable out of class work requirements.

&#x200B;

Typically across the whole of the term this would average out to 9-10 hours, where some days you might get lucky and get away with 6-7 hours but during project segments you're pretty much doing 17 hour days for a few weeks straight in the study hall or labs.

&#x200B;

When a physics professor hands the class an assignment and says "oh, by the way I encourage you to work together if you need to because this one's a bit hard", if you want to understand what's being taught that means it's going to be a very busy week for your individual effort alone. Also to forestall the "group assignments are easy" claim, they most certainly are if it doesn't matter that you know what you're doing and can have someone else do all of the work but beyond some cookie cutter first year classes acting as remediation of gaps for your high school education it doesn't work.
$C: This is correct for people taking bullshit majors
$C: "You mean I have responsibilities AFTER class too?!" 
$C: As an English 101 instructor in grad school the past 3 years, I had MULTIPLE "How to College" discussions with my students. 1. come to class. 2. Do your homework. 3. Communicate if you're having an issue/will be absent/were absent.  4. There is no curve.

&#x200B;

This is all very complicated, apparently.
$C: You joke, but most universities require entering freshman to take a course I would call college 101.. At my University it was called personal development and college success.
$C: Fuck. I missed my chance to do this with my class this year.
$C: Freshman year of college is already grade 13. 


$C: Well the post does say that if they have homework it's because it's school work not finished during school.
Like My job, I'm expected to get shit done while I'm on the clock, and if I don't get it done fast enough, I stay over or I get scolded. 
I see what you mean though, about accountability and expectations. We just gotta find a good balance I guess 
$C: This is such a backwards opinion. If your salaried and you work hard and can't get your shit done, they expect you to keep going. Wtf is that? You work to live, not live to work. The goal of any modern day society should be the goal of working less and enjoying life more. If an employer expects more work than can be reasonably done in a 40 hour week, they expect too much. 

Like, yes, shit happens sometimes and sometimes you may have to go the extra distance and work late or come in on a weekend, but you should be compensated for that or at least be able to flex time that at some point in the future. Shit, I worked 3 hours extra myself today because work was nuts and I couldn't get everything done through no fault of my own and despite going flatout. On my own initiative, I mentioned to my manager (offsite) and he agreed to let me go early on Friday. Disclaimer, I'm union and hourly in a hospital, but that shouldn't matter. My time is my own, I should alone dictate how I spend it
$C: > The working world expects you to get your job done. Sometimes that means working after hours, especially if you're salary, to get he job done

or if you work at a place with a union, "eh, we'll finish it tomorrow".
$C: Agreed. I think a good balance would be to have fewer assignments, and only assignments that are more substantial than just a ton of extra practice work. I think practice work should be provided for students who think they need it, but that’s all. Furthermore, make the few actual assignments worth more. And when life comes up (as it often does in students lives), also give/take away points on how they handle that communication. A student who just doesn’t turn an assignment in should be docked more points than a student who ahead of time talks to a teacher and figures out a way to handle being late 
$C: Personally, I don’t think that having homework would change how a student would perform in college. Everything you learn from k-12 in class like working in groups, working on solo assignments, team building, discipline, work ethic, hell literally everything is taught in school would benefit you in college. All student will have to learn how to be responsible on their own in college and take responsibility for their own shit. And every college kid has to learn that regardless if they had homework in school or not.

On top of that, teachers would most likely have more time to build programs for their students instead of grading mandatory homework everyday. Teachers will still have in-class work to grade but it would hopefully still reduce their workload. It seems like a win-win imo
$C: One issue is that it lowers the competition level. As high school becomes more competitive, lowering the work load will increase the amount of luck that is involved deminishing the meritocracy, even though a lot of it is how rich your family is. It’s a competitive world, and there’s nothing we could do about it. 
$C: Many many jobs are not 9-5, but require you to be responsible for some aspect of a project or company. Typical hours will be something like 9-5 but if something goes wrong or something big is coming up then you re responsible for getting it done.

Edit: I want to add that these are often the best jobs, because you take ownership of your little part. It can of course be abused though.
$C: Ag mechanic here, there's required reading before just about every training course I do and every time a new product is launched, may favourite was reading up on Apache sprayers and the hydraulic sway control that they used 14 years before McLaren "invented" it.
$C: How is having supervised tasks at school reflective of the working world where you’re going to be mostly working either in a team or solo but you’ll be solely responsible for your own time/resource management and the work you do? Yeah you might have a superior above you, but they’re going to be expecting you do meet deadlines and provide quality work, not hold your hand and make sure you do your job. 
$C: I'm a little skeptical as to whether giving homework is really going to "prepare" people for college work honestly. Plenty of other skills (depending on the discipline) are better taught than sheer workload. I don't really know what I think about all this, but I just feel like pushing back on the whole knee-jerk reaction because WE didn't do it this way it must be flawed. Then you get into situations like doctors did -- feeling residents need to do 36-hour shifts. 




$C: you mean throwing them into the pit of doom.  Engineering first year was a challenge to adjust to how much work there is to be done.  It never got easier, you just got used to it.

I'm on the side of having at least the university prep courses in grade 12 being hell for homework.  The only way to adjust is when you are thrown in the deep end and are expected to swim.

Still feel like my engineering degree could have used an another year to add in critical courses on top of the packed course load.
$C: [deleted]
$C: That wasn’t really the point. Switch out university/college for trade school. Same deal, you’re going to need to do out of the classroom learning/work. It’s a fact of life no matter what field you’re in. 
 
$C: I agree with everything you wrote. But I’d just like to chime in that the OP of the comment thread stated their child was in a school division that didn’t give out any homework from kindergarten to high school. That’s what my initial response was to, which I think is a horrible approach. 
$C: I never said I didn’t. The person I replied to said their child is in a school division that gives no homework from kindergarten to high school. 
$C: Sure, for an arts degree. 
$C: Graduate with honours with what degree and from which university? Lol. Unless you’re a genius or taking a reduced workload and extending your degree by a few extra semesters, you’re definitely not in a STEM degree.
$C: University is no different. The general subject classes can have hundreds of students. Those professors don’t care about you unless you show some initiative and that you actually care enough to go ask for help. 
$C: Yeah this "no homework" thing may work for elementary school kids where play is important, but high school students with no homework? If I didn't have high school homework I would've just sat at home playing videogames all day, though I did do that just after I finished my homework at least.
$C: Not really, though.  I had garbage self-discipline and time management skills all throughout high school and well into my first and 2nd run at college.  You know what taught me to just do the work and make sure it was in before the deadline?  Working shit jobs and realizing that was the rest of my life unless I took assignments seriously and did the work on time.  I was about 12 years removed from being in high school at that point.

All high school homework ever really taught me was how to half-ass "who gives a shit" essays the night before they were due.  If any future career of mine requires me to write 5 pages about Nathaniel Hawthorne, I'll go ahead and fucking kill myself right now.
$C: Meh.  I got by just fine.  Everyone hits a point where they have to either do work outside of school or give up and fail.  I don't see the benefit to making that happen earlier than it already does.
$C: Keep in mind that only students who finish their work in class won’t have homework. The point here is that the classwork and homework are the same assignment, meaning you start your homework in class. For many students getting started is the hard part, and then if they get confused at home there’s no one to ask for clarification. 

So time management is still very much in the mix here. 

I taught this way and it worked great.  If you work hard/smart you have less homework. Most kids had homework but they actually did it because they only had to finish something they were already familiar with and had made a good dent in. 

Broke down a little bit with some of my students actually because they realized they could spend class talking to me and just do their class work at home. Well, that’s one way to manage your time. Weird but good problem to have. 
$C: I made it through school both never doing homework or doing a research paper. While I know not everyone can do this it's very much possible that you have kids smart enough to do the math and decide it's not worth their time. I did just enough of such things to get the grade I wanted and could easily do that in class or the next day in an earlier class. At times I borrowed other people's and copied it in under 5min. Just helping them out in class was repayment enough generally.

Homework is not the answer when you have multiple classes assigning it with zero coordination. Solid instruction and class time for one on one learning where possible I will swear by. College is an entirely different thing as generally it takes up less class time.
$C: That is a huge waste of lecturing time, wow.
$C: Yeah, I hope they decide to do a lot more of that to compensate for the lack of homework, because that's a *really* important skill to develop IMO. That would take a lot of time away from more conventional classroom work -- but probably worth it.
$C: That's going to fuck up a lot of kids when they go to university.
$C: Well, my perspective is as a freelancer -- *all* my projects are done on my own time. But even for most conventional jobs that involve any kind of major project during set work hours, the worker often has to be able to exercise some degree of autonomy, managing their own time and resources to work on a given project without constant oversight and rigid scheduling. Even if you never take it home, a lot of real-world work looks more like the kind of project-based "homework" I'm referring to than classroom work. Maybe there's a good way to recreate that sort of thing in the classroom, but I'm skeptical.
$C: I stopped doing homework when I was 11 and had no problem going through 7 years of doing them between classes, in classes, and on the bus to school. And university after that of course didn't have anything like homework, I was there 2x45 minutes/day for lectures and had projects or exams every ~6 week, and everything else was self study.
$C: Okay, they'd still be reading/doing long term projects on their own.

This is a replacement for the usual busywork they do. Problem sets and worksheets
$C: I'm all for getting rid of the garbage worksheets in high school. Those were always a waste of time. But I do think I learned a lot from the larger projects I did in high school, more similar to those I did in university. That's the only part I'm worried about losing. YMMV.
$C: Depends entirely on the subject in college, and to some degree in high school. If the class is a writing class, of course papers are involved.

If it's a math class, there will be problems that need to be solved independently by the student to instill lasting understanding and confidence.

If it's a lab, there need to be reports completed after the fact to relate the experimental procedure to preexisting knowledge.

It's very dependent upon your classes. High school shares this specialization but in a diluted capacity.
$C: Time management. 
$C: I don't see how lack of homework in high school would make any difference in determining who does and doesn't decide to go to university...
$C: it sounds like this is mostly implemented in european countries, they aint going to pay shit.
$C: Math homework nightly. Science homework (particularly for something like Chemistry or Physics) every night. But then you have all your other classes that are more periodic, but on average they're going to add homework time. 1-1.5 hours a night for high school is pretty reasonable, but achieving that number is pretty tough. 
$C: If you only had 1-1.5 hours of homework a night, it sounds like you were the one who went to an easy school or were taking easy classes.
$C: Exactly. It's nearly impossible to master math without daily practice, especially when you get to the higher level stuff. That's always been the only subject I've had to put in a significant amount of outside work into. 
$C: We didn't have required math homework in high school. It was highly suggested that you do it, but there were no grades. It was more, "If you actually want to do well, you'll probably want to do this." Really liked it, because it meant I didn't have to waste time doing practice problems on stuff I already understood.
$C: Every research paper I've read on this both during my education degree and since says homework does not improve learning.  Generally in math the good students who are already strong in math have their time wasted doing work they already understand and have mastered, the weaker students who don't understand what they are doing continue to practice doing it wrong and further cement their incorrect understanding.  Homework purely for the sake of homework is counter productive.

On the other hand higher grades doing research papers and other complex projects can have a benefit.
$C: Master the concepts behind it.

I didn’t start really “getting” algebra and geometry until I went back as an adult and saw skilled proofs of why theorems work the way they do.

As a kid I had no idea why the Pythagorean theorem was true, just that I had to memorize a^2 + b^2 = c^2 and accept it as gospel. As an adult I can work through [Bashkara’s Proof](https://www.math.hmc.edu/funfacts/ffiles/10013.2.shtml) on my own time and actually understand why it works.

If you haven’t read it, I highly recommend reading Paul Lockhart’s essay [A Mathematician’s Lament](https://www.maa.org/external_archive/devlin/LockhartsLament.pdf) (available for free online). Changed my whole outlook on Math education (although he does have this weird vendetta against lesson plans that I don’t agree with).
$C: If you're learning math by repetition, you're doing it very wrong. Math should be about understanding the underlying concepts, not rote memorization. Remembering how to FOIL a polynomial is a waste of memory.
$C: I literally skipped every single homework assignment I was given through high school and got through just fine. I find that the repetition is helpful for some things, but they're things that can be focused on directly if needed instead of simply repeating classwork you already understood for a few hours every night.
$C: Here's a huge hint to you as to why math education is so subpar in the US compared to other countries.
$C: I bet those kids who went on to study chemistry in college were real prepped 
$C: Sorry, by grade school I meant everything up through highschool, but I guess that's not the right term. Is there a good term for that? I didn't want to use K-12 because some of those early grades don't have homework. And public school didn't fit because there are private highschools or whatever.
$C: I mean more as in critical thinking if something that isn’t part of the routine or normal/direct instructions comes along.  Whether you’re willing to take ownership and make sure the work is right or just skirt the boundaries of the direct instructions you were given.

Things like, does the instruction I’ve been given make sense in the context.  Does what I’m seeing right now seem correct, and do I at least bring it up and/or try to find a solution instead of ignoring? When a problem comes up where the instructions or whatever rubric doesn’t apply, do I try to find the correct answer, then go to confirm if the line of thinking and details are correct, or do I immediately throw my hands up and go ask for the answer?  If a timeline looks unreasonable do I make sure to try to find a way to deal with it or make sure it’s known to anyone relevant and accounted for, or do I just sit there and when it’s late give an excuse?  Etc... 

It might be different for the generation 10 years from now like you say, I’ll defer to your experience there.  But from my experience the younger you are the more likely you are to respond to a non-routine issue with ‘I’ve tried nothing and I’m all out of ideas, nor am I even aware this is something I’m supposed to be concerned about’ 
$C: There was no chance of me learning the things I needed to learn during class for my AP classes. 

We can certainly reduce homework loads up through middle school, and I worry that schools are doing "good students do a lot of homework" --> "make everyone do a lot of homework and everyone will be good student" logic. But no homework at all is a mistake in the other direction.
$C: That depends on your high school. I went to a good high school and the majority of college classes were a breeze. I could study the night before and ace the class. The only classes that were tough were the advanced math classes. Studying the night before would definitely not cut it.
$C: > Is mandated homework doing that?

I understand not having homework until say around grade 8 but not having homework ever until university is just crazy.

The skill set of sitting down with no one looking/checking/forcing you and doing hours of fixed work or questions with tempting distractions around you is a hard one to start to develop in university, in addition to all the other skills you need to develop.   Maybe it would be easier if you absolutely loved the subject.
$C: AP or IB? Some high schools have straight up dual credit, as in actual college credit for courses.
$C: [deleted]
$C: I took more naps in college than any other time in life because of the extra free time I had. If anything doesn’t prepare you well, it’s college for the real world! 
$C: [deleted]
$C: That entirely depends on what your major is and the level of rigor of the university you are going to.
$C: [deleted]
$C: > Studying is never required anywhere. It just helps if you don't want to be a dumbass.

Definitely not true
$C: > My kids' school is homework-free from Pre-K through high school

From their comment.
$C: Maybe just cause of my major in college (communications), I still read a lot for class. On the computer, yes, but still reading for class.
$C: Then I guess it won't matter? But there will be a significant amount that do go
$C: Sure, doing is always better than watching but you're going to have to do some visual learning to even know where to start.

I'm 5 years into uni and think a flipped classroom model is useful but for that the lectures which are 100% necessary need to be available online. Maybe that's what they are doing. 
$C: I just don't see how that's sustainable in the secondary English classroom. I'm all for saving the writing for my classroom and not sending essays home, but there just wouldn't be time for instruction if my students read the entirety of TKaM in class, for example. It just makes no sense. But I do appreciate the push towards moving the production into the classroom and just having an expectation of reading at home, at least for the HS English classroom.
$C: Yeah no the top charter HS in the country are not Montessori 

https://www.usnews.com/education/best-high-schools/national-rankings/charter-school-rankings
$C: See I don’t learn from homework. I always found it to be pointless busy work. Like why do I need to do homework if I get the material. Who knows...
$C: Ehhh probably on average like 3 and half hours of class a day
$C: I double majored in materials science and physics and got a minor in math. A lot of the concepts were impossible to pick up on the first run through and required a lot of practice
$C: Settle down, it was a joke. A lot of people don't get paid overtime if they're salary. 
$C: Okay got it. I was trying to imagine reading All Quiet On The Western Front with just class time. Or doing one difficult calculus problem. 
$C: There are definitely lazy people.  
$C: I read about some old timey general, like in the Prussian Army or some shit (too lazy to search him up, haha). He said that people could be smart and diligent, smart and lazy, stupid and diligent, or stupid and lazy. 

Stupid and lazy, and smart and diligent, were indifferent. Stupid and diligent was the worst, because they were actively doing stupid shit and screwing up.

Smart and lazy was the best, because they would find more efficient ways to do things (lowering their overall workload).
$C: And my dad used to say he could help me find some motivation. 
$C: On the other hand, people who need constant motivation to be productive don't get as far as people who develop discipline and can do without it. (Which can be most of the time in some careers).
$C: Also people with ADHD, i don't lack motivation, nor am I lazy...it just takes me 3 hours to switch between tasks on my own assuming i don't get pulled off the task by someone talking to me 
$C: Yeah but then she said "proper motivation" means a belt.
$C: Ooh I like this :)
$C: ^ this
$C: ["It's not that I'm lazy, it's that I just don't care."](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5rWP_PGfiow&feature=youtu.be&t=104)
$C: I feel it's not motivation rather discipline.

if you're motivated to do something, you do it. but it won't always let you get through the hard times and let you finish what you started. so many people start something and lose motivation like two steps in. I'm sure you can name some things that you are like "I'll surely do this" and then you stop going to the gym the next week.

But discipline carries you through. Even when you're not motivated, if you have discipline you can grind through it and come out having done something. Discipline is what keeps someone going when motivation fails.

 If motivation is the spark that starts a fire, discipline is the fuel that keeps the fire going, without it the fire burns out fast.
$C: Eh, that feels like a pretty old school philosophy. I’ve seen people given plenty of motivation that will continue to take the laziest path.

But it’s also a misconception that fear=motivation
$C: My dad said that before getting the belt once or twice. 
$C: That's what she said.
$C: My mom always said to never depend on motivation alone. Discipline is what helps you reach your goals. 
$C: My mom always said there are no lazy people... except for me, she always called me lazy
$C: From what I've seen, motivation only carries you so far. Discipline is whats needed. 
$C: Sounds like bullshit to me.  
$C: Belt, whip or fingers between drawer?
$C: Motivation comes and goes, drive is what you need
$C: Unless you're in my High School where the students would mess around all day (me included) then it was a blast. :)
$C: >motivated

>me

hol up
$C: We have some sort of VPN type thing we can download to let us remote in and work from home. It’s optional though so I refuse to download it. Even if it did come in handy in a pinch, I don’t want the nagging voice in the back of my head telling me I could/should be working when I’m at home. Everyone else loves it though. I require a pretty thick line between work and home. I’m also avoiding any level of responsibility that requires me on the company phone plan for the same reason.
$C: Even if it paid so much to let you retire 25 years early? 20?
$C: My job offers weekend work for extra pay, but it's optional. I told them on my hire date that I will never accept weekend work because those two days are mine.
$C: That must be nice. 
$C: I’ve been at my job for a year and I’ve done a few minor here and there’s for half of a Saturday. Nothing really to complain about, but if it happened weekly or even once a month I wouldn’t be too thrilled. 
$C: It depends on the work, no? Believe it or not sometimes I feel like working on my free time, even with no obligation to do so (I'm a computer vision researcher). It's just an interesting thing to do. 

If you really enjoyed what you did during work, wouldn't it be worth blurring the line?  
As in if your job was simply to do what you'd do anyway in your free time? 
$C: > Why work hard

Because that's how you get promoted and get to hand out the additional work. If promotions aren't possible, then hopefully it is what keeps you above the line when layoffs come around.
$C: Obligatory not op, but I had a math class where the teacher used a “flipped classroom” approach; lectures were videos online that were assigned as homework to be watched at home, usually about 15 minutes long. You could take notes at your own pace since it could be paused or replayed. Then you’d come to class the next day and briefly discuss it, and then apply what you learned to the work that would traditionally be the homework assignment. As long as all students had access to technology, I think it was a great setup. Works good for shorter class periods too.
$C: It depends on the curriculum and length of time in class. My high school had 90 min classes and my calculus teacher would teach for about 30 minutes then have us work on the homework the rest of the class time. We alternated which classes we had each day so any work you didn't finish in class and had questions about you could go to the teacher for help before or after school the next day. We ended up a bit ahead in curriculum learning calc ii stuff towards the end of the year and because of the set-up I learned much more efficiently in that class than all of the other math courses I took in middle or high school.
$C: Do less but do it more thoroughly. I prefer students have time to master concepts rather than have a shallow understanding of a lot of things.  
$C: I mean in high school, sure. In elementary school (which I thought is what this was really about) every assignment held value. Saying you'll blow some off doesn't really fly.
$C: I had similar experiences in high school. I just stopped caring and did bare minimums to play video games. I get the point that homework is good for reinforcement, but at the same time, kids should get to be kids. A brief sheet or set of problems for math or chemistry? Cool as long as it isn't every night. Reading for history and English? Cool as well. But there's no need for 5-6 teachers to assign hours of homework each. 
$C: How was everyone here such goodie two shoes who did their homework? I was maybe assigned 1-2 hours of homework every day in HS but tbh I did like 15 minutes on average.
$C: I didn’t do a single piece of homework the entire time I was in high school. I ended up with a 1.2 GPA, dropped out and got a full-time job, went three years later and got my high school diploma from an adult high school program with a 4.0 GPA and now I’m a year away from my BA in English. 

Honestly, the adult high school program was a hell of a lot better than actual high school, because the only people there were people who wanted to be. The teachers were super chill and never gave homework, mainly because we were all adults, so if you weren’t doing the class work you were probably not going to do the homework either.
$C: "I only assign one hour of homework a night!"

Yeah, so do my FIVE other teachers. 
$C: That was a common issue in middle school - each teacher wanted you to make their class your priority, and didn't factor in that all the other teachers had the exact same mindset. 

I remember it hit a boiling point during Projects Fair season, where every single teacher was asking the students to do a full project for their class. It culminated with the entire Honors program storming into the principal's office to 'air their grievances'. The principal had to sit the teachers down to get them all on the same page.
$C: I remember nights not sleeping at all and showing up late to class just to finish. Not trying to one-up anyone, but it's true. Some kids are great at finishing their work, some kids need extra time. It's ridiculous we expect this of children.

This is the best way to get kids to fail out of school and instigate deeper economic problems down the line.
$C: According to my school, AP classes should add *at least* an extra 2 hours of homework. Makes no sense since some people take 3 or 4 APs. 
$C: I remember one night my freshman year of high school, I was in Honors English. I had to make a map Ship Wreck Island after we read "The Most Dangerous Game." That night, I had a fever of 103 and I vividly remember lying on the floor in my moms living room, coloring this thing until 1 am while Jurassic Park played in the background. I still went to school the next day, while still running a fever, to turn it in because she wouldn't take any assignments late, even if you missed class for being legitimately sick. Good news is she got fired one month into second semester for posting a "wall of shame" with students names and grades. Good riddance. That class ruined me, and I refused to take Honors English for the rest of my school career.
$C: Those type of teachers are the ones that don't teach well and suck, that was everyone of my teachers in high school and I almost dropped out 
$C: And they wonder why students sleep in class.
$C: We called our teacher out on this. He complained that only a couple of students had finished their homework, so we complained back that it takes hours to do, and when every class expects is to take a couple of hours, we quickly have no time at all.

Watched his face as it seemed to dawn on him for the first time that students had six other classes from his.

He didn't assign us any homework after that.
$C: Oh man, high school was terrible. Significantly worse than any job. I’d be doing homework super late, then wake up at 6:30, to do it all again. Teachers and parents would also be like “well don’t procrastinate”. Maybe I’m procrastinating because I got 5 hours of sleep the last week and don’t want to be doing your homework? When I started to work, I was amazed at how easy it was. Get in at 9, leave at 5, maybe 6. No homework, no tests. And you get paid! Pretty fucking great. 
$C: I just didn't do any homework. Teachers would assign it then just go over it as a class and never asked students for answers. I just filled it all in as I went. 
$C: Many nights I watched late night talk shows as I finished my busy work. It was either copying pages of vocab words, pasting handouts into a notebook or making poster presentations. My mom would check on me sometimes, telling me it was past my bedtime. I would have chosen sleep over that any day. 
$C: > There was one teacher who told us to expect to have 1-2 hours of homework just for her class every night. It fucking sucked.

One teacher? Try every teacher outside of PE. High school was fucking harder than college. I guess I was prepared though.
$C: Sometimes in high school I'd have class until 3, national honor society from 3 to 4, slam poetry practice from 4 to 5, sculpture work from 5 to 6, and musical practice from 6 to 9. I'd get home at around 10, finish my homework at 1 or 2, and then wake up at 5:30 the next morning to get to school on time so I could do it all again.
$C: I just started 11th grade and almost every single teacher told me I’d be doing 1-2 hours of homework for their class a night.  RIP me, I guess.
$C: what happened if you didnt do it? because that's rediculous 
$C: 1AM? Lucky little shit. I pulled many all nighters for AP classes. 
$C: I did this with my father in *elementary* school. The high achieving math teacher was assigning us problems of Olympiad caliber. To be fair some of the students in that class went on to win [IMO](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/International_Mathematical_Olympiad) medals but plebs like me suffered tremendously.
$C: Man you are strong injust wouldnt have done it. I always got close to hundies on my exams tho.
$C: I'd tell her bollox
$C: I disliked the second highschools policy on homework a lot, but one thing I did appreciate was that teachers really weren't allowed assign more than 10 minutes worth of homework a night (besides ap) per class, and they were lenient with that, most of the time I'd finish within 5-6. If you had issues completing it within that time frame you obviously didn't understand the subject and they would help you with it.
$C: Yeah like wtf, when are we ever going to use homework in the real world.
$C: Whenever I had periods of time with little homework my parents would always pull out the syllabus and say “but this says students in your grade should have 1 hour per class!” Of course, this doesn’t always happen but they were expecting me to have that much every night. That also means that they expected me to have FIVE TO SIX HOURS of homework every night and were perfectly fine with that. 
$C: Relatable. I went to a stupidly hard elementary and high school. I was pulling all nighters as a 6th grader. Had panic attacks all throughout high school, mostly because I was worried about all the assignments I needed done. Rarely slept for more than 6 hours a night on weekdays. I rarely talked with others outside of school, weekends were for sleep. Never got a chance to really form friendships. I developed a hormonal imbalance that later resulted in other stress related health problems- guess what the doctor said? It was “stress related”, apparently all my headaches, forgetfulness, constant muscle pain, PCOS- all related to my hellish school experience. I’m only just now starting to take care and treat all this stuff after graduating college. 

When someone asks me about my schools and ask if I’d recommend them (cause they’re well known where I am) I tell them to go someplace more relaxed and keep your sanity. It’s not worth your health and future. 
$C: "Homework was 15% of the final grade"

What you're saying is that I've got a chance to get a B+
$C: FIFTEEN FOR THE POWER AND TWENTY ON THE BONUS
$C: Poorly at first. I had severe depression during my first year. My second year I took reduced class loads and did a lot better. Realized my major wasn't for me though and did a double major for a year in my junior year to test the waters. Switched over and finished it out in 5.5 years. So....not amazing. 
$C: I started doing that in high school. I wanted to be a kid so I just didn't care. 
$C: Get more parents involved if your kid knows his friends and classmates are experiencing the same thing!
$C: The standard curriculum for 8th grade. Just every teacher gave more homework than they should have. 
$C: My eighth-grade year was 2005-2006. It got better after a bunch of parents rallied together for the first PTA meeting. They lightened up then. 
$C: There was no "super intense advanced coursework", it was eighth grade. Everyone took the same courses, save if you got placed in a more advanced math class, which was really only you took a bit faster paced algebra. 
$C: Ditto. From Kindergarten until High School, if my work didn't get done during school hours it didn't get done. Usually I would work on it right after it was assigned (in class), or before class started just before it was due, for that class. I abhorred homework and always found much better things to do (IMO) outside of school.
$C: Wow, I don't remember typing this comment either, weird. This is definitely me
$C: Ok here’s the real litmus test though...have you ever told someone to finger their butt?
$C: Same here, I never completed a homework assignment in my life, unless it was in class, or a science experiment. I aced tests and classwork tho.
But turns out if you do this you can't pass 9th grade, then you dropout, and become homeless, but YMMV
$C: No, this is me.
$C: I should probably slow down on this drink, because I definitely forgot about writing this already. 
$C: I think I succeeded at life because this is also me and now still me at my job 
$C: 85-15 rule. it takes 85% of the time to finish the last 15% of the work or something like that. Be the guy who finishes the first 85% and it will look like you are always doing a lot of work. Be the guy stuck finishing the last 15% and you will look slow.
$C: I hadd a buddy in high school that always tried to get a 92 in every class.  Enough margin to rarely accidentally fall to a B but on a four point scale, any point over 90 is wasted effort.  
$C: Lmao no it’s my fault
$C: Your point at the end is definitely right!
$C: I have a hunch that this is the redditor-way
$C: [deleted]
$C: When I was TAing classes as a grad student, I tried to learn from my time as an undergrad bio major. I knew a lot of them would be in the same 3 other classes, and I had no way of knowing when those classes had exams or big projects due. 

So on Day 1, I told my students that if one of my due dates lined up with some other big thing, LET ME KNOW. I only ever had to move one thing (bumped a lab report out by a week), but earned their undying gratitude for being reasonable.
$C: Ive heard of high schools experimenting with non-semestered approach, where all courses for a year are taken concurrently, except every other day instead of every day. The teachers thought that since they saw the kids half as often, they could assign double the homework. 
$C: College professors are constrained by the amount of time they and their TAs have to grade material.
$C: Also sports and a social life and maybe some sleep. Luckily school was always easy for me because I learned fast, only subject I really struggled with was math because having to take the time to write out problems when i knew i was never going to use those skills later in life was just terrible for me. 

Basic math  I use all the time. Algebra yea also quite often anything other then that not at all, except for maybe one or two building projects around the house.  
$C: College professors aren’t better at tempering your workload in relation to your other responsibilities. You just don’t have any busy work. They are, however, more flexible when able. 
$C: What kind of shitty administration did your school have, that they thought, that 7 subjects per day would be okay?

We had 3 subjects per day, and on 1 day a week, 4.
It was 1.5 hours per subject because in 45 mins you don't learn anything anyway. Like, what's the point in 45 mins of math? Can't really start a new topic in 45 minutes.
$C: I never did any homework. We were just blown away by the expectation of ten hours of studying per night.
$C: r/nothingeverhappens
$C: Those teachers names? Albert Einstein
$C: So more than most people
$C: Define more comfortable?  Lots of single parents out there as well. I myself when graduating school out in 10 hours a day 6 to 1 days a week at 17. Sometimes work a twelve. I would say that covered 30% of my overall bills before I was a homeowner and I was pretty frugal. 

Edit: started thinking more and life isn't perfect.  People get laid off,  need to save money to be homeowners, sometimes take risk and fail. One of the realist reddit comments I read "If you take well calculated risk and failure makes you go broke you are considered working poor"
$C: Mine was 6:50-1:50 with 50 minute periods, 5/10 minute breaks, and a 35 minute lunch break. One of those periods was always a study hall. So about 280 minutes, or 4 hours and 40 minutes of actual class time. Considering the fact that many teachers give assignments in class that have to be finished as hw and the fact that we had a study hall, the homework load was not heavy, maybe an hour a night. I had football/baseball practice for about 2hr30min a day. So I would say my workload for the average day in high school was about 8 hours plus or minus 1. Not that bad. Also consider that kids don't typically have to pay bills or get groceries.  
  
I got good grades got into college and did not burn out at all. This was the typical experience of my peers. If you think those 5/10 minute breaks don't count towards free time, you're definitely wrong because I don't take 10 minute breaks (regularly) at my job, nor do I receive a study hall to goof off, and to add: sports are fun. Not work. If your parent is pushing you to do some extra curricular you don't like, then that's bad parenting.  
  
Also, how are kids going to learn how to write reports, and read books if they don't have any homework. Research is an important skill and so is reading. People who don't read books are generally less intelligent than people who do. To see that we can simply look at all the people from history that are dubbed geniuses; clearly, they were well read.  
  
Now, keep in mind I'm not claiming at all that I'm a genius. Just that in my weaker public school education I gained a solid academic foundation. And I think that omitting reports or assigned reading would have weakened that foundation. 
$C: You obviously haven't been in school for a long time. 

Its amazing how many retards(as in slow) Canadian Public school system produces. Right ripe for the Liberal Arts bullshit degree mill which has no future prospect and mountain of debt.

Its almost as if everyone is entitled and lazy but want to be CEO earning millions with out working for it.

I didn't like School but I liked home work. Most teachers sucked, curriculum sucked, didn't learn shit unless I looked in the parts of the book that teachers avoided like the plague. It taught me to be curious and go beyond the minimum and made me understand the importance of having a good habit.

I also skipped a grade not because I was smarter I simply worked harder. Teachers despised me because they had to 1: Challenge me, 2: Do additional work. 

Canadian educational system is garbage. This is one of the reasons our company which is a Tech/Knowledge company has such low percentage of actual Born Canadians in it. Most are immigrants including myself.

Maybe this is why I earn 100k a year and you probably don't. 
$C: 9am to 3:30pm is standard in Aus, with 1.5hrs break times. 

So that's 5hrs. 5.5hrs if you've got a 30min lunch or something.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Countries that are slingshotting ahead of us in Math and Science...I work in high-technology manufacturing and most of our most brilliant engineers are on H1-Bs from Asia.
$C: Excessive homework is pretty recent development, strangely.  The thing is, it's made no difference in the academic success of US students who continue to perform poorly in math and science.  The big stick is only hurting them.  
$C: And yet ALSO more scheduled time-intensive activities than the past. 
$C: Yeah 3-4 hours of homework in high school was pretty standard where I am in Australia too. Id leave at 7 (just as dragonball Z would start) bus to school, bus home by 6 then homework til 10ish. Pretty normal day.
$C: lol..... if its anything like my gran and grandfather, school finished when you were 12 and homework involved working the farm for 5 hours a day.... this was 1930's out Glen Innes way NSW.  different time and hard to compare I would think.  Childhoods ended pretty early back in those days.
$C: My nana did that too!

I was 19 and in college and visited her and just sat on a laptop and did homework the whole time. And she was like 'Is this what you do all day? All of the time?'. She was so despondent. She is a cool lady, too. First female editor of Rand McNally, model, graduated suma cum laude in the 40's from her university. And never had the homework we did...
$C: I think saying nan gave the Ozzy part away!
$C: Yeah, I remember my grandparents/parents saying the same when I was expected to do 1-2 hours of h/w each evening. People educated in mid-20th Century never had to do that amount, even at grammar/independent schools.
$C: In the 7 minutes allotted to get from one side of the campus to the other and why didn't you use the bathroom before you got to class?

Edit: TIL my school was quite benevolent with those glorious 7 minutes between classes.
$C: 😂
$C: I’m 25 and I still get the occasional anxiety fueled nightmare about middle school. 
$C: And what did you choose if you dont mind me asking?
$C: Partly
$C: Soooo, not exactly then? Lol
$C: Very true. It conditions kids to resent studying and learning later on. Research papers, for example, can be good for showing that you're capable of finding the information you need on your own.

But this and testing are just things that traumatize kids and saddle them with either anxiety or extreme apathy.

All homework taught me was how to be a world class procrastinator. 
$C: no one gains from unnecessarily heavy work loads, that's why they are "unnecessarily heavy"
$C: Or maybe you learned to make excuses. 
$C: More like party
$C: I was a great student in every regard until I had one teacher in 6th grade that absolutely loved punishing kids that didn't turn in every assignment of homework for the week, usually a couple for each subject for the week, and I would miss one, so I had to copy definitions out of the dictionary while the other kids had free time. She thought I had too much potential to not do every single piece of busy work she assigned to the point she made me resent school the next 6 years
$C: I blame this for how I turned out. Haha, yeah, was definitely not my fault. Heh.
$C: Elementary students are generally not in charge of their own time and homework not getting done is more likely to be related to the schedule and availability of a parent than anything else. The homework isn’t teaching discipline or time management, the parent is and there are plenty of ways to learn that. Conversely, children without parental involvement get doubly harmed because they have an uninvolved parent (for whatever reason, many of which are completely valid) and because they are receiving a consequence at school for not having an involved parent. That particular situation gives you a kid in a situation without adults they feel are looking out for them. 
$C: Discipline is still being taught. Stay focused in class and finish your homework or you'll have to finish it at home. A situation that is much closer to real life as well. 
$C: 10 year olds, much less 7 year olds, are not cognizant of what homework is trying to reinforce. Kids need to learn far more concrete lessons in order to grow appropriately, in my opinion. Discipline, dedication, and time management skills are things I'd put on my resume, not things I'd expect on my 2nd grade teacher's yearly goals for the students.
$C: 99% of kids are not “scheduling” out their homework. They’re doing it on the bus, right before class, and any moments that arent going to involve them sitting at a table for two hours after sitting at a desk for eight. 

Edit: Guys it’s obviously an exaggeration. Quit sending me messages saying “that number isn’t accurate”
$C: I think elementary school is probably the wrong time to instill this habit. Children aren't supposed to work like this. Other forms of work, sure. Cleanliness, some physical labor like helping to maintain a home or taking care of animals, these things are fine, but they also aren't as boring as homework. Everything we've ever seen suggests kids absolutely hate doing boring things, and that can't be changed, so we should stop making them do boring things with no evidence of their benefit. 
$C: Students can still exercise the same disciple and dedication when it comes to trying to finish the work assigned during class time. If they don't finish, they will have to take it home to work on. This will motivate students to not waste class time if it means they can go home homework free. 

Often times there are missed opportunities to ask for help or clarification from the teacher if the student decides to not finish it during class time. 

When I was in elementary school, my grandparents raised my siblings and I while my parents worked. Because of the language barrier, they weren't able to help me if I had some difficulty completing homework.  
$C: You can learn consistent habits at any stage in your life. There are many ways to teach discipline, so why not focus on ways that are shown to develop healthy life balance? You can start giving homework a little later, like middle school age, when kids are allowed more self -direction. 
$C: The only discipline homework ever instilled in me is refusing to do any work on my own time. Good deeds for friends and family are the only exception.
$C: Ugh, no, it just creates a burden on the parents. Trying to figure out if they actually had homework and then pestering them to do it.
$C: Well I think part of the teacher's point is that according to the research she read (which presumably was peer reviewed studies), and not just basing her decision off of what she preferred or is traditional, homework had negligible benefit, while the other things she listed statistically were more likely to provide benefits. So before assuming that homework actually does teach discipline, dedication, and time management, I would want to see evidence that it contributes to these meaningfully.
$C: Mandatory homework policies frequently result in many homework tasks being non-essential to their learning, and students are well aware when this is the case and begin to view all homework as inane busy-work.

Considered as just an exercise of training people to do things they don't want to do... well that's already what school is for a lot of people. Motivated students will revisit topics and seek out help when they need to without prompting, and unmotivated ones will half-ass or copy their homework anyway.

Setting homework in an ad-hoc way when it really matters reinforces the importance of the task. It's similar to people that mark every e-mail "urgent."
$C: That's taught by having the kids sit for 3-4 hours at a time and expecting them to pay attention. 
$C: Do you have any evidence that homework does teach those things?
$C: I never did homework until college and I turned out fine.
$C: You didn't do your homework in homeroom or the 5-10 mins before the teacher picked it up? Assuming you didn't just What discipline?

Homework taught me I'd be fine doing things last second lol.
$C: Homework taught me to avoid work outside of the bare minimum. I was able to pass most classes without dping much because my test scores carried me through. If no homework had been assigned i would have been an A student. Possibly valedictorian material. As it stands, my grades disqualified me from attending most higher education despite my high SAT and ACT scores.
$C: Personally it taught me to avoid stuff like that and lose interest in things that seemed overly repetitive with 0 reason behind them, I could always pass tests without doing it so never saw a reason to care about the tons of hw they would assign. 
$C: I totally get your point and agree but only to a certain extent. I feel that it's much easier to be disciplined and dedicated to your work if you're actually passionate about the work you're doing. 
$C: those can be taught in middle and high school with reasonable work loads.  The "homework in elementary school" fad caught on around when I started my career, the thinking that "if you don't practice this now, you'll NEVER LEARN IT LATER" which is a) not supported by any research and b) utter horseshit.  

Mostly, it was a fad to force kids to memorize shit for the NCLB tests back when they would close a school down for "not improving enough" (not making it to 100% at standard every fucking year).  Now that people's livelihood isn't on the line for test scores (that don't measure anything except racial and economic inequality), they can go back to a way of teaching that is actually beneficial to kids.
$C: I've never heard of stress causing cancer- I'm very sorry to hear that you're currently suffering, but please try not to blame your teachers for your battle.

Most reasonable teachers- myself included- are more than willing to modify homework requirements for students like you (I've had a number of students where we've come to an agreement that's workable for them). It sounds like most of your teachers were understanding, so that's great. Did you have an IEP or a case manager? It does sound like you should have had clearly documented modifications for your classes which would have helped immensely to ensure your success without hampering the rigor of your learning.

I'm also sorry to hear that college was difficult for you, but the reality of it is that it is meant to be difficult because that's the value of the diploma. I had a hard time in college myself- it took me nine years to graduate.
$C: I can understand that. I'm pretty laissez-faire about homework: I assign all the homework for the chapter on the first day, and collect all of it on the day of the test- meaning kids have anywhere from two to five weeks to get it done. I don't believe in assigning daily work, but I do believe that what I assign is important because it a) helps reinforce classroom discussions/labs/demos, which are woefully short, and b) allows students to practice at their own pace without feeling pressured. To be honest most kids simply don't do it, since it isn't worth a ton of points, or they cheat and copy the answers from chegg or from somebody's Snapchat (I'm not an idiot, I know how these things work). Either way, I don't care, because what matters- exactly like you said- are the exams.

I'm not saying that my way is perfect, but hopefully the reasoning behind my decision makes sense to you!
$C: Homework targeted on problem areas for 30+ different kids (or for me, 150+ kids...) sounds like a logistic nightmare, but that's a whole different beast.

I am glad that homework worked for you. As a teacher, that sounds a lot like you had some form of dyslexia. Banging your head against a wall sometimes works but sometimes doesn't. If I had a student who was clearly intelligent but struggling in one particular area, I would try to uncover the source of that problem instead of simply requiring them to do additional repetitive work.

You're not wrong- there are very likely a number of situations where homework would help kids. But I would imagine a teacher taking a genuine interest in their learning would be better: who's to say if some professional-grade learning therapy would have helped you faster? Just something to consider, at least.
$C: Are you a parent or a teacher?

Having parents practice with their kids is great and I would NEVER discourage parents taking active roles in their children's education. However, having it be an "assignment"- especially before kids have the agency to even accomplish the assignment entirely independently- is when you run into trouble. The kids that don't need the practice as much are the ones getting it (i.e. the ones that have active parents), and the kids that really need the practice aren't (the ones with difficult home situations). There are exceptions in both areas but even at the high school level this is pretty apparent.
$C: I'd be *very* cautious about telling your teacher what to do! Frame it more as a question: "Is doing homework important? Why do you think so?"

I have a feeling they won't be very receptive to the fact that you heard this from a guy on reddit, but at least you might get some insight into your teacher's thought process.
$C: A brief synopsis from TIME: [http://time.com/4466390/homework-debate-research/](http://time.com/4466390/homework-debate-research/)

tl,dr; homework doesn't help pretty much for sure in elementary school, there is evidence it is useful from grades 7-12.
$C: Which is precisely my point! Kids SHOULD be taught time management, responsibility, discipline, and tenacity.... by the time they are 18. No reason to try to make them become adults before they (or the real world) are ready.
$C: I hear the footsteps of hundreds of thousands of Chinese, Korean and Indian children taking their seats in American college classrooms, because American raised kids dont have the edcational rigor to compete. 

Yeah, mental health, suicide, cheating cultures...
$C: Didn't consider this. Any examples of how they are different?
$C: As the parent of an elementary schooler, I couldn't disagree more.  My kid LOVES to read. The kind of kid who regularly gets caught hiding under the covers hours past bedtime with a reading light and a Magic Treehouse book.

Then that God awful reading log comes home and reading stops being fun and becomes a chore.  My kid wants nothing to do with it; all it's done is teach him that reading is something you do because you have to, not because you want to.  I spent most of last school year fighting with my kid every night trying to force him to get his minutes in and watching his passion for reading die a slow painful death.  So I started tossing the reading log straight into the recycling bin as soon as it came home and within a couple weeks, he was back to his beloved books.  

He did really well with the incentive-based summer reading program at the library though.  Logically, it makes a lot more sense, especially with younger kids.

Edited because I'm a clumsy typist an accidentally posted this before I finished writing it.
$C: Ugh I loath the reading log.  It’s really just homework for parents.  My kids never remember stuff like that no matter how many different methods I’ve tried.  If I don’t remind them, it doesn’t get done.  And they don’t seem to learn anything from whatever the consequences are for not doing it either at that age.  It’s just another thing on my list.  And I already passed second grade.  We read a lot and we all like to read but the damn log is the bane of my existence. 
$C: Good work teaching your students to game the system at a young age!
$C: Reading logs are terrible. Before 4th grade I was super into reading, I would finish a novel a week. Then from 4th to 8th grade we had reading logs, and I slowly declined to not reading at all. They replaced my own enjoyment of reading with just something I was obligated to do. My mindset turned from "oh, I want to relax so I guess I might read" to "if I read I have to pull out the log, write a summary, get my mom to sign it, ugh I guess I'll just see what's on tv." Not one kid who liked reading enjoyed filling out the logs, and not one kid who didn't like reading actually found that they enjoyed books and continued reading after the year was over.
$C: ‘I believe reading at home is important’

Not to be mean but shouldn’t you have evidence that it is important instead of just ‘believing’ it?  I hated forced outside reading as a kid.  Wouldn’t it be better to allow kids to pursue a topic or hobby that they have interest in?
$C: Hey it's ur teacher. Try it again son. 
$C: I did my thesis on the subject so I understand that there is some evidence of performance increases. But I’m speaking about eight year olds in poverty.  I work in a school where 100% of the students get free lunch. Two parents attended back to school night... at 3 pm directly after school. Eight year olds with little parental homework support will not benefit from a ton of homework each night. And should NOT be punished for it or set up to fail. 
$C: 100% free and reduced lunch. Two parents came to back to school night... at 3:00, three minutes after school got out. Little parental homework support at my school. 
$C: You’re right. That’s why it’s just the book title and parent initials, if possible. I used to have them write about the book but it was too much. And not fun. 
$C: what?
$C: You clearly know nothing about pedagogy and curricula 
$C: This is a Russian bot.
$C: Volt?
$C: Still got paid tho
$C: Thank you for subscribing to creepy facts!

Did you know: A '98 Camry's trunk can easily hold over 5 bodies!
$C: I have done this research; micro-cut shredders cost a bit more
$C: This is what happens when you don't hire woodland animals to dispose of evidence.
$C: Hey there! How're you? :)
$C: Every semester/quarter/whatever that she does not get one, I'd give her one for being an awesome, well-rounded kid. And an envelope with a ticket to her favorite place in town.
$C: Finally! A use for my skill of: finding the most efficient way to get useless items/certificates!
$C: I would just let my kid read the harder books and not do the assignments for the easier ones. Fuck it I'm gonna have them progress further. 
$C: Sucks man, but at least she has you to help. 
$C: She can't figure out homework meant for a 6 year old...?
$C: The mother doesn’t understand homework intended for 6 year olds? 
$C: She'll remember who was there for her and who wasn't.
$C: You sounds like a good dad though, keep it up
$C: Her mother didn't understand grade 1 math? Wtf? 
$C: I’m concerned that your ex seems to struggle with homework intended for a six year old...
$C: > the mother doesn't understand any of the homework

How can the mother not understand homework meant for a 6 year old?
$C: Holy shit, the mother doesn't understand kindergarten work?  Danggggggggggg dude.  Did it blow her mind when you did the math when tipping on a bill?
$C: The mother doesn't understand work given to a 6 year old?
$C: Talk to the school. If you’re sweet and diplomatic you might be able to opt out of homework.
$C: OUCH she's 6 she doesn't need to do any homework over holidays. Let alone be rushi rushing to do when she's with her dad who she has limited time with :( 
$C: The mother doesn't understand homework meant for a six year old?
$C: Wait.. she doesn't understand homework for a 6 year old? *How?*
$C: ah yes #stupidperks
$C: Tell the teacher to go fuck themself
$C: And then you enjoyed detention? 
$C: Holiday break for kids is usually a week or 2.
$C: What the actual fuck. A high schooler couldn't do 160 a4 pages in 2 weeks without jumping off a building 

Who's doing this shit
$C: Yes, because nothing ever happens.
$C: this for a 6 yr old? I can’t believe that. That’s insane even for a country like Korea that famously gives a shit ton of hw.
$C: I have this philosophy with things like that - once my daughter feels like it is too much, that's the line. If I think it's utterly ridiculous, I let her be the judge. 

It's similar to the religion classes you have to opt in to. If she wants to go, she can, but I will never require her to do so.
$C: Less homework than what?  You don't know how much I give, only that it's apparently less than a 6 year old gets.  

> You know damn well you learned the same concepts and reinforcing at home was next to useless.

No, I don't know that.  

> Don't give into the pressure to teach the way you were taught or keep up with the teacher across the hall. 

I'm not.  
$C: 1. She's fucking 6.

2. Your school isn't going to waste 160 pages on a random-ass student. Pics or it didn't happen.
$C: Ah well that's sweet, you sound like a great father. Best of luck in secondary! 
$C: Its either frankenstein or dracula, which we have to analyze and then write an analytical essay on it
$C: English is honestly the worst subject of them all
$C: Yeah never realy learned those life lessons about bullying myself. Interpersonal skills...what?
$C: I dunno. The homeschool kids I know are all still weird as f in their thirties 
$C: Absolutely - I think the homeschooling time was on balance better than school for my development as a functioning human being, I just meant that I wasn't exactly well prepared for the time I did spend in school (which was definitely the right decision and I don't regret it at all)
$C: I think you are somewhat missing his point. 

School-as-daycare is the problem, not how many days a week they go. The parent comment (though anecdotal) was making the point that one hour of quality instruction and an hour of focused homework was enough to outshine the 8+ hours a day their peers were getting.

The problems are far more fundamental than which party has the bully pulpit. 
$C: If i remember the story correctly, those parents voted down multiple referendums about funding.

EDIT: I was wrong, it wasn't referendums but bond elections. 6 failed bond elections.
$C: Money rarely makes it to the classroom. It tends to get stuck paying for bureaucrats.
$C: The point being that much of what is in school is utter bullshit and can be knocked out in an hour or two, but parents will have nobody to watch their kids if the kids are not in school. 
$C: I'm sure betsy devous is a very nice lady
$C: That would require money to go to schools, but schools can't afford lobbyists, so that isn't likely to ever happen.
$C: Was it about funding to begin with?
$C: We actually have some of the highest-funded schools of any country in the world, if you look at how much is spent per-student. The problem is where that money goes to.

&#x200B;

Plus, no matter how much money you throw at a toilet, at the end of the day, all it can do is suck shit. The school system is designed around busy work and testing so that it can be an 8-hour government sponsored daycare, plain and simple. 
$C: We know.  It's not us voting to cut school funding, it's the fucktard baby boomers whose kids have already grown up, that vote to cut funding to everything the second they personally stop needing it.
$C: The public education system is already overfunded. 

More money **will not help**.
$C: The number of workers earning minimum wage is extremely small. 
$C: The school district is offering it at a reasonable price. There are many concerns about this change but a once a week day care at a reasonable price is not one.
$C: You could have googled it, but here you go: https://www.cnbc.com/2018/08/17/colorado-school-district-introduces-4-day-weeks-to-cut-costs.html
$C: I think your math is off.  

$1500 a month would mean they are attending daycare every day..... and that each month has 50 days.
$C: Someone needs that four days of schooling.
$C: > $1500 per month

How are you sending your kid to daycare for 50 days per month?
$C: Tryyyyy again! 1 day A WEEK because of 4 SCHOOL Days rather than 5!
$C: What did you use for math?  Assuming a single child, just Mondays, it would be 120 per month, or ~1200 per year.
$C: The $30 is for the fifth day that was lost so it's $30x4(weeks in a month)=$120 for daycare.

The other 4 days a week are free because they are school days.

Also even if it was $30 every day, $30x20=$600 a month, or $30x20x9=$5400 per school year if every school day were daycare ($30).
$C: Not every day. One day a week. $120 per month. 
$C: how many days are in your months?
$C: Uhhhh. Four days a week is school and one day a week is day care ($30). Unless I'm totally retarded, that comes to $120 a month (assuming four Fridays, not to mention older/reaponsible kids could stay home).
$C: You only need daycare for one day a week, so it would only be $120 a month.
$C: You’re off by a factor of 10 there, bud.
$C: 1 day a week. So, $120 a month, $960 a year assuming 8 month school year.
$C: Not sure how you came to that number, $30/day for 31 days is $930. The kids wouldn't be going to this day care every day (definitely not weekends), seems like they'd only be going on Fridays.

Even if they went 25 days of the month, you are spending $750. I don't have kids but that seems like a good deal.
$C: It would just be 4 days a month though. So only $120 per month per child. $960 a school year. 
$C: I believe that $30 is just for the Monday class day that is no longer available. So it'll be closer to $150 for 32 hours of daycare a month, $1200 a year.
$C: It would only be for the 1 new day off. So ~120/mo and ~1000/school year.
$C: $120 a month. They're in school 4 days, day care for $30 the fifth. $920 a year.
$C: Do you have any idea how much child care is?
$C: Or...once a week for the the 36 week school year, or about 1000 bucks for the year. 
$C: Exactly. Like he said, the school yard can teach you where you do and don't fit in.
$C: This is the right answer. I was homeschooled and definitely struggled to fit in but with enough exposure to peers, I worked out what was/wasn’t socially acceptable. But it’s because my parents allowed those outlets and sought out ways for us to socialize with other kids. We knew plenty of religious fundamentalists who never let their kids have “worldly” friends and they ended up being social disasters. I homeschool my kids now but they do all the same stuff public schooled kids do and have lots of friends. They watch brainless shows and read plenty of idiotic books because their peers do. And I’m fine with that because I also know they’re reading and watching heady stuff too. There are two categories of correctable behavior in kids: parent-corrected behavior and peer-corrected behavior. We all need a healthy dose of both. 
$C: I'm not sure what you mean. 
$C: That's great, honestly. Didn't mean to offend. To be fair, I did say it would depend on the child  and wether or not you had siblings to interact with but I can see how it would be irritating to keep hearing that. Perhaps I should have said it could potentially lead to a 'set back', socially, Instead of the rigid wording I used, 
$C: The stereotype does exist for a reason. It doesn’t mean all homeschooled kids can’t socialize.
$C: What's with the agro, buddy? I never said 'socially retarded' those are your words. I said 'socially stunted', which is not the same thing by my account. I also said that it would depend on the child! As in, NOT all children. And yes I had a close friend who was home schooled, growing up. He was musically gifted and had a deep intellect. He also suffered from social anxiety and was generally awkward in social situations. I'm not saying there is a direct correlation but that's my experience.  Not that I need to prove myself to you.

The irony here is that you are displaying poor social skills by just attacking me because my views don't match your own. I hope for your argument's sake, you weren't home schooled.




$C: That's great, I didn't know that. Where abouts on the globe, do you know?
$C: And that, right there, is the issue. Time and attention are finite resources, diluted way too much in overcrowded classrooms.
$C: I wasn't asking the question for myself. I was wondering what the specific person I replied to thought.
$C: Lol not unless you wanna retake 7th/8th grade English. 
$C: Oh, for sure. Some teachers don’t seem to get that their subject isn’t the ONLY one. 

In our school, trying to keep stuff manageable was a district wide goal. As a MS core subject team, we usually tried to make sure we were giving like 10 minutes or less of work on a game night (small town, most everyone plays sports still in middle school) and 20 minutes or less on a regular night. We’d also let each other know if we had big projects coming up and we scheduled our tests so that they never had more than 2 in a day (unless it was extenuating circumstances). 

And I think that’s the way to do it. We kept stuff manageable and the communication between our team was great. It also allowed us to share observations of different kids and note behavior changes, life circumstances that could affect them, etc. 
$C: Fair point. But when the majority of the class is engaged, it’s usually a student choosing not to use his or her time. 

Now, could I make the lesson more focused on their learning style? Sure, but then others aren’t as engaged. Rarely will any lesson catch every kid. But you do your best to vary things up and you track what lessons went well and which ones bombed and you try to improve it next time. 

It’s always weird when a lesson that goes over great with one group (maybe a certain year or just one section, it depends) just bombs with another. Always so weird because then you’re not sure what went wrong or why the varying reactions. 
$C: See and I try to stress that in junior high (I taught 7th & 8th grade), you’re getting old enough to make your own decisions. If you don’t want to listen, that’s on you. 

But I also stressed that if your decisions start affecting others, there’s a problem. If you don’t wanna listen, fine. But don’t “not listen” in such a fashion that no one around you can listen either, because you don’t get to make decisions for others. 

That being said, these days almost all JH kids have phones. So they’re talking at home. And our 7-12 grade kids have 1:1 chromebooks— so if they don’t have phones, they have their chromebook and can either “hangout” or email. Or even use different apps/plugins. Last I knew, Snapchat even had a chromebook app! 
$C: Total, yes. I didn't correctly recall the study in my original comment apparently, but the data suggests that assigning crazy amounts of HW like you describe is not worth it. I try to assign 20 minutes max figuring if all teachers did that, they'd have 1-2 hours per night. But of course not all teachers do... Thankfully my dept head is in the "quality over quantity" camp when it comes to HW.
$C: I gave data for 8th graders in math, very specific. It's possible OP's picture is from an elementary school teacher. 

I don't know the research, but my gut feeling as a teacher is that HW probably isn't as beneficial for younger kids. I'd personally prefer that they have time at home to play and connect with their family as that has proven positive impacts on performance.
$C: This is just data for math. And this doesn't say don't assign HW ever, it just suggests that assigning more is not necessarily better for performance.

If I remember from high school my teachers assigned a chapter or two a night, which is a perfectly reasonable 30 minute assignment.
$C: I have a 7yo who has homework and this is how I feel. It’s no more than 20 minutes a day in elementary school and its teaching him self discipline and time management. 
$C: I can't believe I had to scroll down as far as I did before I found a comment like this. That teacher is setting her students up for failure in later years imo. I hated doing homework when I was a kid but it taught me time management skills and the importance of not procrastinating, not to mention I learned the material better with the extra practice. I never would have learned any of that if I had teachers like this.
$C: My math teacher in 11th grade just gave us all stamp sheets, and you get a stamp on it if you did your homework. He also let the students check if the homework was done.

I rarely ever did homework in that class, same with everyone else. And we still did a good job on the in class stuff. 

Seems like he was more concerned with us doing what we were given in class and didn't really care for the homework, he was a chill teacher
$C: I had a homework where I just had to find quotes for a book and write something in 4 columns for the quote. So i just did half the quotes, wrote big, made more columns, got 100. Realized maybe I've been trying too hard this entire time.
$C: I did this in high school too, no time to do it during or before class so I just used the homework from the night before lmao
$C: I know you are probably joking or exaggerating but I never understood this thought process in school. Especially not in math class. What do you gain from cheating like this? 
$C: I fucking hate that guy
$C: Yep I had this guy in my AP Macroecon. Answers every question asks so many questions even the teacher gets tired of answering them and always makes sure to remind the teacher to check homework. Near the end of the year the seniors were planning on doing a "walk out" and made a huge group chat to plan it but of course someone decided to invite him and he immediately snitches to the student office, getting the entire senior class in trouble. Everyone hated him but at the end of the day he graduated with $600,000 in scholarships and a full ride to UGA so who really won
$C: Back in my day we used 5.25” floppy disks!
$C: [deleted]
$C: ...filipinos are asian
$C: You win an upvote buddy

Rice Power
$C: Either way, it’s a funny joke. 
$C: Can confirm, have the same Vietnamese last name.
$C: Jesus, didn't think /s was necessary. Guess it was. 

&#x200B;
$C: Lmfao @ risk taking skills. 

You’re not wrong tho! 
$C: In STEM majors there is rarely homework. Once you get up to majors level the professors will assign practice suggested questions but it’s up to the student to do them. Only the strong survive!
$C: They stared at her like she was a crazy woman before looking at me and ending the conference. After that if I didn’t do my homework they didn’t do that whole “tell me why you didn’t do your homework so I can shame you infront of the whole class to try and make you do it” thing. They just kept quiet and marked off no homework. Now of course my grades plummeted because of it but I didn’t give two fucks. I already had the mentality that most of the learning you did in school was pointless anyway. I just did it as best I could to keep the teachers and my mom off my back.
$C: Well, I think lots of universities would be happy with that, haha. 

Just saying even the top UK schools (namely Oxbridge) care far more about grades and test scores (A-levels or AP/IB + SAT) than some random volunteering or activity you do. 
$C: Some people choose to or feel they have to. Of course if you are falling behind in academics, you need to spend less time in other areas. However, lots of students feel pressured to give up free time in pursuit of a sport or typical resume-builder. 

Of course, it's all a choice. If you want more balance, you can limit your time in activities. You're totally right about that.
$C: High school for me was tiring (lots of work, but it was straightforward).  Whereas I still had nightmares 10 yrs after graduating college.

My engineering job after graduation is a cakewalk in comparison.
$C: Well, I'll clarify and say I know it's not a cakewalk. University level work is much harder and still extremely competitive. Beyond that you don't get a degree and then get a $100k job with no work. 

Still, I think you at least have a little more freedom to do what you will. I'm aware that advancing in a career means more 10-12 hour days and overcoming competition and politics, so I guess my optimism is a bit naive lol.


$C: Thanks for the reply, and respect for your accomplishments. 

As a US student trying to get into these top schools, I definitely feel that sentiment. It's like you have to do everything just to be considered alongside someone else. 

I understand why they do it. They want students who have good character and who are well-rounded members of the community. But it's gone from making sure students are good people to expecting superhumans. 
$C: School in the US is almost always something like 8 - 3. That's 7 hours, including lunch and any other free time (free periods are pretty common at the high school level). Of the 7 hours spent at school, students are probably only learning for about 6. Many schools end before 3, too.
$C: [deleted]
$C: > ... you'd be shocked how ineffective parents are ...

Unfortunately not :( 

Seeing comments in threads like this doesn't make me feel any better either. Granted my understanding is based around maths education rather than other subjects, and perhaps there's a complete shift between them. But seeing so many be so dismissive of having children actually work and practice skills is just disheartening. 

In general parents are completely useless in this department. They increasingly expect to be able to hand their children over to the school system and have some magic happen as well, there have been cases in the UK of children starting school unable to speak because the parents haven't taught them! They've not even spent the time to communicate and interact with them properly. 

With respect to maths though parents are useless, even parents who're genuinely decent and caring fail here. It's such a shame, if they were to just learn primary school maths for their child they could give them a much better start, but they don't because there's not a culture for it. 

I'm really not a fan of the curriculum that we have, and feel that there could be a lot of positive change with the system too. But parents really should be expected to make an effort as things are currently failing at the first hurdle. 
$C: I mean, regrouping is the same concept as like a traditional vertical subtraction method. If the bottom number is greater than the top, you "borrow" from the column to the left (either, tens, hundreds, thousands...). Add the 1 in front and reduce the number from the "borrowed" column by 1. 

It's easier to visually get it I guess with regrouping but it seems very impractical in getting things done. I only spent about 5 minutes looking through a workbook online though because I had never heard of the term.
$C: That sucks, man
$C: [deleted]
$C: what age do you teach?

I tutor math and I think homework for 4th graders and beyond is pretty useful. you need to practice things like times tables and basic math topics to fully internalize them. I can't imagine getting that from a 50 min class period per day.  Also reasonable amounts of homework promote time management and independence at a young age.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Yeah, if someone going to college expects to graduate by just attending the lectures and doing no studying on their own they will fluke out in no time.
$C: And the workload with colleges balances out because you’re in class for much less time. 

In grade school, its a strict 8-3 schedule. In college, I got different lectures on different days and I’m only on campus for a few hours a day. Otherwise I’m at my dorm relearning what my shittier professors couldn’t teach! 
$C: Good luck getting into med school with Cs
$C: A lot of programs kick you out if you get C's or if your GPA drops below a certain point.
$C: >The others are fine getting C's and above. What do you call a doctor that graduated with C's?

Someone rejected to pretty much any med school.
$C: I'm honestly not aware of any college program where a C average doesn't get you on academic probation and ultimately suspended.
$C: I would guess for specialized professions you would a very high barrier to entry. What do you call someone who was operated on by a doctor with a 2.00 GPA - dead. 
$C: This
$C: This sort of goes along with Khan Academy making you get five right in a row before moving on.
$C: “That which can be asserted with no evidence can be dismissed with no evidence.”
$C: [deleted]
$C: When I got out of the Navy, I started going to school for Computer Engineering. I had some great teachers but most of them were kind of worthless. I spent a great deal of time doing homework and learning about the content, especially the higher level math courses. I would literally go upstairs, shut the door and study/complete homework for hours every day. That was the only way I could understand the material and keep my grades up. 


I always wondered why I needed so much time when my fellow students were hacking up assignments in half the time. I felt dumb. A few years later I was diagnosed with Adult ADHD. When I'm medicated, I'm better at almost everything. Right now I'm doing things in my current field (IT) that I never could have accomplished without proper medication.


To be fair, I never graduated from college. My IT internship led to what would ultimately be a lucrative career. Do I think I would have spent less time on homework/studying if i was medicated? Hell yes but at the time, the thought of ADHD causing problems just wasn't there. It didn't pop into my head until I was at my 2nd IT job and even then, it was my boss who pointed it out. I thought my symptoms were a result of hard material. 

There was a couple of times where I didn't think I had the smarts to finish up my degree but now that i know, I may end up going back to finish my degree. 
$C: It sucks, because I have always relied on lectures actually being useful. I'm doing a degree in electrical engineering now, and failed my first course as a result of completely worthless lectures.

I could've gotten through If I spent more time on the homework, but last year I set a cap on that - no more than six hours per assignment.
$C: That's one study and it found only a weak correlation. Others found no correlation or a negative correlation. There's no consensus among researchers that there is a clear benefit.
$C: Why are those things in your post something you have to do as homework as opposed to in school?

Nothing in your post makes homework important.  It makes school important.  
$C: Ok but like homework doesnt do that, realistically all it does is make kids prove I they retain stuff from the class or do a little studying on my own. The last that that is going to get a kid excited about the scientific method or writing is forcing them to do it over and over and over again. With english and math you may have a point about practice, beyond that you have no idea what you are talking about.
$C: Ok tests do everything the worksheets do and dont cut into the time for other subjects that can benefit with practice, like math or english. And writing things down is a method some people use to memorize things, but there are only so many hours in a day. You expect kids to write essays on 5 or 6 subjects a night? And all of this needs to be done on their own time specificially? All overworking them is going to do is make them hate certain subjects, thats why im ass at math I quit giving a shit when I realized it was a neverending stream of busywork and didnt learn anything really beyond algebra and basic geometry.
$C: Bullshit? What do you expect someone to say when someone disagrees with a point and provides no evidence?
$C: Lack of evidence, mostly emotion, poor understanding of variables
$C: Absolutely zero effective discussion would happen because half the class would not be on the same page. 
$C: The discussion wasn't dependent on knowing fine details, and as always half the people didnt do the reading anyway so it's a mix of knowledge. 

As an example, talking about "Can laws change culture?" during the section on reconstruction will stick with me. He used the material as context for the general discussion - the topics covered verbally in class were sufficient.

There were days we had to do homework, don't get me wrong, I'm more talking about the teacher's focus and what follows kids after the school day ends. 

 
$C: It would have been US history, but god damn I'm already old enough that it might have been an advanced class below AP level. I don't remember! 

My point wasn't that there was no busy work, just about where the focus was. It's a standardized class, there has to be a certain amount covered to pass the test, but he didnt punish you for missing stuff. There were very few graded assignments, just lots of available reading...
$C: [deleted]
$C: yes dear lord this whole post needs to be backed up by substantial time series data to show that kids who don't do homework in 1st through 6th grade have similar results later in life. 

Students may get the same test grades on their benchmarks but if they are really struggling later in middle and high school is it still a good idea to assign no homework whatsoever?

Also this strategy of only working through problems outside of class could easily lead to teachers 'not teaching the material other than passing out worksheets and instructing the class to work silently on them' which is a worryingly common complaint with most public school teachers in my area.
$C: Studying is important when there is something to study. If a kid is really struggling with some material then sure, maybe some extra time is warranted, but at the elementary level these kids aren't learning deep complex material.  
The "history" taught in elementary school is mostly watered-down garbage and lies, and the "science" they learn is barely worth mentioning.  
The only hard skills they really need to be practicing in elementary school is reading, writing, and arithmetic. If they can't do that in 6 or 7 hours at school, what is 2 or 3 more unsupervised hours going to do?  
  
You can certainly teach a younger kid self-discipline, but the whole school system would need an overhaul, just sending busywork home with a kid isn't teaching crap.  
$C: I know what the point was. However, requiring small children to work feverishly well into the night is not going to produce good results when they also have to wake up at 6am or earlier to get ready for the day. This case seems to represent an elementary or middle school environment, and the policy doesn't say there will be no homework.

It says homework will be on a case-by-case basis when the pupil does not finish their work during the day.

The children who complete their work in a timely manner are rewarded and the rest of the class can see this and be incentivized to work more efficiently.

When you approach it this way, the teacher creates a nice carrot and stick approach, as opposed to just assigning homework, which is stick and stick.
$C: The most productive response to your comment is to print it out and light it on fire.
$C: Yup. More common than you would ever expect 
$C: [deleted]
$C: I’ll do that. Thanks for the courage. 
$C: Plebs. I only use monospace fonts for that professional classic typewriter look.
$C: I can’t imagine knowing what I know without regular homework. You need to apply the lesson! 
$C: Maybe. I’ve definitely met amazing mathematicians that have trouble with basic arithmetic.

Yes I’m aware this is very anecdotal and by no means a rule, but it is possible.
$C: You think a 16 year old can't spell because they didn't get any/enough homework?
$C: Is it really the building blocks of future schooling? I don't see what rote memorization will teach you.
$C: of course not. I think we redditors have seen enough hollywood movies and rap videos to know that blacks and hispanics don't do anything intellectual, or if they do it's very very rare. Shame that they are still living in chains.
$C: >nothing but troll


Wow, way to completely dehumanize me. I'm calling the police right now.
$C: I dont know where you live but the HS i went to wasnt THAT hard. Sure youre there 7 hrs a day but youre not doing work the whole time. I say this as someone who took all AP classes except for English. It obviously wasnt that much work because i had time for sports practice every day and a 20 hr a week p/t job, time to hang w friends and still had a 3.5 GPA. Im not saying that to brag because i wasnt the best student just to say that the workload is overexaggerated. Sure its easy to say, " i have a 10 pg paper due in a week, have math HW, have to read 2 chapters, and a take home quiz" but that 10 pg paper was assigned a month ago, 2 chapters were assigned 2 days ago, math HW takes an hr max, and the quiz takes 30 mins. I would say i was at a pretty avg high school metrics wise. The problem is teaching people how to manage things. 
$C: >Real students will take advantage of the opportunity of school

r/Gatekeeping
$C: I can agree with that
$C: This just raises more questions about the school systems in places that have less hours of homework vs. why the exam scores are higher.

​

If you look at the school systems in Macau, a high ranker in Science/Reading/Math & a low ranker on the time spent doing homework. It's a country with a population of 600k people.

​

Off Wikipedia:

Most of the schools in [**Macau**](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Macau)  are private or subsidized schools. As of the 2015-2016 school year,  there were 74 primary and secondary schools that provided formal  education, including ten public schools and 64 private schools. Of the  schools all but ten were a part of Macau's free education network.[\[1\]](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Education_in_Macau#cite_note-1) As of  2006 many of the schools in Macau are operated by Catholic organizations.[\[2\]](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Education_in_Macau#cite_note-2) A basic 15 years compulsory, free [education](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Education),  is offered to those pupils who have been enrolled at the schools which  have met certain requirements stipulated by the government.

\-------------

So in this example, that would mean these kids are performing better in general probably due to the fact that they are getting a better level of education from their teachers and school since it's private, and would therefore perform better on an exam on average regardless of how much homework is done. The sample size of kids in the age range to take that exam (15 year olds in a country with a pop of 600k people, so less people to sample + only 13% of them have public school education vs. private school so it's more likely the sample size contains more private school students.) Anyways... what if they started doing more homework in Macau? How do you know that their test scores wouldn't go up and surpass Singapore, for example?

​

It also shows Singapore as a country where people can afford private schools & tutors for their kids, and is also near the top of the list where homework hours are involved. Could this mean that homework + private school mean better scores?

\------------

Ultimately from my perspective this data is very much inconclusive... Who were the students picked for this exam? Where did they come from? What parts of each country? Were they all private school students or public school students? How long is the average school day? Could it be that some countries have longer school days, therefore less hours for homework? I don't know the answer. Do you?

​

Each country is different, with too many variables to account for. That includes culture, ethic, parent involvement, quality of teachers, challenges of homework, etc. I just know to stick with my gut because I KNOW homework helped me as a kid. It made me disciplined and who I am today.

​
$C: [deleted]
$C: [deleted]
$C: [deleted]
$C: That 30 minutes can easily replace some 30 minute activity at school. Practicing at home is no different than practicing at school and right now I’m sure there are activities and parts of school that could easily be replaced by a little 30 minute math work session rather than introducing concepts and making the parents do the hands on instructing that the teachers were trained to do. Plus then the practice can happen immediately after introduction of the concept. 

That being said, I really don’t think any method is “best” and no matter how we approach education, there will be kids that it doesn’t work for. I would have been better off in a system that didn’t focus so much on homework but I saw classmates thrive because of it. 
$C: Wouldn't this reinforce when school work should be done. 1st graders are very attention defecit as it. Getting them to focus on the task at hand is probably more important. And I seriously doubt this teacher isn't having these kids do those fun little projects that are homework.  I know when my brother, and my ex's little girl brought home homework it was because they didn't finish their work at school. This was back when they were in 1st, 2nd grade. They still had homework projects needing to complete. But it wasn't an everyday, week thing. So this homework policy doesn't seem to be all that rare nowadays. At least for the younger kids. 
$C: Yeah, but a 7 year old isn't making his own schedule. They don't need the busy work. In middle or high school, sure stone Classes can use it, But 7 isn't old enough for it to do anything but make them hate school more than they already do.
$C: You could not be more incorrect. It is not possible that you could not know better than this, so I'm going to assume you just didn't think that through.
$C: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Survivorship_bias
$C: apt username, did new daddy get you that job when he picked up your tendies or did you get them all by yourself.
$C: So they meant “doesn’t not show” and failed?
$C: Having hours upon hours of homework to worry about after an exhausting day is definitely injurious to quality of life.

And before you say it, no. Not everyone had exactly the same amount of work as you.
$C: Yup, my worst subject, always has been.
$C: Right moderation is key. However, at the early stage of 5th grade it's probably better for the family to focus on providing the kid with a strong home life. I'm not sure if that falls under junior high. 

There are countries like Finland who have a better education level that give no homework in the early stages and try to keep it at a minimum in high school. However, Finland is also a country whose government is very invested in ensuring that the home life of each family is very strong. I suspect that also plays a big part in their education system's success. 

Its possible that by not assigning homework except for what is not completed in class, it puts students on control of their education from an earlier age. This would give them the benefit of learning to manage their time and their own study schedules long before they get to college
$C: Bet
$C: They obviously didn’t do their homework lol
$C: That system makes no sense. It would *strongly* discourage students from attending classes. 
$C: Perhaps you're right. But the key is to not assign too much. Young kids have short attention spans
$C: I teach 4th grade and this viewpoint is what I base my homework expectations on. If my entire district wanted to stop sending homework I would be the first one in line. However, as long as other grades continue to give homework then homework becomes almost mandatory for everyone. 

I don't think the content of my homework is important. But I do know that little Johnny, who thrives on structure, would struggle immensely if he enters a 5th grade teachers classroom with vastly different expectations after spending over a year never having to do a single homework assignment in my classroom. 


$C: I don't think that's a fair comparison. I'm in college now, and my work load is sometimes gigantic, but even with the heaviest  schedule, I would never have to sit 6 hours in lecture five days a week. At worst I might have 6 or 7 hours of lecture on two days, but that would be offset by at least 2 days, more likely 3 days, of a much lighter load.  
   
Granted, sometimes I'll be doing school related things up to 16 hours some days, but I wouldn't exactly call that reasonable or healthy. I certainly wouldn't expect a kid to do that.  
   
The problem I have with high school homework is how uncoordinated it can be. A kid is taking 5 or 6 classes or whatever it is, and they all give "30 minutes" of homework which might actually be more like a hour, and all of a sudden a kid has 3 or 4 hours of work to do on top of their school day. It ends up being a lot longer than the 8 hour work day.   
A kid should be entitled to have time to be a doofy kid, and they should also be getting like 9 or 10 hours of sleep a day. 
  
If they want to prepare kids for college then, rather than nightly busy-work, they should be giving a smaller set of more serious problems and give the kid multiple days to do it. 

Really k-12 just needs a total overhaul, but that's a much bigger problem to tackle. 
$C: I never had homework. I either finished in class, didn't study or just didn't do it. I had a tough time in college. I had to LEARN to study. Took a few semesters before I got the hang of it. Finally graduated 3.8. Yay me.....finally. 
$C: This is a problem in every school level. Teachers don't seem to realize that you are taking other classes and assigning too much homework doesn't leave students with any time to do homework for other courses. 

It is a thin balance between aiding learning and causing frustration
$C: That's why teachers should either assign less homework or weight it less on grades so it doesn't hurt you too bad if you don't finish it.

But IMO *does* help in general to have some incentive to practice outside of the classroom
$C: I do 20-30 hours of hw per week and that's the biggest reason I feel like I learn content well. The only people who think homework is useless for high school/college students, especially in stem, are people who can't be bothered to do it. 
$C: What major? A 4 year software engineering degree is 13-17 credit hours per semester and the homework can be brutally long depending on your proficiency in each subject. What grinds my gears were the general studies classes that churned out the busy work because they thought they were as important as Calculus III. 
$C: Which studies? 
$C: I have to admit that I am skeptical. There is zero doubt that doing homework has helped me overall academic performance.

Are study results mixed or is there a consensus? What age of student?
$C: I'd have to disagree. I got the highest mark in my post secondary education in my class and studied a lot after school, answering questions, and repetition. The people who went out and drank every night just squeezed by.
$C: "kid" is a common English colloquialism for a young person and you know it
$C: Agreed. Use your class time well as a teacher, resist the urge to spend the whole time pontificating, and help students work through the material in a place where they can receive help. Homework-lovers generally have stable home environments with parents who are concerned and able to assist. That’s not every kid by any means. 
$C: History = quantity. It's pure info rather than just understanding material. 
Science = largely quantity. Learning the element table? The levels in animals? Its memorization.
Mathematics = practice because you move too fast. You can't retain an entire lesson and move on in one period. 

Ofc they mismanage their time but cramming that much knowledge in one period with 30+ students is outrageous. 
$C: Disagree.

A child retains knowledge and its better to have a strong foundation early rather than teach older kids when studies know retention of information is worse.
$C: Teach children to do their algebra and geography first and do whatever their hearts desire second and they will be excellent people. the problem is not homework as a practice but the implementation of homework that requires parent/tutor invovlement in many cases or an hour of homework per class which can lead to unrealistic expectations. Children at a young age should be assigned a reasonable amount of homework because it instills organization, time management and independence. everything in moderation. in this case I think abstinence from homework could lead to stagnated development.
$C: I teach high school, including upper level AP courses.  I've started to get generations of kids that went through elementary and middle school since the 'no homework' craze hit.  They have such poor organization and time management skills.  They can't fathom the idea that they might have to do something other than show up in class and pay half-assed attention.  They can't manage deadlines.  They don't study.  They don't come in for tutorials.

They turn in nothing all grading period and show up the day before grades are due wanting you to drop grades and/or give them an individualized makeup work packet with all their missing work gathered up for them and/or give them enough extra credit to turn and F into a C or B.  Their parents expect you to do this and will report you to admin if you don't.  From the parent's perspective their little angel has always made good grades until now so the new teacher must be the problem.
$C: We're currently sitting at about 1.75 hours per "hour" of class, from a recent survey my school, only bachelor's here. I'd say I do more than 2 hours.
$C: I agree. Doesn't sound like he's a good father at all. It may be better for the kid to go live somewhere he's loved.
$C: Most parents don't like their kids.  Sure they love them, but that doesn't mean they have to like them.
$C: [deleted]
$C: during class is when you learn new things. homework is when you practice things you have already learned in class. 

level of retention is hardly comparable between student A who does homework regularly and student B who doesn't do any work outside of class.
$C: so think of it as 'selling' the data that you have? kind of more of a marketing trait than a hard STEM skillset? thanks so much for your response it's boosted my confidence already :)
$C: can you read? if yes please read to your children. if you can't please find some one who can and will (Grandma or Grandpa might do it for free).
$C: Having a sane life at home helps ya focus in other areas 
$C: I see your point but homework never taught me anything. I didn't do it. I had A's on all tests and quizes but was still failing due to non weighted assignments/tests.

Barely graduated because homework was never worth my time on the lower level stuff. It wasn't until advanced calculus that the repetition from homework actually helped me. (Edit... this was final years of college)

I also realize that I learn a lot easier than 95% of the people around me and so my experiences aren't the end all be all... which is why I am open to having my mind changed.

English I can see essays being homework. But it IS a parent's job to teach their children both educational and life skills. A big issue in my mind is the fact that a lot of parents think that school is this magical thing that will teach their kids everything and that's totally bogus.

But again, I am 100% open. Change my mind (no /s).
$C: teachers like that would make me mad! i hope shes not a teacher anymore lol
$C: And then you would lose your job. Having to get certifications isnt some new thing, and ive never heard of a job on planet earth where you get to stop doing work and get paid to study for them.
$C: That's... not the point of school.
$C: School funding doesn't correlate with performance and great teachers have no incentive to work with troubled kids with shitty parents. 
$C: Everyone says this but I've never met someone who wasn't an idiot fail a test. If you can't do basic math and trig you sure as shit can't do the most basic tasks
$C: Depends on how you raise your kids and where you live I guess. 
$C: Honestly. Homework doesn't drive that.  A desire to know and learn drives that. If homework isn't valuable to build knowledge or practice skills (both of which shouldn't be graded, but encouraged as a matter of how you conduct your life as a life learner), then homework is a total waste of time. Discipline, organization, READING WIDELY, Math practice and experiences...the foundations of success, can all be achieved and self driven and often are done by successful students anyways. If parents won't support the schools by helping build that into their students with regular support, then it isn't really a battle worth fighting and statistically, it isn't where our biggest impact is as educators. What happens at home needs to fall back on parents who need to own some of the accountability that we feel everyday in the classrooms.  Too many think it is up to the schools only to prep kids for their future... if parents can't even engage with discipline over homework, then they bear some responsibility when their kid can't get into Harvard. If you want them to get into a state school which is all most of us can afford anyways, then you can teach them to be disciplined in ALL aspects of their lives. To have responsibilities at home and community. Teach them to communicate and nurture their sense of self. No test can measure their character but it is really the only thing that ever gets any of us through life and education. 
$C: Ball State. I dropped out. Best decision I ever made. 
$C: I mean, start easier and build up. Start from basic algebra, and make it harder (pre calc). Once a person has done a million pre calc problems, introduce them to calc
$C: Maybe for you, likely your parents just don't value education so you see anything difficult as mental torture and not an opportunity to apply yourself.
$C: Then I guess it isn't so bad but it still puts a good bit extra responsibility on the students. Yeesh if I could only take back all the times throughout my math degree that I did a couple problems thinking that it meant I could do all of them

$C: In the real world you literally don't have to do things you don't want to do *for no reason*. Real people do everything for a reason. Doing 50 math problems that you already understand perfectly is a waste of time.

Not every job is fun, but every paid job is productive, so non productive activities aren't comparable. 
$C: They also need to not just do the bare minimum they are told to do. This is all she requires. They can decide for themselves if they need more practice to be proficient.
$C: I think you missed the '50 would make me nope the fuck out'. As in, I would do 5, setting too much would mean I wouldn't end up doing it 
$C: Standardized tests are the only feasible way of comparing students. 
$C: Oh? Well pack it up boys. That settles it.

Fuck all dat education research. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: He’s a troll
$C: I think the point they're trying to make is that a happy single parent family is better than a miserable two parent family. Which is to say that happy relationships rarely split. 
$C: That's not a thing. All things can't be equal with 1 or 2 parents unless that one with 2 parents would have one completely absent fighting a war or something.

If the single parent had the same money as the dual parents, it would probably be better to be solo.
$C: Bro there's no way you're taking AP Classes, maybe stop lying on the internet? You need to step into your Counselors office and tell him you're too stupid to be in the class you are and maybe you should go back a few grades.
$C: well, you're smart enough to use *anecdotal* correctly so you did something right! 
$C: [http://www.math.tamu.edu/\~snite/MisMath.pdf](http://www.math.tamu.edu/~snite/MisMath.pdf)

[https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/answer-sheet/wp/2012/11/19/study-homework-linked-to-better-standardized-test-scores/?utm\_term=.e3b90c21e9b9](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/answer-sheet/wp/2012/11/19/study-homework-linked-to-better-standardized-test-scores/?utm_term=.e3b90c21e9b9)

[https://www.smithsonianmag.com/smart-news/spending-too-much-time-homework-linked-lower-test-scores-180954814/](https://www.smithsonianmag.com/smart-news/spending-too-much-time-homework-linked-lower-test-scores-180954814/)

[http://www.sedl.org/pubs/sedl-letter/v20n02/homework.html](http://www.sedl.org/pubs/sedl-letter/v20n02/homework.html)

[http://time.com/4466390/homework-debate-research/](http://time.com/4466390/homework-debate-research/)

There's just a handful of support for my argument.  I have personally witnessed my students self-efficacy skyrocket when I flip the classroom and we do "homework" during class, where they can directly ask me for assistance before the misconceptions are solidified in their brains. One thing posters seem to be forgetting/ignoring/avoiding is that there has never been higher pressure on children in their youth as there is today, in an education sense. In 6th grade kids are already plotting their paths to colleges. On top of all of the extracurricular activities colleges want to see on an application.  Homework has historically been not much more than busy work. I have my own personal data to back up this position. We're in a different age. I'll give you this: you're being incredibly reasoned and respectful in this conversation as opposed to most. We get pedagogy shoved down our throat at minimum weekly, so we're kind of on the cutting edge of this stuff. People who haven't been in a classroom since they graduated college aren't really in any position to tell any of us educators what's right and wrong when it comes to something easily measured in your own classroom.

​

I hope I'm not coming across as hostile towards you, because I'm fired up by some other ignorant folk who are questioning my ability to teach because I dared do the research myself. I apologize if so. It isn't intended.

&#x200B;

EDIT: I just caught the part where you said that you only see your kids 3 times a week. I started with that type of schedule. Once we moved to a 6 period day, seeing kids every day, that's when I implemented this practice and saw exponential growth in my students' confidence and abilities.
$C: If only any single student were like you today.
$C: http://www.math.tamu.edu/~snite/MisMath.pdf

https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/answer-sheet/wp/2012/11/19/study-homework-linked-to-better-standardized-test-scores/?utm_term=.e3b90c21e9b9

https://www.smithsonianmag.com/smart-news/spending-too-much-time-homework-linked-lower-test-scores-180954814/

http://www.sedl.org/pubs/sedl-letter/v20n02/homework.html

http://time.com/4466390/homework-debate-research/

Enough support, or do I need to do your googling for you some more?

$C: But does it even help? These kids are already locked in a room for 8 hours a day getting fed info they dont care about, is feeding them more info during the times they could be playing going to make them care about it more or more interested?

Alot of kids who arent getting good grades arent struggling because their dumb, their just not interested and not inspired and i dont think homework helps that
$C: I'm out of school and currently a teacher, you dolt. We're talking pre-college education here. You do you and choose to remain ignorant of the proof I just handed you on a silver platter after you said none could possibly exist.
$C: facts don’t care if you believe in them or not.. don’t like what studies show? go out and do a better one, have it peer reviewed and come up with a better answer.. or accept that this is what people spend their whole lives doing and that getting it right is far more important than getting the answers they expect..
$C: Elementary school is where you brain is growing it's a perfect time for studying. But what do I know 
$C: Yeah, I can see that. I think if I could go back i would try and figure out how to teach myself this was one thing that I struggled at and I think is a very useful. 
$C: I think most no homework policies are in grade school. If grade school homework is taking all his available hours of their night, that's too much homework anyway. 

I doubt any kids has been deterred from watching tv or playing video games by a grade school amount of homework. 

This seems like the responsibility of the parent to limit screen time, so that their child does other things like play outside, read, or spend time with their family. Giving enough homework so that a kid has no leisure time isn't healthy.
$C: Based on what, though?

I know it feels as though more homework leads to more knowledgeable students. But do you have evidence that this is the case?
$C: [deleted]
$C: Eh, I think the resolution of the image is the issue there. I think the "fun" font was a good choice for a topic that is potentially controversial with parents.
$C: Really, that's great. Sorry that I made my blanket statement - of course I know nothing about your parenting based on that. I took "not down with homework" to mean "not going to do it". Truly, apologies. 

I still believe that you can't ignore homework, and I guess you're not. As long as you're motovating your child and culminating that type of environment, I'm sure it's great. 

I agree that homework is pretty much useless for a child in elementary school, but it still must be done at some point. Reading and having a good environment are probably far more effective at helping a child grow than busy work. 

I have more of an issue with the anti-homework sentiment at a higher level (middle-high school in the US), where it's pretty much necessary for success to an extent. Even then, it could probably be reduced. 
$C: Teaching isn’t about memorizing facts. Good teachers teach transferable skills through content. Your job isn’t to make them mistrust and despise you. If you taught this way, you would almost immediately lose everyone in the room.  (I would wager that literally none of your kids would even bother going home and doing this because it sounds *fucking crazy*.) You want students to listen to you raptly while taking down every detail of what you tell them while also going home and spending even more time doing additional research for the exact same information—essentially teaching themselves the content you should have taught them? What would be the point of listening to you at all? You’re not teaching them how to learn by doing this, you’re teaching them how to hate school and think you’re an idiot.
$C: See?
$C: but... is this not essentially just letting students do homework during class time?
$C: [deleted]
$C: [deleted]
$C: High school is easy AF. You just have to not be retarded, and you can get As.
$C: You’re gonna have to run this one by me my dude, where’s the joke he’s missing? 
$C: No offence taken.

But I think you misunderstood what I said. I meant that learning how to manage your time by doing homework early on, like elementary school, will help them in college where they will have homework.

There will not be any need there to tell them what to do and at that point, having good homework skills will pay off.

Obviously an employer normally doesn't assign work for you to do at home, but in a lot of cases a college education will be needed in order to get that job in the first place.

$C: should have done his homework
$C: It’s the only answer.
$C: County Florida is Best Florida.
$C: r/floridaman
$C: Well florida is not a county...
$C: I thought it was going to be Wisconsin. 
$C: Exactly what I would expect from this “county” 
$C: saves time to rob liquor a from a local store, shirtless, with an alligator, from a vendor that doesn’t sell liquor.
$C: It only reinforces what the rest of us already know
$C: The truth hurts.
$C: Putnam, Clay, Duval, St. Johns, Baker, or Nassau.
$C: Even better if you misread county as country
$C: I mean he probably went to Florida schools as well maybe that's as accurate as he's capable of being.
$C:  I’m on Long Island and our district implemented this for September.  My kids are going to Catholic School so it doesn’t affect them but I’m  eager to see the results from it. 
$C: Oh my God. That really was the best answer.
$C: OMG i almost peed laughing cause I thought he said in my country, then when asked what country he said florida! And then you said this is the  best answer and couldnt hold it all back ...i have to go change underwear.
$C: r/floridachild
$C: Wtf is up with Florida, man?
$C: r/SuperMan
$C: Does whatever Florida can.
$C: r/floridaman

$C: Florida man cancels homework
$C: Some people don't want to put a specific location to their usernames.
$C: At work we have a form for our customers to fill out online. On the form, we ask for their county. 60% of the time, they fill in USA every time. 
$C: You will never find a more wretched hive of scum and villainy.
$C: Why? 
$C: Sounds like they may have done away with homework a bit too soon in that particular county. 
$C: Do they? I graduated from space coast in 09 and they didn’t seem to care back then. Could have changed 
$C: It definitely isn't Volusia.
$C: alachua is my shit dog
$C: How do you like HSing? 

My worry? That they won’t socialize enough. If majority of human communication is non-verbal, then they need to be around more people and not just me.
$C: 352 represent
$C: I'm from the U.S. but Louisiana uses parishes instead.
$C: It's not just a US thing. 
$C: His county didn't have an elementary school
$C: He's probably British. They don't have counties (because that's a US government thing) and they call elementary schools primary schools I think. 
$C: In the US, public school policies are generally mandated at the city level. Normally the county doesn't implement a policy for all the schools within it.

Edit: hot damn apparently I was totally wrong. Where I live every city has its own school board and almost nothing is at the county level. I assumed most states operated the same. Guess that's what I get. 
$C: Maybe she meant cunty
$C: Like half the people in this thread read it as "country" instead.
$C: Florida is a state made up of many counties. 
$C: Half the purple read county as country
$C: I see it more as a time maximum than anything else.  Not meant/required to be turned in complete, just turned in with whatever you could do in 10 minutes. 


Example: send home with one or two options for homework. Whatever the kid picks shows the teacher that students interests/strengths. And however much gets done in 10 minutes shows how much they do or don’t understand. Students can take as long as they need for each question, because they won’t be penalized for incomplete work. 


I also don’t think homework should be given for credit. It should only be a tool for teachers to know what/how their students are learning. This would take almost all of the pressure off of kids. 
$C: Or do what college students do and just google the answers and don't do any of the actual work. online homework is stupid
$C: Is there some sort of browser lock? One of my boyfriend's online courses had that. Then again, they could just have multiple browsers downloaded. 
$C: Easy fix: only make the timer count down while the window has focus. 
$C: As a college student who has taken classes with online homework, I agree... Also, who ever thought calc 3 with online homework was a good idea
$C: Not true. It’s been proven time and time again that homework has zero benefits for students. Especially before high school. They learn time management in other ways - 30 minutes of free time, 30 minutes of reading, etc. All homework does is stress kids tf out. 
$C: I’m in China right now, but live in Japan.
$C: A little ridiculous to assume the reason a teacher sends home x quantity of homework is because they "can't handle what needs to be learned in the day" or that we "aren't teaching". I don't agree with most homework in primary grades BUT this is a dangerous attitude and could really influence a child's perception of learning in a negative way if you say learning stops in the classroom and it's not "your job" 
It's not technically my job to make sure kids aren't emotionally fucked up from parents and mean to people but I'll make sure I can positively influence them and help further social emotional learning
$C: Dropout and drop mixtape
$C: Either spend more time doing the material they aren't as strong in, or start doing college level work in their field of specialty.  
I guess it would really matter how old they are, what subject they excel in, and to what degree they excel.  
   
Where I went to high school, people could, very rarely, skip a grade or two in a subject if they and their parents *really* hassled the administration. A couple kids in my grade would just go to the local community college for a few hours a day. I don't know exactly how that worked, but I think the school just bused them there.  
   
It's rare enough that you get someone who's able to skip multiple grades, so in those cases I guess you just make it work according to what resources are available.   
  
In modern times there's no reason a kid couldn't just be doing college work though self-study and acreddited online courses or something.   
$C: One district I went to had a gifted program, but it was maxed out at 14 or 15 kids per grade, and being in the program a previous year gave priority for that. So unless you got in in elementary school, you'd probably never get in unless someone moved out of the district.  
    
It didn't seem like an accelerated learning program though, just an entire line of courses on how to be a better student, classes specifically on note-taking and short-hand writing, speed-reading and probably some other material. Also pizza parties, field trips, and tutoring for other classes. My best friend ended up edging me out for a spot, so I got the low-down from him.  
   
It's a pretty fucked up system in my opinion, basically choosing winners and losers from the start and then shoving other kids' faces in it.  
    
There were of course also advanced classes with a higher work load and slightly more advance material, but even still that's not *really* what I'm talking about either.   
________________________________  
I'm not even sure if it was an official program in my high school, but I ended up in basically a self-study math course. I was scoring really high on standardized testing but kind of waffling between really high and really low classroom performance. I spent a semester in a special math "class" and they just kept giving me increasingly advanced material and I could take as many tests as fast as I wanted. I ate through a huge chunk of material at first and eventually started to slow down. At the end of the semester they assessed where I was and I ended up jumping a full grade level, and they said to just try that out.  
    
So, I was done with all the required math before my senior year.  
  
I want that opportunity for every kid. If they can just chew though a year's worth of material in a few weeks then they should be able to just do that.  
     
I'm sure it must be harder to administrate that kind of thing, but the technology exists now that there's no reason a kid couldn't just do mostly self-study. 
$C: But they don't allow kids to go into it if they are advanced in all subjects but one. I wasn't allowed to be in the advanced subjects in elementary school because I have a math learning disability despite qualifying in every other subject. But it's not like I'm still bitter over it or anything... 
$C: >Homework is a great indicator of how hard working someone is,... 
   
I don't think so, just because so much homework is rote nonsense. I really don't think someone should have to do the same procedure 50 times if they get it right the first 10 times.    
Nearly any intelligent person is going to get bored and resentful if they have to do that kind of work when there's no tangible end-goal and no reward, unless it happens to be their "thing", where the work itself is the reward.  
    
It's not always matter of being a hard worker, it's that very few people are satisfied doing work they know is vapid. 
There's another related skill here which is just "how much bullshit a person can process without flipping out".   
  
Rote busywork is a lot easier to crate, assign, and grade, so that's what kids are stuck with.  
  
>Sometimes I think the average American adult’s job isn’t as hard as being a high school student. And that’s messed up.  
   
I've had several decent-paying jobs that were easier than being a high school student, nothing I'd want to do as a career, but those jobs definitely exist. 
   
Being a student in general is hard though and I'm okay with that. Learning is all about taking in new knowledge and getting it to stick. It's a process that should keep you just outside your comfort zone.    
Most jobs are about using things that you already know, with maybe a little problem solving within a well-defined structure. Unless you're doing research and development or something like that, a job is going to be easier than school.   
   
Hell, just getting *paid* makes some jobs easier, even if it's a hard job. Being a student is a ton of work with only promises and an abstract notion of *possible* future gain. 
$C: Spoilers for what?  That's just how inheritance law works in Florida.  Technically, it doesn't *have* to be Steve Buscemi with the rifle; he's just really dedicated to public service.
$C: Life
$C: :) :(
$C: O'Doyle rules. 
$C: *that is correct....*

*::takes off shirt in sexy manner::*
$C: Soooo hot.

Want to touch the heinie. 
$C: You know a friend of mine, him and her, got. it. on!
$C: No milk will ever be our milk.
$C: That is corrrrrrrrrrectttttt
$C: Hydraulic press channel doesn't exist. My vaife tink dat ...we... should ...tel..l...this
$C: You mean you live in East Sweden right?
$C: Well that was easy. Case closed.
$C: Just like Satana.
$C: good bot
$C: You only 89% exist. 
$C: Oh that's a regional dialect... you're 11% varnish 
$C: I was 12% Gagondese
$C: I think they meant you were 11% “finished” and needed to pay to get to the next level of life. 
$C: [No, you see, Finland is just a cover so Japan can fish.](https://www.reddit.com/r/finlandConspiracy/comments/52f5ae/the_finland_conspiracy_and_all_you_need_to_know/)
$C: Class + homework means some kids are putting in overtime.
$C: Children are required to learn basic shit. Which is what school is for. What does homework have to do with that? Going to school for 8 hours a day and then coming home and doing 3+ hours of homework isn't generally helping kids learn. Unless you want to teach them to be mindless automatons whose primary skill is doing repetitive drills.
$C: What you’re saying is exactly why I picked the examples that I did. You or I might look at those activities as productive, but at an earlier point in time, parents would have seen them as time wasters just as much as parents today would treat digital media. To say that kids don’t learn social skills online simply isn’t true. While there may now be a lack in development of face to face social interaction, but there is an entire language and social structure that exists online. Considering that things like applying for jobs and looking for love occur online in an increasing amount now, developing text based communication skills, and I mean contexts, not just vocabulary, are quite important. As for video games, while there may be “junk food” available, there are also a lot that can be helpful in terms of cognitive skill and problem solving. Keep in mind too, this specific post is in reference to elementary school children. That’s not really the age to be playing loot box games. Obviously there are plenty that do, but that’s an entirely different issue. And of course I’ll agree that exercise is necessary, my point isn’t to argue against that. I just think the dismissal of digital media as useful in a kids development is just a case of “kids these days...” 
$C: How do you do the same repetitive thing for 12 hours straight? I'm a huge gamer, its basically all I do, but Damn.
$C: Better kid that k/d up scrub
$C: Try another game? Wow
$C: Depends on how young you're talking about. By the time daddy comes home (6pm) homework should be finished or almost finished. As they grow older they can go to bed around 9ish and still get everything done
$C: Walk into his bathroom in the middle of the night and drop a mean shit in the toilet. Then just leave it, without flushing.
$C: Ha he’s far too ugly to have one. 
$C: r/nocontext
$C: Or just hate-fuck your boss.
$C: Boss's daughter usually sends the message
$C: r/shittylifeprotips 
$C: I recently gave up being self employed because of this 
$C: I was that way for a bit. But man, I have too many hobbies to go through life like that. At some point I settled on making a comfortable amount of money and no more, and then spending the rest of the time brewing beer, blacksmithing, playing video games... 

&#x200B;

It just isn't worth getting rich, to be honest. I wouldn't want to miss life along the way.
$C: I chortled
$C: but at least you get all the profits
$C: God damn there really are two things you can count on in life: the sun coming up and self-employed people bitching about how much they work. 
$C: I work for myself as well. Upside: I can play video games at noon if it works out that way! Downside: I'm never, *never* not on call. I haven't had a vacation, as in a full day or more where I am not required to do any work, in about six years.

Lots of free time each day if you summed it all up, but no predictable block where I can really commit to something. I get stressed if I go to a movie theater because I could be missing things that need to be dealt with. I avoid online multiplayer games with matches that take over ten minutes (i.e. where having to quit at a moment's notice would be a significant waste).

That said, holy shit does it beat the daily grind at a real job.
$C: I heard something similar said unironically by a local "employment expert" or whatever they were supposed to be during an interview on npr awhile back. It went completely unchallenged by the moderator and other guests. I cringed so hard. Then I turned the radio off. :-(
$C: I am exceptionally fortunate that I really love my job. So much so that I often get bored and start working from home on the weekends because I'd rather do that that watch TV. 

I can only hope that progress brings us to a point where we all have jobs we'd enjoy doing even if we weren't paid.
$C: And work will set you free
$C: Username checks out
$C: Perfectly balanced.
$C: Perfectly balanced, as all things should be
$C: You must be management. 
$C: Your life is a balance between work and poverty.
$C: Aww thanks that was really wholesome 
$C: yeah it looks like most people missed that lol
$C: Are you really advocating for 50+ hours a week being the standard?
$C: I just want to feel like I'm allowed to enjoy the time I don't spend at work, tbh
$C: Yeah, screw quality of life, who needs it anyway? I don't see why everyone doesn't just work in sweat shops for nickels an hour. Infact why don't we all just live at our jobs? Think of all of the work that we could do. Also bring back child labor, that way we can really maximize our labor pool. Look at how great China is, we should take a page out of their book. While we are at it, why don't we just skip future elections and let Trump rule indefinitely...
$C: It _is_ stupid of those that work 50 hours a week for a paycheck that's based on 40. If you're salaried and overtime-exempt, every hour you work over what you were told to expect (and most places _say_ 40h weeks) is a pay cut.

And it _is_ stupid of everyone that values _actual productivity_ instead of just hours worked, because [working long hours actually hurts productivity](https://www.thriveglobal.com/stories/18480-less-productivity-due-to-long-working-hours).

And it _is_ stupid of everyone who does unpaid productive things like, oh I don't know _take care of their families and communities_, outside of work hours. Long work hours eat into other kinds of productivity.

And it _is_ stupid of everyone who gives a shit about growing the economy, because giving people leisure time in which they have the time and energy to go out and spend on non-essentials drives wealth in a capitalist economy.
$C: Except Japan typically doesn't put in more hours than Americans from the reports that I've read. 
$C: Well that’s also applying to basically all African, Asian, South/Central American, and Canada. So ALL of them got called out. And tbh there’s probably some countries in Europe that could also be called out for overwork and some probably need to up their work too.
$C: Oooo, on Reddit? Crazy 
$C: Congratulations. Now look at the rest of the working class.
$C: Lots of working people have to work crazy hours just to make rent and pay for food.  Many still struggle even doing that.  The capitalism criticism is less about upper class people who choose to work crazy hours and more about the fact that in capitalism most workers have no ability to negotiate their hours, so the idea that you can choose to balance your work and life is illusory.  For millions of non salaried workers just making do means working a few long jobs for shit money.  I'm sure that if they could most of them would choose to experience more leisure, raise their kids, do whatever.
$C: The whole idea of a "work/life balance" comes out of the socialist movement to offset the overreach of the capitalist power structure.  Perhaps, you should look into labor history and the union struggles for the 40-hour workweek, sick leave, etc.

"Eight hours for work, eight hours for rest and eight hours for what you will."
$C: Capitalism is much more than that, it's an entire ideology, other systems could have private ownership of industry as well.
$C: ...unless not constantly being on call or working crazy hours would result in you being fired, in which case serious harm could befall you and your family.  Not everyone is an upper middle class salaried employee
$C: Well - very short periods of high stress.
$C: [removed]
$C: "okay i got 10 minutes for the bus, and probably 10 minutes before the bell... maybe 5 minutes before the teacher collects it... alright let's finish this entire project"
$C: I used to show my math teacher an old homework paper with all the old work on it but I got the answers off of Slater and made it look like I did work for that problem. Worked every time.
$C: And the homework for the shower was done while asleep
$C: Or do what I do. Waste your 20s doing fuck all, so you end up lonely and depressed in your 30s.
$C: I read that as “to make your 30+ years of hell a lot easier.”  I was like, damn brah.  
$C: > Your late teens and early twenties are full of energy

I fucking wish. Depression is a bitch and a half. 
$C: In regards to working full time and going through college, recent studies have shown that after approximately 16-20 hours of work in addition to full time college (defined as 3-4+ courses by most uni's) academic performance significantly declines. So imo, it's best to grab a part time job working around ~20 hours a week to get some experience and money rather than work 40 a week and get a lot less out of college. You're stuck there anyways and will end up having some debt regardless by the end of it, the majority of full time jobs you can get without a degree wouldnt pay nearly enough to be debt free. Not to mention that if you fail a class (or multiple classes) and have to pay more to retake it, that extra work will be essentially pointless. Might as well get as much out of it as you can and enjoy yourself. Those are supposed to be the years of your life where you actually have a good deal of freedom by choosing your own schedule and being able to find a lot of new hobbies/friends. You'll be stuck working 40 hours a week every day with a confined schedule for years until retirement (w/ most jobs), no point in starting that shit early unless you hate yourself. 

Even better, if you can afford or justify not having the part time job money, an internship is far more valuable. Valuable experience and connections are far more likely to land you a job, and have a higher starting salary. Imo that outweighs the minimal money most jobs before college will actually make. This highly depends on how expensive the college tuition is at your university, whether or not family is helping you pay for it, and how much you'll make per year after you get your degree.

Working a full time job in addition to full time college is simply outdated advice and really doesn't provide any substantial benefits compared to the amount of stress it adds. I'm not saying anyone can't pull it off and still succeed in college, but it just not seem to be at all worthwhile.

Edit: let me know if anyone wants me to dig up the study for verification 
$C: I don’t know man, I worked full-time in college thinking that. Then, I accidentally signed up for a 50-55 hour work week and it’s honestly harder.
$C: I had 3 part time jobs and full-time school for 2 of my years.  Not because I was full of energy but because I had a fondness for regular meals and having somewhere to sleep. Almost flunked out in my second year because the school work was more serious and sleep was too rare. A buddy of mine worked full time nights, 8pm to 8am, 5 or 6 days a week. He napped at work.  He was a pretty smart guy but also struggled, go figure.
$C: Yeah, but ya gotta suffer through those 1.5 hour T/Tr classes. Wasn’t worth it to me. 
$C: I've been packing classes back to back 5 days a week since I started. 0 college to a masters in 3 years. Usually only around 50-60 hours a week of class, homework, and study.
$C: Lol one 4 day weekend and one 1 day weekend you mean? 😜
$C: My first two years were MW 9-7ish, depending on the courses, then last semester was MW 10-4 with a small class TTh night. Not too bad
$C: Is that normal?! Mine was probably 30 mins max
$C: 10-12? I can only see kids going above 10 in the rarest of situations. I work in a middle school and most kids will leave their house around 7:30 and get back at around 3:45 or 4. 8-9 hours should be the norm for most students if you include travel time. 
$C: When I was in school we did block scheduling, 2hr twenty min class I think it was. (Been a while) Gym was only required for two semesters, health same.  Lunch wasn't counted as a period, you just had a certain time you went to lunch, and there were three different lunch periods. You did get a semi-decent amount of time to get to class, but that was because we had a campus layout instead of one building. If you had one class on one end and the next on the other, it was just barely enough time to get there, never mind stopping at a locker or using the bathroom. The only time homeroom was used was at the beginning of the year for the first few days, to get locker assignments/etc. 

Required classes each year included the bases: English, math, social studies, and science, and a foreign language (at least for a few years). There was way more than just 4-4.5 hours of "actual learning" in there. 
$C: My school (UK) did 7 hours from 9am to 4pm. We had a 10 minute registration, 30 minute break and a 1 hour lunch. Classes were 40 minutes, with 8 periods a day in a 2-3-3 pattern. No time was allowed between classes, you just had to speed walk as soon as the bell rang and hope you didn't have Art right after swimming. So we had about 5 hours of teaching a day. 

Standard procedure for homework was to collect it the second day after it was set, with 2 pieces of homework a week for each class. So each day we'd have 3-4 pieces of homework to do, time taken usually from about 20 minutes to 1 hour for each piece of work (e.g. translation or maths exercise 20m, English or History essay 1h), average homework time for a night was about 2 hours.

This left you busy, but not totally unworkable if you stayed on top of it. The problem came when you wanted to do extra-curriculars during the week, a 3 hour roundtrip to my sports club, plus dinner afterwards meant I was starting my homework around 9pm, tired and unfocused from a day at school and a 2 hour training session.
$C: I think that's why they're saying "kids are expected to work hard during school hours and experience life at home" 

Presumably, these schools don't let kids fuck around as much. 
$C: Not for everyone. High school was crazy intense for me. 
$C: > One college course is probably more productive than a day in high school.

I think you meant to say the opposite of that lol
$C: I think the research can't be accurate unless every single student is doing homework all by themselves (which they aren't). The whole point of homework should be revision of what you've learned and determining what you do/don't know so you can discuss it with the teacher. The real issue is punishing students for not being able to finish their homework. Showing ANY effort should be fine, teachers are here to explain the rest.

This is the main reason I never did any homework (except for programming) in high school. It was a form of punishment, not teaching. If that's the case, it can't really prepare you for anything.

That being said, now that I'm in University (CS student here), I consider any kind of homework/assignment a blessing. Teachers are absolutely wonderful.
$C: It takes so long to do it like that though. I'm not made of money, my gi bill will run out eventually and it's only $1300 a month as is so I need to power through mine and get an actual job. I'm taking a double time course load.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Yeah that's not normal at all where I'm from.  8 hours with 30 minutes for lunch somewhere in there.
$C: Recess in high school? Woah
$C: My high school was 7.5 hours which had a 30 minute lunch
$C: Mine was 7-4:30. Wake up at 5:30 because of the bus, then you were required to do 3-4 hours of homework and community service was also required. 

This was flordia and I graduated in 2010
$C: > What schools are 8 hours of academics?

Most bilingual schools.
$C: When I was in high school it was 7:00-2:30, which most students omitted lunch to do 8 classes per semester (4x2) which evens out to roughly the same amount as a work day. Plus we had tons of hw. Going into the workforce has been an absolute dream after college, more free time than I’ve had in the last 9 years!
$C: Wtf kind of high school did you go to? Was it a private school? I've never heard of a school with that kind of schedule. We went from 7am-245pm with 30 minutes for lunch. Never heard of breaks being given. This was about 10 years ago. 
$C: man I had a way different experience in engineering, sure I had periods where project due dates were coming up where I worked my ass off but most of the time was pretty chill. Usually had like 3 hours max of class a day and I always tried to get fridays off. I had quite a lot of free time in uni.
$C: Umm. No. The credit hour system works the same regardless of major.

I know many full time engineering students who took classes only MWF or TH some semesters.

$C: Time to become a communist!
$C: There are no 101 classes in grad school. And it is not obvious that there is no curve because many college classes have curves and high school classes do not.
$C: From my experience it depends on the person, not everyone is created equal, some also give less of a shit. Some people can get their work done well in 40 hours, some can get the same quality of work done in 20, some work 40 and they're terrible, some work 60 and they're rockstars...

I'm coworkers with someone that does the bare minimum and she's the first one out the door at 5. Then you have people that bust their ass, work 10-12 hour days and it shows...

The person that does the bare minimum is never going to impress, she's just going to just float on by... The people that bust their asses are going to be rewarded.

$C: If you're up that high in a company it's probably because you care.  Homework doesn't teach you to care about school.  If anything it makes you care less.  At least it did for me.  
$C: Supervised, in as doing the task in a class room or work room at school with the teacher available. It is similar to working at your workplace(as opposed to a home office or freelance). This is also for Elementary school so having it be directly work related is not necessary.
$C: I think of homework as studying what you learned in class and preparing yourself to learn better during the next class session. I have had many international students from a particular country who had never done homework and had never had to study, and they had NO idea how to do either. They had a very difficult time adjusting to an American university’s expectations.
$C: Because I’d rather work 40 hours a week and have time to myself when I’m finished, as opposed to going to college full time and worry about more work to do once I’m home? Where the hell did you pull that logic from?
$C: Trade school, university, college, whatever.  Further structured educational institutions are not for or needed by everyone.  Publicly funded schools should be helping kids become decent members of society, not a funneling vehicle for private, expensive further education.  I know many people that make a great living with nothing more than some easy job training (usually paid for by their employer) and/or certifications (also usually employer paid).  None of those require hours of homework 5 nights per week.  When I was in college my out of class work didn’t even come within the realm of close to what kids have today.  Homework in k-12 is pointless.  If someone is going to fail in life because they didn’t have that, they were going to fail anyways.
$C: You didn't understood at all my comment then.

Homework != Assignment and Project

Theses are totally different things. It's not because you don't get homework that you won't get assignment and project.

At university level, all what matters are assignment and project too, and removing homework doesn't remove assignment and projects.
$C: I had high school homework and still never did it. I'm finishing my graduate degree this semester. Homework isn't necessary to be successful in school.

Self-discipline can be taught and acquired through other means without having homework. Clubs, sports, scouts, other organizations that also can allow you to pursue things you think you *may* be interested in.

You go to school to do schoolwork. It shouldn't ever have to come home. Home is for family, tinkering with Dad, helping Mom around the house, playing with friends, going to baseball practice, etc. (Or vice versa so you guys don't get into me about gender roles or something) Not sitting there doing only the even numbered questions because the back of the book only has the answers to the odds.
$C: It becomes part of the school day. Just like your work projects should be done during work hours. Nobody is actively preventing kids from pursuing further research on their own time, it's just not necessary for successful completion of the assignment. This teaches proper work/life balance and I'm all for it. 
$C: I would like to think that all of the homework I did meant something. 

Maybe there's a compromise here where kids are not sitting and doing homework for six hours when they get home every day.
$C: Homework isn't everything. I have reasonable self discipline and the only homework I do is the assignments that are marked and leave them till the last minute because I don't care. This lack of care and not spending lots of time on schoolwork outside of school led me to find something that I'm passionate about as well, so I spend alot of time with that instead. I don't need good marks to do what I want to do after school, I just need to pass. That's all I'm aiming for. 
$C: I don’t know if that’s a you problem or a parenting problem, but my kids and I participated in athletics, band, and theater after school and had jobs. Just because you don’t have homework doesn’t mean you have to waste your evenings. 
$C: Wouldn't it have been nice if you would have learned those skills at 14 and never had to work a shit job to figure it out?
$C: Taking a shit at work right now and this is the comment that killed me lmfao. Goddamn that was my life for 4 years in high school. Graduated #13 in my class of 150. Not bad for never reading a single book, or completing a single assignment early than the day before, or actual day of the due date. I used to wake up at 4am the day of a due assignment, bust it out in an hour or two, and get a 95, like clock work. I never practiced for all county music either. Made it every time. Band teacher was furious and called my parents to let them know I wasn't allowed to try out because I never went to him for lessons. I said fuck him cuz he was a douche, went anyways, and fucking made it. Should have seen his face when he got my acceptance letter and called me to his office. I'll never forget that look, a look of 50% disbelief, 50% anger, and %50 confusion. 
$C: Yeah, we learned how to do research projects in class, then did the research projects *outside* of class.  

$C: Or it is a huge opportunity to mentor someone through the intricate process of crafting a comprehensive and persuasive argument. Most education journals these days cite the lack of feedback loops as one of the biggest reasons why students are struggling. The lecture is fine but a great teacher these days needs to do much more than stand in front of the class for 45 minuets and hope the kids get it. Source- 12 year teaching vet.
$C: Lectures are like the worst ways for people to learn, though. I support going to project-based classes.
$C: Yeah fair. I'm in agreement
$C: Well sure it's an exercise in time management, but so is basically anything that requires time to do. Which includes literally everything. Going to the toilet can be an exercise in time management. For me personally, the thing that has affected my time management skills the most have been my dependency of taking the bus. And most of my homework up until junior high I just didn't do, so even during my time in school, homework has had little influence over my time management skills. 
$C: Graduated with a 4.12. Had an entire college semester completed before I went to college with full ride scholarships and got a good degree that I don’t use know :p. Anyways, no easy classes and my mom even called me out of school when I wanted senior year so I could go skiing
$C: Literature is the same. How are you expected to teach literature without having the kids read outside of class?
$C: Let alone being able concentrate on it during class (when there is no lecture) or in study hall. I always had to be 100% secluded to really understand and master the material 
$C: And chemistry!
$C: My high school math teacher had a different policy on homework. It was assigned but not marked. And everyday there was a little 4-5 question quiz at the beginning of class that was marked. If you understood the prior days lesson you could skip the homework and prove it with a 10 minute quiz. I never did the homework, still aced the class, and got more free time. However I’m not sure how much it benefited those who needed the homework to grasp the concepts 
$C: Right.  That's the issue.  Most homework is just busy work.  You usually grasp the subject by the end of the class, but they give you homework that's required cause YOLO or some bullshit.  For some that's required, and for some that's not.  Depending on the subject matter, it may be required to get reps and sets, and for others it's just busy work given by a teacher because they think they should.  Languages certainly need more than just an hour a day of study if you want to actually learn them.  Pottery?  Yeah, you're good with what (didn't) happen in class.  Math?  That's a fairly complex a nuanced subject that many can intuitively understand up to fairly high levels (compared to the average population) like calculus, and some really need work just to understand geometry and algebra.  Either way, by enforcing a "homework" you're setting a standard of "if you do this work you'll get the subject," when that's simply not the case.  For many it's busy work, and for many they're left struggling with "why am I not getting this?"  Which makes its usage as a set standard of work a not really useful metric.  
$C: Better quality content and instruction often helps. I guarantee that most of your teachers sucked in K-12 and the fact that you only learned by beating things into your head was more the fault of your instructors than any fault of your own.

Repetition and rote memorization of theorems often leads to just a trivial understanding of the concepts.

Also not everyone needs/wants to learn higher level maths in high school, and that is fine. You shouldn't have to beat something into your head if you have no liking for it nor plans to ever use it. Letting kids choose a more natural path into the workforce or higher education generally works out better for them, and that natural path should start in high school, not when they are a freshman in university with a much smaller safety net. 
$C: We had something like that my senior year though just in one class. He gave out homework and graded it and if you didn't do it or just didn't do good he'd bump it up to whatever you got on the test for that subject. If you did all the work and got 100% in all but somehow only got a 50% on the test then your grade is bumped up by the good homework grades and if you don't do any or get 50% on all of them but get 95% on the test then he gave 95% for every assignment.
$C: Your reading has been overly filtered -   
[https://www.apa.org/monitor/2016/03/homework.aspx](https://www.apa.org/monitor/2016/03/homework.aspx)  
[https://today.duke.edu/2006/03/homework.html](https://today.duke.edu/2006/03/homework.html)  
and here's a summary that was written in response to the letter from Brandy Young 2016 that is the source of the OP - [https://www.livescience.com/55967-science-of-homework-does-homework-boost-achievement.html](https://www.livescience.com/55967-science-of-homework-does-homework-boost-achievement.html)

  
As the age of students increases, the positive effect of some amount of homework on learning increases. For high school students, homework within the 1-2 hour range is beneficial. And the homework load for students this age has not changed much - [https://www.brookings.edu/research/homework-in-america/](https://www.brookings.edu/research/homework-in-america/)  
There is little to no benefit to homework for grade school students. Perhaps your education degree and personal research were limited to this group.
$C: I get that, but by applying those concepts through practice, it cements the skill. Listening to a professor explain a concept would go in my ear and out the other, especially if we were constantly learning new ones. 

Practice makes permanent
$C: Preach.

Have you ever read “A Mathematicians Lament”? He gave one of the best descriptions I’ve ever read of current math education by imagining what it would be like if we taught art the way we teach math (paraphrasing from memory here).

> An artist walks in to a first grade classroom and is puzzled to see children staring at colour swatches.
>
> “What’s going on?”
>
> “This is art class” says the teacher. “The children have to go through worksheet and match each colour swatch five times.”
> 
> “Why” asks the artist.
> 
> “To build up the fundamentals. Need that solid base to build on”. The teacher smiles and points at a student. “Suzy can match colours faster than anyone else. I think she may be a great artist one day”.
> 
> “Do the children get any chance to create something? You know, just a blank sheet and some crayons.”
> 
> “Good heavens no! That kind of thinking is far too abstract for them. Besides, how on earth would I mark that? The children will continue with colour matching through grade two before focusing on brush cleaning in grades three and four. The rest of elementary school will focus on choosing canvases and matching colours to items in nature. High School gives them the chance to take “paint-by-numbers 1”, which is absolutely essential if you are to take “paint-by-numbers 2”. Students that continue on to university may get a chance to work with a blank canvas then, but few ever make it that far. Art really is quite difficult you know.”
$C: ITT: people who have only taken algebra and think they know how math should be taught
$C: I know you're being sarcastic, but my chemistry class was like this too (only high school class I had without homework) and I am majoring in chemistry. Totally prepared for it
$C: It is almost like the people that wanted to do chemistry probably put in the effort and personal work to make their dreams happen.

There is a fundamentally flawed idea in US high school education that you must prep a child for _every_ possible path. While that is a noble goal, it is just not a practical one. Children are wishwashy, and children are children all the way up until their mid-20s in terms of brain development. Letting them find a natural path that suits their interests and happiness in terms of education and where they want to be in the world better suits them to entering the workforce or attending higher education. Letting them start that path in high school helps because they can safely explore their interests and focus on them with guidance from instructors.

The problem is that we understand that kids are indecisive about their future but we approach the problem in a way that just makes it worse. Because we think they will just randomly jump majors in university we try to prepare them across a wide field of knowledge so they'll be moderately successful in any path they choose. This means you have a bunch of kids who literally have not had the time to figure out what they want to do jumping into higher ed and then struggling to find their passion in a situation where it will cost them, it will cost their fellow students and instructors, and it will cost us because they will either leave with an education they don't want, an education that is not good enough for what they do want, or they just wont finish.

So yea, no homework is an amazing idea. I self applied this idea when I was in high school. I figured it was dumb to focus on the things I didn't like or was already proficient at, so I just stopped doing my homework and focused on the things I wanted to do, like learning to program. I went to work right out of high school because I could, I eventually went to college, but by that point I did it purely to learn about things I wanted to (art history), and 14 years later it has all worked out extremely well for me. I fundamentally believe that not doing homework and having the ability to self discover what I was interested in and go in that direction made me a happier and more productive person.
$C: LMAO, they probably were. My AP chem and AP physics classes were like that and my friend has been completely fine so far. Senior year at Texas A&M and they've got a 4.0 as a biochem major.
$C: Lol these people are ridiculous...
$C: I'd like to add to the three other people who responded in saying that the teacher was a double PhD and had done post-graduate research and is overall a genius. Only went into teaching cause he didn't like industry and ended up having more qualifications than any other chem teacher in the county.
$C: Oh, I'd probably just say middle school or junior high then. a lot of places were different but those terms were interchangable for my town, you went there for 6-8 grade. I've heard of middle school for 5-6, and junior high for 7-8 also
$C: But being about to breeze though a class isn't a sign of good studying habits.

I breezed through a lot of classes without studying at all. The problem came when I hit a class where I needed to study, but lacked the ability to do so efficiently. And I don't think homework teaches that efficiently
$C: But sitting down and cranking out fixed work without supervision isn't studying. 

Studying is the ability to learn new material quickly and effectively. 
$C: >The skill set of sitting down with no one looking/checking/forcing you and doing hours of fixed work or questions with tempting distractions around you

And for most homework doesn’t teach that as they have parents breathing down their neck to do it. At least everyone I knew hated homework and avoided it and only really did it when forced by their parents. 
$C: Either?

Yes some count for college as well but I'm not sure what that has to do with homework and developing efficient studying habits
$C: If you score well enough on the tests.  Just because you took the class doesn’t mean you will get credit.
$C: Based on?

From personal experience, those who were the best prepared came from families who cared about education. We all had the same homework.
$C: What study validates that claim?


$C: You went to high school for 5 years? 
$C: You are the exception. That sounds miserable. 
$C: That's nuts, at my university a typical course load was 3-4 hours in class every day and 3-4 hours of homework/reading/studying.
$C: There are definitely plenty of programs where you can get by without studying. They aren't good, but they do exist
$C: How and where do they *require* studying?
$C: [deleted]
$C: Oh yeah, my middle schooler reads a lot of material at home for her school work, she's just not required to. It's up to her, just like it's up to me if I bring work home to get ahead.
$C: There's an expectation that students will read at home because they pick their own novels and non-fiction, instead of having it assigned. If you are interested in the material, you are enthusiastic about it in a way that propels you to keep working outside the classroom. This approach fosters the innate desire to learn that children already have and supports it instead of squashing it with busy work and overwhelming piles of paperwork.

We have a bookshelf full of classics in our home because I love them. We read together every night, and we each independently have our own books also. At home, we demonstrate a love of reading and the school supports that. It stays as a pleasurable activity instead of becoming a chore.
$C: Well that's not what I said at all... I said that the school I described above was a charter Montessori School and a successful one. I didn't say or imply that it was the best.
$C: It depends on the class. I liked physics because the lab parts kinda flow into homework. But how would you know if you get the material if all you get is lectures and then the test? I like the feedback and applying lessons into different scenarios. 
$C: My middle schooler frequently brings home reading assignments because she chooses books that are more challenging than the time she has to complete them at school. It's allowed, just not required. My grade schooler has a pretty adamant policy about no school work at home. Both ways are fine with me and their teachers.
$C: Oh definitely, I'm

Edit: Thank you for the gold kind
$C: Yep. The best people when properly motivated. 


Wanna know how to make something automated? Make a lazy programmer do something tedious. 
$C: I'm lazy. The only reason I work now is so I can be even more lazy when I'm old.
$C: [Laziness is a winning evolutionary strategy.](https://www.standard.co.uk/news/world/laziness-is-a-winning-evolutionary-strategy-that-postpones-extinction-leading-scientists-discover-a3917306.html)  I knew those people (me) were onto something.
$C: I find it a little hard to believe. I definitely thought I was lazy at certain points in my life, but I can work like a maniac when something gets my attention properly.
$C: "Laziness" as a concept makes no sense. I've never met anyone who wasn't willing to work for what they truly wanted.
Laziness is merely a word used to describe people uninterested in doing what *I* want them to do. At worst, your priorities can be misplaced.
$C: I actually consider that I'm lazy-handicapped.
$C: Lazy behavior is a symptom of inefficient incentives.
$C: Yeah, but they all live in Lazy Town.
$C: maybe you're motivated to be lazy...
$C: I have some serious motivations in my life but nope - still a lazy shit.
$C: I work very hard at my laziness.
$C: but laziness is learned 
$C: That need motivation. Correct!
$C: Well yeah, I think the point is that even lazy people can be motivated. Maybe nothing short of a gun to the head would work... Oh wait we're talking about American schools.
$C: Work smarter (and lazier) not harder
$C: ...brother? is that you?
$C: Was it "Find some motivation or I'll find some jumper cables"?
$C: If I have kids theyre getting the farm lifstyle childhood. Best way to build discipline in a person. 
$C: Yep. I have ADHD as well, and it’s a bitch.
$C: I don’t mean fear, but changing circumstances. It takes willpower, but they need to want to do it.
$C: Discipline is where it's at
$C: Discipline.
$C: That's where I'm at. Current job has all managers at salary only so they can be available outside of normal hours and owner is one of those people that believes what he wants should always come first no matter how dumb it is. He's hinted at me becoming a manager but no way in hell I would work with him as a salaried employee. No matter how well it paid.
$C: Yup. Sorry dear company, but I don’t want to get Slack notifications on my phone. Sincerely, fuck you.
$C: I bring my work laptop home with me every day and even take it on vacations because when shit breaks I gotta be available. It is super easy to log in from the recliner and work for a few hours and not even realize it. Unless I have some major project deadline that I'm about to miss or something is down, I have one rule about working from home: I won't plug the charger into my laptop. When the battery dies, I'm done for the night. It may sound crazy that I would be willing to work that much from home, but the work day is for meetings and talking about doing work. The work gets done at night.
$C: It would ultimately depend on the nature of the work. If it meant working from, say, age 30 to age 50 being miserable at your job. . .as opposed to working a job you're comfortable with and even enjoy to some extent, and doing so until age 30 to age 65. . .I'd probably go with the latter. Being able to unwind from work and being comfortable with the demands of the job are important to me, since they consume a large portion of your life no matter how you slice it (unless you're a prodigy who retires by 30 or some shit). Who wants to spend 20 years being unhappy with how your job works when a more enjoyable alternative exists?
$C: Damn I'd love that if it were optional. Easy way to get extra money if I need it, which is every single week.
$C: Unfortunately the majority of society isn't able to work at a job they actively enjoy, especially outside of work. I hope to be that lucky one day. I work at a bookstore and enjoy it somewhat, and I read a lot, but I still don't get paid to read haha. They even frown upon me reading a page or two of a book that I'm shelving, or god forbid I stop to read the back of the book jacket to see what it's about. Which actually helps me recommend or locate stuff for customers.
$C: Nowadays thats not what happens anymore, while taking on more responsibility may get you advanced at some companies most will increase your workload and promote people with experience from outside rather than risk losing a good employee as they become a mediocre manager.

Employee loyalty died when businesses stopped providing more than necessary for their workers and started squeezing them for all they could. If a company treats you like crap find another job, but telling people to stay in bad situations for "upward mobility" and other things that are rare nowadays is outdated and just makes the worker miserable.
$C: I've taught using a semi-flipped approach. I'm still not sure how I feel about it. To me it just feels like trading one type of homework (say, problem sets) for another (here, watch videos instead).

So if OPs concern is students not doing work at home, I don't see how a flipped classroom addresses that issue
$C: I guess I wasn't taking into account the fact that OP mentioned high school.... I'm used to teaching at a university. My classes are also typically 90 minutes, but we only meet for ~16 weeks as opposed to an entire academic year
$C: >Do less

This is not always possible.... Teachers rarely get a choice in their curricula. And if the course has end of course testing, or various other types of standardized testing, then you want the students to be prepared
$C: Homework is beneficial for some classes.  Like some math problems.  Problem is each teacher assigns homework like they are the only class.  Kids end up overloaded with busy work.
$C: Same. Plus, when I got a job at 16, making money was way more preferable to doing homework.


$C: Lukas - And when we questioned why the teachers were assigning as much homework as they did, one of them confessed it was just to keep us 'busy and out of trouble'. I appreciate the honesty, but..
$C: My daughter’s school limited homework to an hour per night from grades 8-10. The problem was that every one of her teachers thought that meant they had to assign an hour of homework every night. 

She had six classes a day, and the homework just about killed her. 
$C: Me too, I did all my homework maybe 30% of the time. Had many detentions in junior high (7-8) for not doing homework. No regrets.
$C: Same here. I burnt out completely and just shut down in high school. Failed math twice and almost dropped out. Got into many, MANY screaming matches with my mother about it. I just didn't give a fuck because I was so tired. I stopped playing sports, stopped being as social, and withdrew into video games. I hated every second of my high school experience and have never once had a desire to go back to post-secondary after.
$C: In school I skipped grade five. I went to Mr. George's class. Grade 6. He was teaching grade 7/8 math from his American textbook (in Canada, where textbooks are provided to teachers) and expected us to get it down easy peasy. He made it extremely hard for me to get stuff done. I didn't do most of my homework because I couldn't! I came in the next day with booklets having 1-2 pages done out of maybe 8-10. My dad finally came in and showed my teacher the grade 6 curiculum. My teacher actually asked, "what's this?" after reading it. He had no knowledge of what he was SUPPOSED to be teaching. My dad told me I was going to do no more than 1 hour of homework a night (from 3-5 a night) and he was going to tell which questions I do and which I don't. Worst school year EVER. The next year, a conflict happened with a bully and we had to switch schools and I went to an online school. I did everything myself and I worked at my own pace. I was flyin' through stuff and it was fun. I didn't have homework (sort of) for the rest of school. 
$C: Fun fact:  Studies have found homework has no benefit at all.  Groups who did homework on top of regular schoolwork showed no difference in retention from groups who did just schoolwork.

What does affect retention and grades are things we always knew:  good family relationships, positive reinforcement, good night's rest, healthy meals, and the like.
$C: This. I ended up overloaded, went fuck this mode and did nothing. I almost dropped out.
$C: Our principal just had us look into how much homework we assign. It was sobering to see how much our campus assigns per week per student. I've already been alotting class time in previous semesters to let my students work on stuff so that they don't have to spend sleepless nights doing homework. Believe me, it's better to get quality work than half-assed stuff because students still had to do other homework for other teachers. My point is that some teachers didn't give a damn about how much students are doing outside of school. Some teachers' arguments were that the studies that show that homework doesn't really contribute that much more academically said that those studies were pseudoscience. Others got pissed off at the principal because they thought that she was demanding for them to cut down on homework. They told her it was unethical. I was shut down by some because they thought I wasn't doing my job because I wasn't delivering enough content for students because I wasn't giving them homework. It was insane! But yeah, some students really can't afford too much homework as they are babysitters, breadwinners, homeless, disenfranchised, and all other unimaginable things that some of us as adults can't even handle with our daily busy schedule. Kids do more as students than what most adults do in a 40 hour work week.
$C: Yeah, i did the same. Got exhausted by so much homework + sports etc, so I stopped doing it and played games instead. 
$C: I had a pretty strict no-homework policy in high school. I figured that, if they wanted to teach me, they'd do it in school. I was sort of right, I graduated, but *boy howdy* was I unprepared for my first year of college where that's not how things work.
$C: im putting my essay off rn lol
$C: Senior year I just completely gave up, most classes I waited until the last day to start working on classwork to let me pass
$C: I learned pretty quickly which teachers would actually go around and check if people hadn't done their homework.  Turns out, most didn't really care by the final year of highschool. Also that you would never get in trouble provided you handed *something* in, even if its something you spent 10 minutes on.  If I had to guess I'd say I did 5 hours in total, even though we were supposed to get ~10 hours per week. 

My home environment wasn't exactly great at the time which made doing homework there difficult. Kind of glad some places are moving away from it.
$C: I did barely any homework when I actually got around to doing it at all. Favorite class was calc BC where all homework was optional and would help boost low grades if you actually do it, got an A in that class and a 5 (max) on the AP exam, literally only did one homework assignment that whole year and it was because I found a roll of receipt tape and thought it would be funny to do math on it then roll it up in a little tiny scroll. Spoiler, it was hilarious.

&#x200B;

But yeah for a lot of kids (including me) in class lectures are more than enough to learn the concepts, and homework should only be for extra practice if needed. Maybe require some homework if you want to retake a test, or for other stuff that doesn't make you directly fail for not doing it.
$C: I was punished growing up if I didn't do well in school, to the point if I got below a C on anything all hell would break loose on me. I did it out of fear more than because I wanted to. I eventually just started hiding/"losing" stuff with bad grades so they never saw it and my parents never found out that I was almost failing my World History class my freshman year because it was too much to keep up with. Literally the first day of class we had a 300 pt assignment that covered 3 or 5 chapters that we obviously hadn't even learned yet. We were expected to go home and read something like 50-100 pages of our book and complete 5-6 pages of work that didn't even go in order with the chapters we were reading. I just didn't do it, and it was incredibly difficult to pull my grade back up after that.
$C: If I got good grades my parents trusted me and it allowed me to do pretty much whatever I wanted. Got a 4.0+ throughout high school and never had a bed time, was never told to stop playing video games, and I was able to hangout with my friends whenever I wanted as long as it didn't interfere with something important. 

Plus I would procrastinate my homework until the wee hours of the night. I'd start around 1/2 am and finished as much as I could be 3:30/4. The next day I'd use any free time in class to finish it up. 
$C: Seriously, outside of projects and papers, the only homework I did close to nightly was Math and that was only once I started taking pre-calc and above.
$C: I would do my homework in class or just cheat and do the bare minimum. My school was decent in that classes alternated between days so not all the homework was due at the same time. I also had a free periods. They also forced athlete's to spend an hour before practice doing their homework. Still an insane amount of bullshit. College is much much worse 
$C: I usually did mine an hour before class or turned it in late... 
$C: Same.
$C: First period study hall saved my ass.
$C: I ignored my homework save for the bare minimum to maintain a passing grade.  Still hit every test 90+%.  Drove my teachers crazy to the point I was routinely accused of cheating.

Got to the point I stopped caring at all about school save to maintain the C+ needed for "access" to wrestling.
$C: I had a no stupid homework policy. One teacher demanded a page of hand written notes, no extra spaces, one full block on a notebook page. Our history chapters were only like 2-3 pages long with graphics, so most of the students just copied the entire text, word for word, just to get the minimum volume in. 

I refused and she hated my guts for the year. Perfect scores on tests and quizzes, but still had something snotty to say when I was selected for a gifted and talented program.
$C: My entire school consisted solely of honors and AP classes and all academic courses were AP our junior and senior years. I would have died if they tried to give us 2 hours of HW every night lol. 
$C: That’s wild. I also had the same assignment making the map after reading The Most Dangerous Game. I spent a lot of time coloring it in, it ended up looking pretty cool and vibrantly colored— I ended up saving it. Sadly I lost points because I drew the island in the shape of a gun
$C: I wish more teachers were like that. I had a Chemistry teacher that always assigned tons of homework. It wouldn't have been *as bad* if she hadn't majored in microbiology so she wasn't good at teaching the class. In the first few weeks of school I had asked her for help with a couple questions our group (tables were set up in groups of 4) couldn't figure out. When the papers were graded we all missed those questions. 
$C: Wow I just got flashbacks of staying up to watch Jay Leno and then Conan. I watched them nearly every night while working on papers or busy work. I just realized that meant I was regularly staying up well past midnight while in high school (my high school started at 7:20am -- I was usually up by 6am). Damn.... Yeah, that's not good, no wonder I was so sleepy and stressed all the time
$C: And somehow that's preparing us "for the real world" where very few people actually have that much going on 5 days a week for 4 years.
$C: I didn't want to find out how bad it could get. My mom's husband at the time was physically abusive already (hit me, let friends burn me, etc) and emotionally abusive (told me I should kill myself or that the family would be better of without me, telling my sisters they didn't want to grow up to be like me, etc.) Keep in mind I was still in elementary school at the time. They put a lot of emphasis in me doing well in school, and I wasn't about to find out what would happen if I didn't.
$C: I too experienced frequent headaches and ended up with PCOS. I wonder if it's because of all the stress I was under as a child. 🤔
$C: I wish I had learned this early. I did all of my assignments every day from K-8. I got to high school and I was sick of it. I barely did any homework in 9th grade, did enough not to fail in 10th grade, almost failed in 11th grade, and finally learned enough to do bare-minimum-B's in my senior year. Now I have a mediocre transcript because of it.
$C: I am in complete agreement with you, never did homework unless I was failing that class, then I would do just enough to pass.

That is unless it was a project, I pour my heart and soul into presentations and projects. Maybe that's just the way I learn.
$C: Before school scramble was my favorite way to do work in HS. It’s my preferred way to get things ready for my students as a teacher  FWIW. 

(Edit: not that I’m winging it all the time, but I give myself some passively unintentional last minute pressure.)
$C: Not theirs...
$C: It's true. Learning to play the system is on it's own a skill. I know people who were straight A students, went to a good college, who are struggling later in life. Meanwhile I half-assed my way through Highschool and College, bsed my way through job interviews which I consistently landed, and now I work a kushy office job doing very little work for a lot of money because my resume is a shining example of me getting in places where I didn't belong but made them *think* I belonged until it became a matter of fact.

Then I used that previous bs to bs my way to the next level. Rinse and repeat and now I don't do jack for a big sum of money and it's just because I knew how to BS actually doing the work.
$C: 32 hours per week of homework plus 16 hrs in class. Seems only slightly high for full time college
$C: 48 hours of work a week to be an A+ student doesn't seem that crazy. If you want to have great grades you need to work hard. 
$C: My college expects us to take 28 credits + homework.

Students are burned out after a week.
$C: For me the big difference between college profs and high school teachers in terms of HW was that the profs actually had a clue how long things took. A "half hour" homework assignment in high school would take about 5 minutes. A "half hour" assignment in college took half an hour. 
$C: That's pretty much never actually assigned, and I don't know anyone who did it. 
$C: The only time I heard this was from a high school teacher using it as an excuse to prepare us for college. Never heard a college professor say or implement this. 
$C: > Basic math I use all the time. Algebra yea also quite often anything other then that not at all, except for maybe one or two building projects around the house.

Schools should really stop after algebra and geometry/trig and then go to statistics.  It's far more useful for 99% of people, and the 1% that needs calculus is going to have to re-learn it at a higher level in college anyway.  
$C: > having to take the time to write out problems 

This is what annoyed me about every math class before college. I get it, you want me to show my work but I don't see the point when that's not what's going to be required of me in most jobs and in others I'm sitting with a "cheat sheet" of the most common formulas and a calculator anyway so I don't screw it up. I got to college and the professors there didn't care if I wrote out the problem or not, just that I solved whatever it was and understood the process to do so to pass tests. Repetition should only be necessary if you really don't understand the process and need to learn, for people that can demonstrate that they do understand it you end up just irritating them and providing useless busywork that is pointless.
$C: Yeah you only get so much before you overload, drop everything, and hate school.
$C: Oh that makes sense. They always say that. Nobody actually studies that much. The teachers know it too. 
$C: I agree, but I never had a study hall, and class work and homework were separate. If you didn't finish the work in class it added to your homework. 
$C: Normal school times are around 7:30-3:00 by the way

At this 100k/year you say you make, you should be able to do the math on how much time that is
$C: All that money and you're still that insecure. 
$C: > Maybe this is why I earn 100k a year and you probably don't.

Lol
$C: This needs to be the new copy pasta
$C: Yeah, but it's Canadian dollars. Those don't really count.
$C: >Teachers despised me because they had to 1: Challenge me, 2: Do additional work.

This is the kind of person who gets off at the idea of being despised as a result of being successful, because they don't want to face the reality, which is that they're probably despised because they're just a shitty person. 

Probably why you're forced to *go your own way*, eh?
$C: > Maybe this is why I earn 100k a year and you probably don't.

If you want to troll successfully you should delete this line, makes it too obvious.
$C: I'm sorry to hear you had a poor experience in the Canadian school system, but I believe your experience is not the norm.

In Ontario, we rarely allow grade skipping. Gifted and talented students are challenged with specific programs (gifted, enhanced, AP), and school days are usually 8:30 to 3:00 or so, depending on elementary or high school.  So the 4.5 hour thing isn't really true. 

There are some bad teachers. There are also some good teachers.  The former are part of the reason I wanted to become a teacher, actually.  I agree that public school curriculums don't really teach students "real life" skills (financial education, proper career advice and job finding skills, etc), but it's down to the government to change curriculums, and teachers to go above and beyond what's necessary.

I'm not sure how many other school systems you've experienced. Asian education may produce higher results and students who are better at taking exams specifically, but is it worth the stress and anxiety that they experience? I'd prefer to look to the Scandinavian countries for educational inspiration, ones that advocate well rounded skills development, and mental well being.  There are school systems that are worse than ours.  From my UK experience, I am glad Canadians (generally) don't have to deal with standardized exams and tiered education.  After teaching in the UK I actually felt grateful for the education I had growing up in Canada. 

You're right that there may be a lot of students who lack ambition and a clear vision for their future, but in my opinion there are a lot of factors that account for this (family upbringing, personal goals and peer groups, maturity level, etc). A lot of older teachers say that the PC government getting rid of grade 13/OAC is the worst thing to happen to education in Ontario. While I don't really have an opinion on that as I never experienced it, I can see how an extra year of high school would give students more chances to pursue practical courses, interest courses, and gain another year of maturity before deciding what they want to do for a career. As it stands now, they have to decide very early, when they have little practical exposure to what jobs are actually out there.

That's just my two cents - I strongly believe in public education, and I don't think your comment is a fair reflection on our system.  Yes, there are flaws, but generally the good teachers want to work towards fixing them.
$C: And if you really gave no fucks like you claim, you wouldn't have responded so angrily.

See, this is the problem with people like you. You go around bragging about how smart and successful you are and then get baited so easily. 
$C: > Teachers despised me because they had to 1: Challenge me, 2: Do additional work.

Ignoring all the rest of the BS you're spouting, teachers loved me because they could challenge me. If your teachers hated you it's not because of how smart and hardworking you were. 
$C: You’re fucking stupid. Show me right now one public school website that lists a 4.5 hour day in ANY first world country.
$C: Lmao ok
$C: Well shit, I got fucked over by private school... 730 - 330, maybe an hour worth of breaks. Also, fwiw, I did finish school 22 years ago.
$C: PE and sports were different.

During school you had to do one pe per semester and it was usually a hour or two a week.

Sports were in addition to and on top of school
$C: (Australian) We had pe class, we also had sport after class at least twice a week plus saturdays. And all the usual homework and assignments.
$C: Population has nothing to do with that hey? 
$C: Sadly they didn't teach you about selection bias.
$C: Funny part is I typically did well on tests in school when I was younger and never did my homework because fuck that, I spend all day at school and pay attention, why should I have to do more shit at home? Drove my teachers nuts. I always argued that if I can pass the tests and obviously know the subject matter why should I have to do busy work on MY time? 
$C: School isn’t supposed to be easy. It’s supposed to be rigorous, challenging, and difficult. The goal is not only to have students learn the material, but teach them to handle stress and develop a strong work ethic. Sink or swim in a way. 

Giving students no homework is stupid. Repetition ad nauseum is effective. More importantly, minimal effort *isn’t* effective. 
$C: Yeah I getcha the comparison is sometimes hard. My nan stayed in a little longer I think, she's quite proud of her year 10 education.
$C: 7 minutes? We had 4 minutes which people were constantly late and they never changed it. 
$C: 7 minutes?!??! I only got 2 minutes in between classes.
$C: Don't forget that your locker is upstairs in a building in which you have zero classes!
$C: I had 10 minutes but my high school was a multi school campus so we had to sometimes walk a quarter mile outside to get to our next class
$C: The school I teach at does it in 3. Thank every power you know you got 7 and pray you never know the horrors my students live.
$C: Still? At 25? That is terrible...did you have teachers ridiculous like cartoon caricatures?
$C: Well he's still in highschool so he'll tell you in a few years I imagine.
$C: UX Design, I'm going to General Assembly's immersive course in it in the fall.
$C: Meth was the other thing, I presume.
$C: 😂 Well yes, I suppose. This exact thing happened to me, but there are several other factors that have led to my laziness and lack of motivation. 
$C: I personally find homework at elementary level to be good bonding time between my sons and I. It's mostly simple math, spelling exercises, reading, etc. I enjoy helping them solve the problems and love the "eureka!" moments when they finally get something right after struggling. 

Sure, we can also bond over throwing the ball outside, playing video games, etc but theres definitely value in passing a spelling test together too.
$C: Troof
$C: My son is in a college prep high school and this is how they approach it. They have assignments and projects and if they get it done in school great,  otherwise they're doing it at home.
$C: What, exactly, is homework trying to reinforce or create? Those skills are better taught with projects, rather than rote homework. Take math for example, you *will* have to do practice problems to learn and put the skills to use. My math teachers always dedicated half the class time towards homework. Those that worked fast could get it done in that time. What's left over is homework. That's teaching discipline and time management. You can get it done now, and have more time for yourself later, or you can choose to not do it now.

A school has a child for 7 hours a day. The school doesn't need more hours of control when they are supposed to be with their family to teach them "discipline, dedication, and time management." When they get off school, that's what they're learning from their family.
$C: I too could put discipline, dedication and time management on my resume, but I wouldn't attribute those skills to homework.
$C: I'm not disgreeing with you, but I wouldn't promote the idea that kids need to be aware of the purpose of a lesson to gain anything from it. A good deal of educational theory in fact says the opposite. 
$C: 5 min before class. Me and my buddy. Who said what alternates based on the day.

>"Hey. You do last nights worksheet?"

>"Yeah. It wasn't too bad."

>"Can I borrow it for a second?"

>"Yeah here ya go."

Fills in blanks and good to go.
$C: Your percentage is way too high. While some kids do that, most of my students don't. 
$C: In my case it was during study hall. 
$C: 1 out of 100 is hyperbole.  More like 90% at worst.  Probably 70% in reality and theres a lot of variation in whether you mean the entire assignment or those that try, dont finish and rush it later.
$C: It's crazy how different generations are. Not saying its better or worse, but I recall the kids being straight up forced to do homework by parents.
$C: > When I was in elementary school, my grandparents raised my siblings and I while my parents worked. Because of the language barrier, they weren't able to help me if I had some difficulty completing homework.

This is actually similar to one of the points made in the research.  If a kid doesn't understand the homework and doesn't have parents that can help, it can cause them to "reinforce" doing things incorrectly.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Its all in the past now. I don't blame my teachers, most of them were great at working with me. As I said also the teachers knew I wasn't slacking off, they often either accepted what I could do with no or little reduction in grade, or gave me extra time if needed, which to my knowledge wasn't part of my IEP. As far as K-12 I only really feel that one teacher I had treated me with malice but she would do that to any kid too (I had a friend who is super smart non learning disablied and she gave him hell because he couldn't see the chalkboard as he was waiting for his first ever pair of glasses to come in). The other teachers who were "substandard/poor" for me more lacked the tools/skills/abilities to really help students who needed extra, but most of them did try, and I never disliked them.

Stress hasn't been defiantly linked to cancer, but it can weaken the immune system (and since I don't smoke/drink/do activities associated with cancer and no real family history of it) and given the time line of how everything the cancer has a good possibility starting when things at college really started to go down hill (in terms of stress and mental well being) for me in college. The Uni I went to, had some really shit professors one of who called me slow in front of the entire class. Along with the classic "I don't care about your other classes, you only do my class work your other classes are to suffer" professors. 

My issue is with homework, when I was growing up it was common "practice/advice"  that students get 1 to 2 hours of homework per grade (e.g. 1st grade gets 1 or 2 hours, 2nd gets 2 to 4, etc). I basically lost my childhood to homework, because it took me longer to do/understand things, it brought a bunch of unneeded stress to my parents who needed to spent this time (mostly in elementary and some of middle school) to help me with it. It burnt me out to the point that by college I already had 2 years of burn out, and at first I could deal with it but as college stress built up though the years I reached by breaking point of having a basically a mental breakdown that required me medically withdrawing from most of my classes and then a semester or two later cancer (5/6 years later and Ive been in remission since). 

$C: That's good. The worst thing in the world was having plans that evening and then getting 5 lots of homework due for the next day. 
$C: It wasn't so much the teacher gave my folks homework for me to do it was more they realized that brining me in from recess to work on it was like you said a logistical nightmare and I'm pretty sure they just told my parents I needed help with spelling and to be fair it's a pretty necessary skill.

Just for some context I went to a really small school and so I don't know if they just didn't have the resources to test me for dyslexia or if it just didn't occur to them but the problem really hasn't followed me into adult life.
$C: I'm not sure what you're hinting at... that Korean Chinese and Indian children also have much higher suicide rates? I don't really get it.
$C: Students from those places also have higher suicide rates and longer, lonelier days.
$C: Yes, but those guys come here to do line jobs, analyst jobs, and will probably never make it to management since they don't have a well rounded skillset. Don't think we need to worry about your xenophobia. 
$C: What do you suggest teacher use instead? Unfortunately not all of my students have parents who take the initiative to read at home. I need something.  My log only has the parents initialing. It should be the student's responsibility to fill out the rest either at home or when they get back to school. 
$C: Work smarter not harder is what I tell them. lol 
$C: Reading logs aren't my favorite either, but it is the least invasive thing I can do. We have mandated homework at my school.  I have to have something I can collect and grade. My Reading At Home Bingo game that was fun wasn't good enough. Reading at home is important and I need to make sure an adult is around even if it just means an initial. The kids write the title, parents initial. It's the least homeworky homework I can give. I'm glad the students can at least pick their own books. 
$C: What do you think my beliefs are based on? I don't regularly cite my sources when browsing Reddit. 
$C: Without a doubt too much is bad. I once had a fourth grade teacher who insisted that 3 to 4 hours a night was "normal" and that he really could be giving more. That was his first year teaching at that school and he didn't return the following year.
$C: At best my Reddit Pro Tools has him flagged as a troll. I added asshole tag to it. 
$C: Not much tho 
$C: I like you.
$C: **Unsubscribe**
$C: Too bad the rear struts cant though
$C: [deleted]
$C: How many over 5?

Uh... Asking for a friend.
$C: I used to have a 98 camry. I will say, I do miss that trunk space...
$C: Wel if you can fit only 5 then you aren’t trying hard enough 
$C: Top notch.
$C: Wait.... now I need to test this with my ‘98 camry...
$C: a little sad that school started, but good i guess? how are you?? 
$C: Apparently not, either that or she simply can't be bothered. 

Every day I used to pick my daughter up from school, read her book with her and help her complete her homework, in the 1 hour she would allow me to see her. 
$C: Probably Common Core math.  I know how to add 235 + 456 but have no idea how to do it using mental math, arrays of cubes, or some other obscure method designed to make an elementary schooler understand the underlying essence of how addition works.  
$C: This makes me feel like a total turd. My daughter's 1st grade math homework ninjaed my brain. I had to ask for help. It was some geometry type shit. I felt like a literal turd on the ground.
$C: She's been living with her mother for nearly 4 years now, every day she tells me she want's to live with me. Spent thousands trying to make it happen, never going to, not yet anyway, but she already know's her mother's not really there for her. Breaks my heart because i know there isn't anything i can do. 
$C: I think a lot of the homework is intended to educate some of the parents. lol

After all the 'i'm doing homework with the neighbours mom', like WTF is that all about, and the everyday video calls on Whatsapp to help her complete her daughters homework, the neighbours kids homework like some homework tech support, i got fed up with it and just help her do it myself. 

Rather not go into the rantyness or actual craziness of that woman. lol, because some of it just makes me sound like i'm making things up, it's that crazy. 
$C: I honestly think it's a combination of not understanding some of the basic stuff, spelling and just not being bothered to actually help her complete it. 
$C: I honestly don't think she paid that much attention to me over the years, I just put up with her for the sake of my daughter and when she got her stay she was out of here. 
$C: Trust me, that school has no clue about anything. 

There where some serious incidents that the school handled really really badly (in my opinion anyway).  They are one of those schools that ban parents if they 'kick off' or cause a fuss. 
$C: Nah, never had her class again. Bitch can suck it, she still hates children. 
$C: Oh I guess we aren't talking about summer holiday's.
$C: They usually set her online homework as well, but since it's the end of year they didn't, so happy they didn't add that on top. Surprisingly, she has done quite a lot of it, but there is really no reason to finish it all, so not really going to push her to finish any of it. 

It's ridiculous the amount she got, their actually double sided pages too!!
$C: > 160 a4 pages 

Yeah I'm calling bullshit. I don't think I ever saw a teacher assign 160 pages of HW for a whole year of high school, let alone for 2 weeks of a 6yo's holiday.
$C: When I was in school I think all I got at that age was a letter to explain when the holidays end and probably some spellings to learn. That was it. lol

I was really surprised when it pulled out the first pack, i thought that was a lot! I had no idea they put other 'packs' to complete as well and the books and work books too! 
$C: [deleted]
$C: I won't be able to post pics until next week, since she's at her mothers this week. 
$C: Oh, I get it now. Analytical essays are bullshit tests. I’d honestly suggest reading both, because they’re great reads. 

Essay advice: If you write the essay on Frankenstein, say that the relationship between Frankenstein and the monster parallels American race relations resulting from the trans-Atlantic slave trade (or the fallout from western colonial powers dividing up Africa and the Middle East with no regard for native tribal boundaries, or the CIA inciting the Iranian revolution to replace a progressive leader with a theocrat, or how the CIA trained Bin Laden, etc.): an educated, civilized society of mostly white men messing with something they didn’t understand for short-term profit, and in doing so creating a (real or perceived) “monster” that turns against them. If you pick Dracula, say that Dracula represents the persecuted pagan “other” in Europe under the Catholic Church (draw parallels to the St. George myth as necessary). If nothing else, you’ll stand out.
$C: How so?
$C: If you think someone's weird it's probably because they're acting as a more self directed individual.
$C: I am still friends with people I went to elementary school with.
$C: Because you were too busy doing schoolwork to understand lol
$C: something tells me the class sizes were different, though.  Its a lot easier to teach more when you have 1 on 1 attention.
$C: Americans are just too goddamn busy to be expected to understand politics. We're all put through meatgrinders and at the end of the day, you can't expect someone to know who to vote for what's best for them. Or vote *at all.*
$C: /s?
$C: I agree, she just oozes...
$C: Yes...in rich neighborhoods. Majority of funding is based on property tax.
$C: Exactly, why do kids even go to school? You can get anything you need to know on the Internet these days

/s 
$C: Probably has something to do with cost of living and ever increasing health care costs.  Countries with socialized health care can have lower base pay and no employer contributions towards their health care plans.
$C: Not a baby boomer, but they have this one right. If you're gonna make the (arguably dumb) choice to have a kid, then you need to be responsible for its daycare/schooling/whatever until it can provide for itself. 
$C: studies on class sizes vs academic performance and consistently increasing class sizes say otherwise.
$C: Yes...in rich neighborhoods. Majority of funding comes from property tax.
$C: what
$C: He said minimum wage (or close to it) which I agree with. I'd bet the vast majority of people don't make over double minimum wage in the US. 
$C: Yeah I know.  They’re doing that because people complained using arguments similar to the one I just posted.
$C: Just as easily as they could have backed up their original claim. 

E: fixed pronouns. 
$C: Yup Im not sure what I was thinking. It's be 600 per month if you assume 20 school days. Still a lot but not nearly as bad.

Edit: it's 4 day school weeks not 4 hour school days. I need to get more sleep.
$C: He went to public school.  Give him a break.   
$C: NEXT!
$C: I read 4 hour days and thought they'd have to pay for day care for the rest of each day. Either way I fucked up the math lol. Scary that I do math for a living.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Plus most school calendars in the US have several Monday holidays. 
$C: I Iive on Mars so it checks out. /s
$C: [deleted]
$C: Yes, regardless of my math errors here actual child care is out of control. One of the reasons I will never have kids.
$C: That’s fair, I got a bit defensive because of how often I’ve been told things along the lines of “you’re so well adjusted” or “how do you get along with people so well” as if I grew up in a cave. 
$C: You’re right, stereotypes do exist for a reason. That reason is ignorance.
$C: Michigan
$C: I recall one point in 8th grade where I had 5 simultaneous projects to work on, plus regular homework.

They clearly didn't do any of that communiwhatsit.
$C: If you know how to manage your time you would know homework is useless. This is a terrible argument. In high school I straight up didn't go to classes I didn't like and had to make it up with a GED. I'm now a software engineer who takes on more than average work and enjoys it. You're teaching kids to hate work with this sort of thing. Burnout happens all the time and it has to be for some reason. It's probably the excessive homework. 
$C: Is this common? I did 0 homework in all of school, 0 studying, 0 review, and didn’t even complete projects I thought were useless. I told teachers to just give me a 0 if the assignment involved colouring or anything irrelevant to the class topic/subject. I was sort of a test-only student of that makes sense, where I wouldn’t really put in effort for in-class assignments even though I knew the material. 

Later on in life I hear nothing other than how impressive my prioritizing and time/self management skills are in the workplace, and I’m only 20 - 2 years removed from slacking in class but acing tests. 

It worked for certain teachers, who didn’t like doing daily assignments. I got 200% on my first English project, and rode that grade over some of the more boring assignments, and my mark only dropped from 120 to 87 throughout the entire year. Other teachers were so stuck in their routine of daily “package” assignments, which I would keep in my backpack until that mid-term “everything late is now due” date, where I’d crunch and finish them all and hand them in at once. 

School just didn’t motivate me to work at all. Now that I’m getting paid and can see what I’m doing is actually useful, I put in the effort and it’s paying off. Maybe all those teachers who told me to apply myself were right... I mean of course they were but school fucking sucked. 
$C: gotta read the first few questions to see if there’s anything you need to graph. If you’re just writing words it’s redundant , but if every single other assignment has a unique graph, let’s say a parabola for example, and you still have the y=sinx or whatever from 2 months ago, you’re gonna stick out like a sore thumb 
$C: Wasn’t cheating and I actually payed attention in class.  Plus I already knew algebra at the time and it was my favorite class.
$C: Thats a problem with my parents, I am 22 now and in university. When I was a kid and asked my parents for help they never tried to help me do any of it. My aunts who live next door helped me learn and study english and italian vocabulary (I hated italian I wish I would have never chosen it). My aunts are amazing, but I never expect anything from my parents anymore. Stopped getting birthday presents when I was 10, my aunts atleast gave me something small which made me happy. Maybe it's because they are both teachers, but my mom always said she does all the housework and that should be enough. Tbh housework for 5 kids when my brothers and sister lived at home was a lot of work looking back, but I still would have loved some input in my homework. Living in Austria. Btw in Austria you don't get homework in holidays, there would be riots if they tried to give us homework.
$C: I’m definitely not Asian but some of my best friends are and I’ve heard stories! Lol
$C: ✊🏽
$C: God I fucking hate when teachers do that. My science teacher last year was brutal to a few kids including me and especially this one new kid. I felt so bad.
$C: So do top American universities? You're not going to an Ivy League unless you have a top tier academic resume, but there are a ton of people like that so they use other things to distinguish between the top. I don't know where this idea that the US doesn't value grades as much comes from. The US values grades as much as any other top tier institution, however they get so many applicants from around the world that they can then be even more picky.
$C: Yeah like I don't get it, sure all the super children go into Oxbridge in our country, but one of my friends went for medicine in Oxbridge (probably the MOST difficult course to get into in England, maybe aside from law) and he did much the same as me, He learned drums and he volunteered some place, his grades were just higher, and Oxbridge is what? Top 5? Top 3? In the world?

I don't know what they're trying to achieve by making all these difficult choices, and it isn't just Harvard, it's probably the top 10 in every state that have these ridiculous entry "requirements" 
$C: WtF is my state doing then. In highschool I got on the bus at 6:30AM and got home at around 2:45. If I was to get home from a club it would be at 5:00PM. 3 hours of homework from the moment I would get home would be 8PM finish time. Waking up at 6:00AM and doing stuff constantly untill 8PM is 14 hours straight and having virtually no free time sucked ass. Another two hours of hw per day and you might as well kiss your child's mental health goodbye.
$C: I don't know what crazy place you live in, but when I where to high school no one in the district had a "free" period except a few special cases. That shit went out the window in the early 90s along with students being able to park cars on campus without special permission.   
Also many high schools and middle schools where I grew up started at 7 or 7:30am and still went until 3 or 3:30pm.  
  
Pretty much everything regarding k-12 in the U.S is highly location dependent,thing can vary wildly between districts and states.  
  
7 hours at school is a lot for a kid. They don't need several extra hours of busy work afterward. 
$C: Screw my state starting so early in the morning, I envy starting at 8 and getting out at 2
$C: You should factor in the commute.  I generally had to wake up at 6-6:30 AM to make it to the school bus on time and would get home around 3:30 or so every day until I got my license in senior year.  School was generally 8-2:30, if I remember correctly.  

That's a 9 hour day without even considering the time investment of homework.  I remember 7th and 8th grade in particular having an inhuman amount of homework/projects that seriously fucked me up and caused me to really phone it the fuck in by the time I got to high school.
$C: [deleted]
$C: yes, regrouping = borrowing.
$C: Are you a teacher? 
$C: I teach 10-12 year olds. Two lessons off maths a day for a total of about 1,25-1,5 hours and added lessons for reading tables and diagrams. 
$C: Marzano and Hattie have researched this extensively. You would know that if you had any knowledge of the matter. Homework doesn't add to the learning process unless certain factors are met. Those factors, like a steady household, room and time for making homework and parents' up to date knowledge of the given work are not available for >90% of my students. 

You know what it's like for my kids? They get yelled at at home for asking difficult questions about their work. They get into heated discussions because kids learn different from 20 years ago. They get ignored. They can't use the computer because there is none, or their methy brother hogs it. Parents are high all the time or, even better, give them gifts to make sure the kids aren't a handful (PS4 and XBOX). And then yell at them for losing sleep and getting bad grades. Three times a year these parents ask me for more homework. I give it and never see it back. 

You know the learning effect of homework for kids like mine? It's negative. 

You got to throw some Latin at me. Wow, you must be studied and I'm in awe. Sad to see no one ever took the time to learn you that you should get off your high horse.
$C: I’m pretty sure this guy meant someone who got C’s in med school. But maybe I’m wrong 🤷🏼‍♂️
$C: [deleted]
$C: Yeah, 'an outdated truism'
$C: Then they wouldn't be a doctor, would they? 
$C: Eh, 2.0 is the literal cutoff for most colleges. Below will lead to probation unless you're at a highly competitive school.
$C: That's why people get operated on by surgeons, not doctors. After years of training and competency exams. The pass fail kind. 
$C: As an ex teacher in a low income area... That note is fabulous as sentiment, but nonsense if they expect those results
$C: [deleted]
$C: Welcome to college level STEM, friend. If it's too much for you, you can always head on over to gender studies or anthropology.
$C: Did you read it? It doesn't say "weak correlation" it says the correlation gets weaker in younger grades. You can argue that the kind of homework that is given out in many US schools isn't effecient but to suggest that practicing something doesn't lead to improvement is silly.
$C: It should be done in school, but I think that *good* homework can reinforce proper schooling. I'm not for overworking students, especially at a young age, but there is a middle-ground between no homework and too much homework. Plus, I think self-study is a valuable skill to have in its own right. Tackling some problems on your own is important for development and building confidence. I imagine there is only so much a teacher can do during the school-day, so some reflection at home can help solidify some concepts for the student.
$C: Are you suggesting that practicing something more often than others won't make you better at it?
$C: I believe that homework should be more about applications and problem solving. I agree that most teachers focus too much on the 'knowing stuff' aspect of homework, but I've had very valuable homework in all subjects from great teachers. It's not an easy task for your run-of-the-mill overworked teacher, though.
$C: > thats why im ass at math

You probably had parents who didn't really know much about the subject as well, it's often a bit of a cycle. 
$C: Maybe the reason you are ass at math is because you realized the exact same thing that 99% of other kids do, but unlike the other kids that actually turned out to be good at math, you didn't have parents and teachers on your ass to push through the busywork.  You think the Asian kids crowding the STEM departments at unis around the world are all born loving math?  They probably started out hating it just as much as everyone else; but some of their parents and teachers hated letting them use that as an excuse to slack off on it even more.

It's true that there's such a thing as overworking kids; and it's true that Asian kids have high suicide rates largely because of overwork and pressure to succeed academically.  But it's also true that nobody will ever know what it is to be overworked until they are pushed to that point.  The proper goal of a responsible parent or educator should be to push their kids to their limit, and then back off ever so slightly so it's sustainable; not this slack-off lowest common denominator philosophy that treats all kids as fragile victims that need to be protected from every kind of stress or hardship until they are adults--at which point they will have been rendered totally unable to deal with the inevitable stress and hardship that comes at us all like a freight train whether our parents protected us from it as kids or not.
$C: You're a grown up and can do this on your own.  Stop being a helpless pussy.
$C: Ohhhh okay yep that makes a lot of sense. 
$C: Work in a school district, member of a non-teacher union, intimately familiar with the impact the teacher's union has on everyone else in the district.

But tell me more about my life, I'm sure you're an expert.
$C: Dude, totally backwards.   
Very young students should have little to no homework, and as they get older they might benefit from an increased work load.   
There's no way a little kid should be spending 6 or 7 hours in school and then have another several hours worth of work.   
      
Teachers just flat out not doing the job is a different complaint, I see how it's related, but a teacher who's willing to totally shirk their duty is going to be a shitty teacher regardless. In that case the kids are basically being screwed out of their education either way. At least some of them might benefit from self-study.  
$C: I sort of agree but I guess I never had more than an hour or maybe 2 of homework per day for elementary and middle school, never had to work all night until high school and after
$C: Your response to jokes is also meh
$C: No, but it's weird to say they're making bank. I'd say the average engineer is solidly middle class. Some scratch the surface of upper middle class. Engineers who make a lot of money later in life usually have gotten promoted multiple times and do more management than engineering (think CEOs). 
$C: Good luck! 
$C: That’s correct.  It’s the difference between be lectured to about how to play the piano and getting lectures and actually PRACTICING the piano.  You just cannot get proficient without practice and there is not enough time in the school day to practice the material being taught.  But it DOES save the teacher time  “Research” can be structured to get the answer that you want.   Knowledge is increasing and American students are falling behind.  It’s nutty ideas like this that are the reason.
$C: That's different, though (I'm a physics teacher and I'm notoriously bad at arithmetic). Once you get to much more advanced math, doing arithmetic quickly and precisely becomes less and less important, so a lot of people with advanced backgrounds in math kind of fall out of practice at doing arithmetic because it's just not so relevant. 

However, to get to that point requires going through things like algebra, and kids who struggle with arithmetic rarely do well with that transition. They start finding math too hard and frustrating and it spirals downward from there. Arithmetic is incredibly important for building a foundation in mathematics, but once you have a strong foundation it's not as relevant.

Also part of it is that we exaggerate about how bad mathematicians are at arithmetic. We find it ironic that someone who does advanced math for a living has to think for a while to figure out what a 15% tip for a $32.40 meal should be, so we overplay it. In reality mathematicians aren't really any slower at figuring that out than most people, but it's surprising because we naively expect them to be *faster*, and they usually aren't.
$C: No, its because they didn't do their homework, or at least, didn't get practice.  
$C: You don't see the relevance of basic multiplication and spelling?
$C: Xd missed Ur sarcasm ahahah
$C: i'm sure your experience is universal and no one ever has a different one. 
$C: For me in HS it was 2-5 10-page papers a week + 2-3 chapters in English, 1 chapter in History, 20-30 problems in Math, 20-30 problems in science per night.

It was about 3-4 hours a night and I didn't even do all of it.
$C: I think 3rd graders should be introduced to homework and 4th graders should be somewhat used to the routine of doing something after they get home from school. 

no way in hell are two 7th graders comparable when one of them has 4 years of experience doing homework and the other has never done school work outside of class. 
$C: Oh yeah? What's the mass of a photon? Let's see how fast he can get this one! 
$C: [yeah right such a coincidence that every dude who posts on T_D has a PHD in p physics yet never posted anything in any physics/science related sub lol](http://www.reactiongifs.com/r/2013/06/I-dont-believe-you.gif) 
$C: Cool. And...?

Edit for the downvoters: I'm not questioning his degree or experience. He didn't answer my second question and I was hoping to elicit the response I got further down the thread.
$C: >I'm sure most of those teachers that have adopted this new method were adolescents just 5 years ago. 

You're sure? My school has more than 20 teachers and I can assure you this isn't true for a single one that adopted the ideology. I'm the youngest that does this and I was 22 five years ago. However, the next youngest was in her 30's. 

>I think the solution is to only let students participate in education if they want to,

You should check out my past post on education reform. Someone said something similar. It speaks to Thomas Jefferson's views of education and ephasizing quality. It's a very thought-provoking topic because of the way our society works.

$C: Fair enough, that’s a good point about their attention spans.
$C: ...what? How did you manage to refute everything I said without using a shred of reasoning?

How am I so incorrect? I genuinely would like to know.
$C: that's my comprehension after 2 readings yes.
$C: So my question to those who attend a school with this policy, are your kids not required to read novels?  When I was in high school we read several novels a year: To Kill a Mockingbird, Animal Farm, Grapes of Wrath, Lord of the Flies, and many others.  Does this new model not require reading since there's no way a kid can read these books within the hours of school?  Often times kids reading books assigned through school is the only way they can pick-up good literacy and learn focus as they have to dedicate time to read which not only helps with time management but also attention.  Then there's research papers.  When I was in high school in the early 90's we had 2 or 3 major research papers a year, like with 10+ sources, 10-15 pages, work cited, 50-100 note cards, multiple drafts, and it had to be on a serious topic.  Are these no longer required?  

Homework aside, if these major items are being nixed then our education system is in a worse state then I assumed.  I've heard most schools dropped writing cursive.  Also many don't give kids books or don't allow them to take books home.  This just seems to be doing such a disservice to our kids.  
$C: No, I agree that in general kids are assigned too much work. I was more so thinking along the lines of how having *some* homework helps them develop discipline to sit down and do work even when they don't want to. I remember my college experience and honestly couldn't imagine going from zero homework in high school to college. I would have died. But I think the expectation for kids to go to school all day, do a few hours of homework, do sports/extracirriculars, volunteer and have a social life is absurd. 
$C: > weight it less on grades 

Teacher here. It's considered bad practice to have homework completion as a component of the student's grade, as it is not a great measure of student learning.
$C: There are drastically better ways to incentivize that, though. 

"Bad child, here's a bad grad" is a pretty awful incentive. 
$C: Definitely when you get into specialized areas of research as an adult. For k-12 I’m not so sure. I can see it for math and science, but not for art/history type studies. 
$C: I don't know people who think it's useless for older kids/young adults. I think what it's talking about is specifically young children
$C: I think the problem that most people have is that given the stress those work hours induce the homework given should be meaningful and not bloated.  Too often kids are given busy work rather than meaningful work. I study Elec Engineering, if I didn't sit up after uni writing c++ or messing with my breaboard I would fail. But that work feels valuable to do, so I do it kf my own accord.
$C: I do around 5 hours a week. At my school we get about 10 hours a week MAX, but i dont do half of it because yes, i am not bothered. I think that learning stuff like my native language’s literature history etc doesn’t help me one bit, so i dont do that stuff. 
I dont feel like i lay behind other people in my grade who do more homework, i honestly think paying attention in class is 20 times more important
$C: My college (pretty much all stem) is running at about [27 hours of coursework](https://www.hmc.edu/wham/data-visualization) outside of class. I'm doing engineering and that feels a bit low to me, but I usually have to work harder at things to understand them.

You can go to the executive summary on the side bar to get a better overview on things.
$C: BS in Applied management. I already had an unrelated AS degree so it only took me 2 years and a semester to complete. Was a brutal process usually involving 12 hours of assignments due when walking into each class. 
$C: The [\~130 studies](https://www.teachermagazine.com.au/articles/does-homework-contribute-to-student-success) that have been done over the years. Some claim weak benefit for homework in high school. Some claim negative benefits with heavy homework loads. One thing is clear - there's no real consensus.

>...the inquiry committee had this to say: 'It is not possible from the  available data to make unequivocal statements about the effectiveness of  homework overall in assisting student learning.’

​
$C: I don't think anyone's saying that study's bad. Homework is a different thing.
$C: I never used "kid" to refer to anyone past school, nor can I recall any example when someone else did. People in college are not "kids" to me. Well, sometimes they do behave like kids, but for that there is the word "infantilism", and the whole usage of the word is negatively marked.
$C: >History = quantity. It's pure info rather than just understanding material. 
>

Don't know much about history do you?


$C: What a few of my teachers did at different academic levels is assign us homework that they wrote themselves on the spot, rather than referring students to an exercise book. That way, the task was light and didn't stray too far from what was said in the classroom. You could do it in 10 or 20 minutes, so it didn't scare us off like what some other stricter teachers gave.

If you're going through problems in a book the night you took that class, it can feel alienating, and a lot of instructions quickly escape you. I found that, with tailored homework, I was able to recall and connect the information easier. Not to mention that the feasible amount in front of me served as encouragement to complete the homework in its entirety. 

More important than homework, though, is simply having a knack for the subject. So before scrapping off homework thinking it's the problem or a thing that hinders students, we should start making the classroom a better, more intriguing environment. 
$C: Interesting. Would you say this is the majority of students? How are the top performers?
$C: Is this by sister posting this? 
$C: >**Most** parents don't like their kids.  Sure they love them, but that doesn't mean they have to like them.

I'll take *Source Please* for $200 Alex.  I'll give you some, but not most.  Not only do I love my kid, I like them as well.  One of my favorite people to do stuff with.

Same goes for nearly every parent I know, young and old.
$C: Poor kid. Not your brother, the actual kid. 
$C: Fucking hell you and your brother sound like cunts
$C: what the fuck
$C: I feel more sorry for the kid. To be fair we're just seeing what you're saying but it might be better for the kid to be with someone else.

There's a difference between teaching your kid to be independent and making them feel like a damn burden for simply being a kid.
$C: > I honestly sympathize with him

You shouldn't.
$C: I sympathize as well. Best of luck to everybody.
$C: [deleted]
$C: I rarely did homework in college because as you mentioned it's not worth wasting my time on repetitive problems that give me no gain. However I knew that from elementary and high school that I could pick things up in class and didn't need the extra work. Homework isn't learning through teaching it's learning through practice. Some can need to do something once and learn it. Those are the people who don't need homework. Some people need to do things a couple times before they get a grasp on how to do it and learn it. Similar to learning new names. Some people know other people's names right away, others need to hear it a couple times before it sticks. 

If you don't take the early school years to find how you best learn, it will come to bite you in the ass later in your school years because you haven't learned how to learn. If you or I hadn't been assign homework in elementary/high school we wouldn't know that we didn't need it. Yes we would've been fine if we never had homework but that would've been because things were taught once and we learned and remembered things when we learned them only once. The opposite though would've happened for other people. People who need the extra practice of homework to learn would struggle tremendously as they got higher in school because they never learned that they needed homework. It becomes the students, not the parents who believe school is a magical place. Because the students when to school, sat and learned in class, then the bell rang and school was done, that's it. They aren't taught that you can do extra work after school to learn better. 

It's not a parent's job to teach their kid anything related to education. Yes they can help guide them, but the parents teach the kids how to succeed. Whether that's making sure they sit down and do their homework, taking them to the library during the summer, or just teaching them what's the right and wrong thing to do. It's all things to be successful in life. That's how parents play the role of teachers. However, school topics are entirely on the teachers to teach the kid. 
$C: That’s why I don’t work for companies that have that ethos...I’m not their slave, I don’t do work for free.
$C: [deleted]
$C: So you’re saying that students can read the entirety of the AP BIO textbook in class and do labs and other hands on work as they’re supposed to in a single school year?
$C: You know what else is going to put responsibility on the students without saying explicitly: "do this to get a grade"? **Real life**. The ones who are passionate about the subject will do more than what is prescribed anyway, and the ones who aren't can use that time on a subject they do actually want to dive deeply into.
$C: No children cannot decide for themselves the right amount of hw, they need to be pushed not coddled, otherwise we get our current US PISA scores...
$C: 1. It's not
2. That shouldn't be the goal of education.
$C: You...you mean the research which shows no correlation between homework and student achievement?
$C: Shall I post confidential test scores? Get serious. 
$C: Yeah, these conversations get so contentious depending on who you're talking to. It's like people's shitty upbringings get brought out on full display. 
$C: >That's not a thing.

Pretty sure families are a thing.


> If the single parent had the same money as the dual parents, it would probably be better to be solo.


nah, the evidence points to emotional stability being higher when you have two parental care givers. 
$C: [removed]
$C: You don't come off hostile and I am glad to have this conversation as it kind of lets me vent about my frustrations :) Anyway, A lot of the articles support the argument of less homework when they are younger and that homework is beneficial as they get older. I am all about quality vs quantity, which I think we both agree on. I'm just jaded by the consistent disdain for education my students have. Some are okay, but so many just don't give a fuck about their education no matter what I try. When I carefully pick out the 4 meaningful questions I assign for homework that would take them 10 minutes to do and they don't do it, it's given me very little hope. And those that do it are not receiving the challenge that stretches their potential because I "have to be fair". So I make the best of what I can during class and that's when I'm able to differentiate my instruction. I don't rely on homework to push students to their potential, I rely on homework for those who need practice to get that measly D to pass the class. Those that do the homework, will ultimately perform better at benchmark assessments and those that don't will do poorly. This is of course just correlation between doing homework and higher achievement, but the numbers still speak for themselves. The students who have developed the habit, discipline, and time management skills to do homework will do better, be more engaged, and are more likely to be the curious learner we all want our students to be. I don't think there is any research that can refute that.

Man I can only dream of scenario where I can facilitate a flipped classroom. Where my students are disciplined enough to learn a lesson on their own and then come back to class so we can have meaningful discussions, uncover misconceptions, practice problems together, etc. When I attend national math conferences and accidentally stumble into a session on Phillip Exeter Academy's flipped classroom of 10 kids who come from well educated, rich families I swear my eyes couldn't possibly roll any harder. And by the way, if you are teaching a flipped classroom then you are still relying on homework, it just comes in the form of note taking, watching a video, or reading a section out of the math book.  
$C: You might need to do some reading for me, your second links headline is "Study: Homework linked to better standardized test scores" lol. 

In any case, the conclusions of those studies could be invalid (or more likely, misrepresented) for numerous reasons, for one, I'll be the first to admit that saddling a kid with a shit load of homework isn't going to accomplish much except burning them out. I doubt those studies take that into consideration. Secondly, it assumes the children did the homework. Thirdly, there isn't a control to account for varying degrees of homework levels and/or competition. 

Your first link in regards to math was interesting, but I feel its not all that relevant to your overall point about homework (although I'll give you credit, I asked for a source on your claim and you essentially did provide one). I would argue that it isn't homework that taught those kids wrong information in the first place, it was probably bad teaching. You can't expect homework to teach anything, its to solidify a lesson and see if they actually learned the information and/or reinforce it. Homework tasks can be construed (for math) to test for a wide variety of misunderstandings.  Create problems that will test for common misconceptions the kids might have with the lesson, such as if the lesson were on negative numbers. Really basic example: Go home and solve these math problems.. ex. -2 + -5 = X (-7). If anyone answered 3, or 7, or -5, you know they didn't get the concept and must be retaught. 

If your argument is that homework is useless, that's very much the same as saying practice is useless. Of course practice is not useless. Practicing incorrectly is detrimental, but to insinuate that based on that fact one should never practice anything is absurd. 
$C: I think it depends on the student. Homework helped me, may not help others I guess. 

$C: I am currently still in my pre college education. I'm around thousands examples of this every day from all walks of life. Why would I trust conclusions taken from a source that isn't directly applicable to my life when I have a source I interact with daily. 


$C: At school. With guidance. A pile of ditto sheets does nothing but take away from family time and play, both of which are also important.
$C: Hey, if you're good at something, never do it for free.
$C: it's stupid to not have homework. why go to school at all?
$C: Is there something I can help you with?
$C: it's not a guarantee but I choose to believe that it is an indication towards competency.
$C: No problem bro. There isn’t really a hard “punchline”. But he left all the clues there. First he says that his school did the exact same policy. Then that he failed his class. Knowing those to things alone the “punchline” is that no one would tell him why. Meaning that he actually should have been turning in homework the whole time and his school didn’t have the policy. 

Have you ever had any class in your life where you fully failed it and wasn’t given a reason from anyone? 

Then what makes it even funnier is that the reply was so nice and caring while saying the exact same thing that you’re supposed to think because that was the joke. He even apologizes that he didn’t get to go on the field trip haha
$C: You could just give them more time in class to research on their own. That way they're managing their time during school hours.
$C: But why would you stress out kids for something that will help them with uni but nothing after that? 
$C: [removed]
$C: Yeah!
$C: [deleted]
$C: He did his homework.
$C: Cat ate it!
$C: As a Hillsborough County resident please don't group us in with Pasco and Polk. 
$C: yes
$C: yes
$C: yes
$C: *whoosh*
$C: [deleted]
$C: *DONT CHU "ELL ME WHAT IS AND AINT MY COUNTRY*
$C: I always make it easy for people to find my kids school.
$C: He meant country
$C: Not with that attitude it isn't.
$C: r/whoooosh
$C: The joke was that anywhere in florida would have this policy of no real hw, which jives with their shitty education system.
$C: r/SpiderMan
$C: Like, say, being the Sausage King of Chicago?
$C: You get an upvote!
$C: Do you really consider a county to be a "specific location"? 
$C: My old workplace had a form like that. My favorite responses were the ones where they wrote “USA!!!” As if they were offended by the suggestion they might be from somewhere else. Also, the county field was important for our records, so I had to follow up with everyone who couldn’t figure it out. Lucky me. 
$C: Shitty app design. Input should be restricted by using a lookup table.
$C: 60% of the time, all the time
$C: 60% of the time every time.

Good times.
$C: Why not just ask For ZIP code? 
$C: So 60% of the time? Or every time? Which is it?
$C: If I hand you a resume during our interview and you hand me an application to fill out, I laugh at you and walk away.
$C: Wow, i cant believe that many people misread everything. Everyone does that with comments so everyone can mis s important things. I remember i found a comment with one extra sentence and almost no one read that one sentence that didn't go of the standard comment size for youtube and everyone thought it was a bad comment.It gets really annoying that too many people are too lazy to read one final sentence of a small paragraph of 5 sentences. Most teachers at 5th and higher grade levels don't count it as a paragraph!
$C: Well, aren't you asking them for their country?  You're asking a question and it's being answered.

Like me, they are probably thinking you are international business people and not some 2 bit hookie selling trinkets from the swamp.

conceited people...everytime
$C: Your mom's basement sounds pretty close.
$C: This post is about how homework does *not* help further educate children.

Then, this guy says that that’s how they do it in his *county.* and it’s working great.

Somebody else asks what *county* they live in.

This guy says “Florida, USA”

That’s a state and a country. Neither of them are counties.

But the no-homework policy is working great in his *county.*

That *is* what hilarity is.
$C: reddit has a fetish for corny constructs
$C: It's been amazing. My middle son was always stressed out and had behavior issues, it was no way for an 8 year old to live. He's night and day now. They get to study the basics plus what they want. Computers, programming, art, american history, astronomy.

As far as socializing, that's very easily remedied, especially in Florida

My kids play games online with their friends, they talk in Discord, but there's also a lot of face to face. Classes at the library, aquarium, bowling, so on. My oldest son is attending classes for free at community college since that's technically dual enrollment. There's events at the subdivision clubhouse constantly.

Basically, it's going to be okay if you make sure it is. I know this sounds biased, but my boys are the best behaved children in the family at any holiday party or whatever 
$C: That used to confuse me as a kid. They'd have "County/Parish" on some forms, which made me wonder why anyone cared so much which church you went to.
$C: Alaska uses bouroughs as well.
$C: In France its a comte.

$C: Could be Geneva County Schools in Alabama
$C: Well that’s a blatant lie. Everyone in the UK lives in a county, and would know so, as it’s part of our addresses. 

For example, I live in Kent, which is a county, and if anyone wants to send me a letter or a package, they have to enter it as such.

Counties in England have been around since before the USA was even founded, so definitely not a ‘US government thing’.

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Counties_of_England
$C: Alaska reporting in. We don’t have counties. We have boroughs. 
$C: A county was originally an area of land ruled by a “count”, much like a duchy is an area ruled by a duke. I don’t think that makes it “a US government thing.” Also I live in Canada and we have counties as well. It’s really just a an administrative division and not distinctly American.
$C: We do have administrative regions called counties in Britain. They're the largest subdivision from a governmental pov except for "country" (England, Wales etc.).

As for elementary schools, we don't have that term in England (I think there's some funky shit in Scotland so won't speak for them), and I'm sure there's some grade (what we call "year") differences, but we have primary schools, secondary schools, sometimes middle schools in our compulsory education system.
$C: Yeah no.

Ever heard of the [Sheriff of Nottingham](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sheriff_of_Nottingham)?

He’s the Sheriff of Nottinghamshire, a county in England. The UK most definitely has counties.
$C: > He's probably British. They don't have counties

Uhhhhhhhhhh, yes they do, they're the ones we got the concept from...
$C: >they don’t have counties

lol
$C: Yeah, [not many counties in Great Britain.](http://county-wise.org.uk/counties/)
$C: I imagine it depends on which state you live in. In Florida, public schools are managed by the county. 
$C: Depends on the state. In FL, it's controlled at the county level. 
$C: Really? Every state I’ve lived in has had county by county public school systems.
$C: Depends on how rural the area is. We had three city level elementary schools but only one county level middle school and a county level high school.
$C: Not in Florida. Each school district is on the counties, not individual cities unlike up north
$C: I disagree. In most US states, counties control the school districts outside of larger cities. There are occasionally combined districts as well. Here in NC, counties are most common, cities that have 15k or more population sometimes have their own, and there are some combined districts for the most populated.
$C: I Baltimore it’s separate, the city has its own policies, Baltimore county has its own
$C: I don't know where you got that idea from.  There are tons of county school systems.
$C: In Texas, it's neither county nor city, but "independent school district". [Here's a comparison](https://i.imgur.com/23cIAaK.jpg) of the city of Houston, Harris County, and the Houston Independent School District (HISD). (The text in the HISD image is really tiny, but the map itself is the same scale as the two above it)
$C: Unincorporated areas have school districts spanning multiple municipalities. 
$C: Maybe for major cities. Seattle had the Seattle School District, but Olympia where I grew up was part of the Thurston County School District. 
$C: in Virginia, there's both. there are city schools (policies mandated at city level) and county schools (mandated at county level). in the area where i live, there is one school at each level per city (one elementary, one middle, one high school), but five high schools in my county system, and even more elementary schools.
$C: Rural areas the school district is often same as county
$C: Goes by county in MD. 
$C: In Louisiana it’s school boards operate at the parish level
$C: Districts. 
$C: True for big cities. County level for small cities and below.
$C: I live in a city that is its own county 
$C: I imagine that a lot of your cities are their own county.  That's how it is in most of VA at least.
$C: In my state, the overwhelming majority of school systems are county schools.  There are a few city school systems that were grandfathered in when the state stopped allowing new ones ages ago.  Also, much of my state, at least by area, is unincorporated. 
$C: Imagine what else you don't 'know'.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Cunty County?
$C: On second thought, maybe some of us *do* need homework. 
$C: Ahhhh
$C: Oh, I thought half the states called them something else - like I know Louisiana calls them "parishes".
$C: Ironic
$C: yes, but I was asking the above commenter why many redditors would be confused by someone's use of the word "county".  I know what a county is, I was confused why other people would struggle
$C: Wrong comment thread.
$C: While I agree that homework should not be for credit, that is also a tough one; One college math course I had taken was like this, 90% of the mark was tests and the other 10% was for attendance and participation. I enjoyed this class very much, I understood the material so could spend my free time working on my other classes. However a lot of my classmates did not test well and did poorly in the class.

Bottom line is that everyone learns and performs differently, this makes it hard to have one teaching style versus another.

Edit: I should add that I realize the the conversation was about elementary school and I was talking about college, but I feel it is still relatable.
$C: Fuck, if that were me, it would freak me out. I would rush to finish as much as I can in the time allotted. That sounds like a nightmare for overachievers.
$C: As someone who did great in school, if its not for credit, it doesn't get done. If it counts as completed but not graded, you will get a decent attempt on it.

Learning has to be self motivated on some level, but it is really hard to tell a kid to do mountains of homework and not none of it factors into their grade.
$C: Online homework is definitely stupid. This post is definitely sent from an elementary or middle school, though. So online homework would still be rare.
$C: Usually no. They tend to just use a normal website like any other. Usually the only time they will try and prevent you from leaving it unattended it's higher education or tests. Even then you can get around it. 


$C: Til the kid gets called for dinner and just leaves it open. 

Forcing a timer just doesn't work well. Trusting kids to work only for X minutes is also not super likely to work. The dumb but disappointed in themselves will spend more time. The careless will spend less time and so on. 

That kind of thing can lead to you getting results that say the kid who is really struggling is the best and so on. Even just non timed online homework has all kinds of problems and teachers easily draw the wrong conclusions when it doesn't go to plan. 
$C: Mm they are ghastly. I have a little sister in the equivalent of high school and online homework is just frustrating. Usually they are poorly designed websites that are awful to use. 

Math is awful since most will want to write down the question someplace other then the website and figure it out there then input the answer. That way you can't see working out though so they make you type it up in a shitty formatting mess. 

Essays are also unfortunate and have about 3 formatting options which means it's a nightmare to use when compared to a basic word processor let alone the common word and pages software. 
$C: If their parents go the extra step and do what they are supposed to do and follow the shitter if the teachers.  Instead of just letting them play video games until bed.

I don't have that much faith in many parents.  Schools have taken on more and more because parents just don't do it. I do think parents should be doing more but unfortunately much evidence exists to show many parents take s very hands off approach. Maybe they work two jobs and are single or maybe they don't give a shit. Lots of reasons, good and bad.
$C: Think about all the extra coordination and staff this idea would require. It's not a bad idea but it needs to be fleshed out a lot to be close to realistic. There are a lot of hidden costs and logistical issues that need addressing.
$C: I don't think it is realistic to expect curriculums to be catered that closely to each child. Self study isn't a viable alternative for most students, especially in younger grades. 

There definitely should be more room in gifted programs if there are kids who should be in the classes but are being turned down due to capacity.

I don't know if it is even necessarily a good thing to try to get kids to just plow through an infinite amount of new content. Maybe it is more valuable to get kids to learn to actually accomplish what they are asked to do and then get on with their life. 

I don't know if it is a good idea to set the expectation that everything will be catered exactly to you and that it is ok to not do your work if you don't feel it is catered properly to you. That's not really how the world works.
$C: I heard he’s been known to volunteer 
$C: The 9/11 firefighter?
$C: ~~Detective Conan*~~
$C: ^(is that Spanish for female Satan?)
$C: Are you sure about that? Because I am 99.55466% sure that ElBroet is not a bot.

---

^(I am a neural network being trained to detect spammers | Summon me with !isbot <username> |) ^(/r/spambotdetector |) [^(Optout)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=whynotcollegeboard&subject=!optout&message=!optout) ^(|) [^(Original Github)](https://github.com/SM-Wistful/BotDetection-Algorithm)
$C: And 100% going to jail.
$C: What region? 
$C: Well I'm 12% Sugondese. Any correlation?
$C: That makes the most sense. Though, a bit disappointing. I had really hoped this one was about done. 
$C: Sorry...what's 8x8?  Right now.  Don't get your calculator.   You should KNOW some basic shit.  
$C: No kid goes to school for 8 hours.   Hahahah.  Nice try.  They are lucky if they go to school for 5.  
$C: [deleted]
$C: I played with a friend so it was pretty fun because we kept setting high kill challenges for ourselves. He got 17 in a match.
$C: I actually enjoy the game so I’m fine for now, I’m open to suggestions though. Don’t have to be an asshole for no reason.
$C: I get the feeling you've done this before
$C: Wrong. Drop a shit in the top of the toilet so when they flush, more shit comes out. 

Then shave your pubes in his shower drain. 
$C: Make sure to steal the poop knife so they have no way to get rid of it.
$C: Is this guy an employee or a cat?  
$C: But make sure you hold it in for three months so it's a solid block of shit that physically is unable to flush and will need removal.
$C: In the toilet...amateur. 
$C: Leave him a note of things to do, spook him out so he knows you're snooping around his house. 
$C: phantom shitter, right on the boss' desk
$C: Shit in the water tank, he'll never figure itout
$C: Or a good ol’ upper-decker
$C: Then, just to show them who's boss, give them a surprise hand job while they're laying in bed at night.
$C: In the toilet? Talk about anticlimactic.
$C: Open the back and pee in there, so that when you flush, pee comes out.
$C: Danny?  Is that you? 
$C: Self employed here too and I must say that I was the same, busting my ass 18 hours per day for solid 2 and a half years every day with no breaks. And at one point I noticed that it completely destroyed my social life and was having a serious affect on my health. 

Now I only work to cover bills and necessities or when I want to get something. Spending my free time on self improvement like gym and learning new skills, relaxing to pc games tinkering on the project car and spending the weekend with friends.

My life is so much better for it and as a bonus I no longer hate my job. Sure I could expand the business, hire crew and do more work. But it's not worth the hassle and I'm happy where I am now.
$C: 6 of 8 years killing myself day after day. Getting out too. I have a feeling I could have a beer with you fellas. Assuming you're fellas
$C: Well yeah of course. 
$C: What do you do?
$C: I dunno, my work sent me on an all expenses paid trip to Maui and told me to relax for 8 days straight at the Ritz. I was... Happy for the first time in a decade...

I miss that.
$C: Yeah that still sounds awesome.
$C: Maybe they meant it like "when you do something you love you'll never work a day in your life"
$C: People who say that unironically should be shot 
$C: What show was it, do you remember?
$C: So, you can dig trenches from home?
$C: Nope, line cook. This week I managed to get two days off in a row then got called in the first day. 
$C: Nah I make decent money plus the overtime is a plus. 
$C: banana?
$C: You could always move to France where they work 30 hours a week, take the entire month of August off and oh, pay 50% in taxes. Consider that the last time real annual economic growth in France topped 3 percent was 18 years ago. But ya know, their pastries taste good.
$C: Not everyone has the luxury of 18+ dollars an hour 40 hours a week
$C: sorry your job sucks. you could have probably got a better job if you did your homework
$C: hyperbole much?  saying that having homework (like we've had for decades) turns people into slave laborers working for nickels. that's fucking stupid. 

But lets  try your method:...  Yeah, screw homework. screw working AT ALL. Who needs to work when there is YouTube and video games! And let's all live on the beach! Think of all the "quality of life" we would have if we never did work at all, ever.
$C: > It is stupid of those that work 50 hours a week for a paycheck that's based on 40.

I agree.

>If you're salaried and overtime-exempt, every hour you work over what you were told to expect (and most places say 40h weeks) is a pay cut

who disagrees with that?

>And it is stupid of everyone who gives a shit about growing the economy, because giving people leisure time in which they have the time and energy to go out and spend on non-essentials drives wealth in a capitalist economy.

France has proven you wrong on this point. So has Italy. You can have plenty of leisure time as a society, or you can have productivity. You can't have both. 
$C: Not in school. They often go to night classes just to cram information, meaning that on paper it's the same, but in practice students don't have a minute to spare. Work/life is 100/0.
$C: I honestly can't remember the source so I can't 100% say this is fact and I'm skeptical as fuck about information sources these days, but a year or so ago I did read  that when you take PTO/ government holidays, how many times a corporate worker stays late, etc. into consideration, Americans were the most overworked corporate workers.
$C: Japan is notorious for people working stupidly long hours. People kill themselves because they're overworked. So I don't know what reports you're reading, but they're not the same ones I have.
$C: can i book you for a party? I just know you would kill at a party.
$C: If you're working 40 hours a week and don't have the work-life balance of a 40h/wk worker in Western Europe, the problem is probably not capitalism.
$C: But that's not capitalism that creates that problem... *corporatism*, whereby corporations buy and sell lawmakers and instill in office those representatives that they funded for election to pass laws in their favor and drive out competition.

There are lots of capitalist nations that have healthy work/life balances with strong worker's rights. Look at the Scandinavian countries. They're very socialist in their application of capitalism.

But it's not capitalism itself that creates unfavorable lower class conditions. Capitalism has cut the number of people living below the poverty line in half in 30 years.

But *corporatism* is squeezing the shit out of the lower and borderline non-existent middle class here in the states.
$C: Do you have any statistics on how many Americans work 40 hours a week, and how many work more than that? And for the latter group, how many do it out of necessity? You seem to be suggesting overtime is the norm; or just focusing on them specifically, in which case we've shifted to a whole other topic.
$C: It doesn't matter where it comes from, what matters is his statement. 

>Being a capitalist doesn't preclude you from having a healthy work/life balance.

Is not an incorrect statement.
$C: [deleted]
$C: You understand you can have a socialist application of capitalism, right? You understand the Scandinavian countries are capitalist as well, right?

You're conflating laissez faire capitalism with capitalism in general and you're specifically railing against corporatism, not capitalism... which I will also rail against.

But your issues aren't with capitalism. You're issues as with corporatism.

How we solve those issues, you and I probably wouldn't agree. But I will absolutely agree with you that corporatism is a scourge. So long as it's labeled properly as the monster it is (corporatism) and not capitalism being attacked incorrectly, albeit well meaningly.
$C: Work/life balance is an inherently capitalist idea. The very opposition of free vs. working time makes it abundantly clear that our society views work as something unfree, where your time and energy are dedicated to goals that are not your own, doing work to produce works that in the end are not *your works*, but those of the capitalist who siphons off the excess value of your work. The socialist goal is to get rid of the work/life distinction so one can be at home in their work and identify with it not only use it as a means to get a wage which may or may not be livable. Thinking of work as something separate from your life leads to alienation as on cannot construct a stable identity.
As for the 40 hour work week: it was the reaction of capitalist economies at the turn of the 19th century to rising pressure from different socialist and communist parties. Western Europe feared a communist revolutions so they had to do something to please the workers. Plus free time is time people can use for spending money which is profitable and heightens demand, making it a very useful for capitalism indeed.
Now both systems have their own problems and I don't want to get into a debate about the feasibility of socialism, I just wanted to clear things up a bit. Hope I did.
$C: No, it's literally just that. Private ownership of means of production, rather than public or government.

Now there's a huge variation in capitalism of amount and extent of social programs, market regulation, redistribution of wealth, and business oversight, but capitalism just means private ownership of the means of trade, industry, and production vs public, monarchical, oligarchical, or government ownership. That's it.
$C: I'm upper middle class salaried, but my job still requires me to be accessible in case of emergencies. Luckily my boss heavily values work-life balance, so if that ever happens it's ok for us to leave early or come in late to compensate.
$C: if your boss is going to fire you for not immediately picking up the phone when you're not at work, I'd recommend you start looking for a new job right now.
$C: Yeah, I still have nightmares about it and I'm out of any kind of classrooms for more than a decade.

I actually dislike any kind of learning that involves a classroom nowadays, probably quite related to this kind of stress :/
$C: Me irl. Prelaw and reading like a madman before lectures.  On the plus side I read like a zillion wpm now
$C: Writing papers on phones in class truly revolutionized the cramming game. Although in my defense I usually spent some time during the assignment period "writing" the paper in my head, or at least thinking of an outline. By the time the hour before due rolled around it was just putting those ideas on paper 
$C: In many classes we would go through the answers to homework person by person, in order. So I would only do the problems that I knew I would have to answer out loud, and then copy down the other answers as they were given. Either we had to hand it in for a 0 = not done, or a 100=done type grade, and I always got 100. If it was a really difficult problem I couldn't solve on the fly, I'd just blatantly give the wrong answer as if I had thought it out, so the teacher wouldn't know I didn't do it. Sometimes if that happened we'd go through the correct answer and you'd have to do the next one as well, which was probably a bit easier. I nearly never got caught using this strategy. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: I think I skipped a step, I'm in my 20's and already lonely and depressed.
$C: Hey! Same boat. Except not depressed. Was very in my 20's. Its very hard to meet people in your 30's if you arent willing to put yourself out there.  I used a site called [meetup.com](https://meetup.com) and went search for things like board game nights or local hobby shops that had Friday Night Magic (Used to play MTG as a kid so every so often I pay $20 and go fuck around n try to win a magic tourney with strangers). 

I know you are lonely but dont focus on meeting women or getting a girlfriend. Focus on just getting out the house and doing something fun. Once you start to do that you'll find you've started to build a group of friends who do the things you like to do also and those groups will naturally include women be they group memebrs or sisters of members or friends of theirs or whatever. Thats how you'll get back in the game. Till then just go have fun at least once a week.

&#x200B;

I know its hard to leave the house when you can just stay in and play videogames and eat ice cream but even just once night a week of social interaction with peers is going to make a huge difference in how you feel about yourself and that is going to make you more outgoing.

&#x200B;

Ok this way long. Haha goodluck plz dont be murderer/rapist that ive just encouraged to get out the house (\*crosses fingers\*)
$C: Not sure if "fuck all" in your post means playing World of Warcraft but if it does, then that was me from my senior year of high school through graduating college. I had 10,000+ hours played. My life was classes, WoW, work, and not much else.

I transitioned to a more balanced life since then.
$C: Hello are you me on an alt account? That sounds way too accurate for me. 
$C: are you me
$C: I’d say you are right. In my case I got a job as a programmer when I was ending high school, only making 20 bucks an hour or so but got majorly lucky thorough a combination of family connection and hard work. When I was halfway through college my wife and I became pregnant and it was so important to me to get a better job soon that i killed myself for a few years. It sucked TBH. Leaving at 7 everyday and getting home from doing my homework at the library at 10-12 every night was awful. But some of my best memories were holding my little newborn while watching west wing DVD’s on a little 13 inch TV for an hour before bed. Watching my wife and kiddo safe with a roof over their head and food+medical care was a luxury few 21 year olds would have (honestly finishing college was a luxury too). So just get pregnant and motivated I guess?!  Seriously though it would have been FAR easier at 20 hours per week. 
$C: I loved 1.5 hour classes.  They barely felt longer than a 1 hour class, but you only had to go twice a week.  
$C: My favorite semester was for my first UG and I had 4- 3 hour lectures on Tuesdays. I took two more classes online (which online is *soooo* great). You can power through really quickly.

I loved it. 6 days off. I'd spend Wednesdays doing all of my work. (Unless an exam was coming up)

Then I'd have every nfl and ncaa game off, I'd be able to go booze during the busy weekend nights, never had Monday scaries after a SundayFunday gone too long, and allowed me to work plenty to support my hobbies.

I will say though some Tuesdays, especially exam days... Apparently I just enjoy punching myself right in the giggly bits.
$C: I had a 6 hour monday/Wednesday class last summer. That was fucking brutal.
$C: I'm already there. The little bit of extra time didn't matter much. But my 3 hour night class did drag for sure. Though still worth having the 5 day weekend. Had classes from like 9-11, and 2-3ish each day, with the 6 to 9 night class on Tuesday. 
$C: Ya. Maybe I should have been OK with a 6 day weekend and took an extra math class... Or Thursday counts as my weekend 

 ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
$C: Yeah that’s very common in my neck of the woods.
$C: yeah my commute to school during middle school-high school was about an hour each way. sometimes two if there was some crazy shit going on like a strike or protest or demonstration (which was frequently)
$C: My school started at 7:45 and got out at 3:15 and plenty of the bus rides could get into the hour or hour and a half range and they arrived to school at 7:15.
$C: In the ghetto the bus routes are longer and the buses are more filled.
$C: Well if I'm understanding you correctly you had at least 5 classes that were 2 hours and 20 minutes each not including lunch or pe/ health. So either you were in school for 15 hours a day or you need to explain this better.  I'm sure different states do things differently, my reference was nyc so it might be unique to cities.
$C: > This is the main reason I never did any homework (except for programming) in high school. It was a form of punishment, not teaching.

That is patently untrue.  Learning math is a process of conceptual learning followed be repetition.  It isn't punishment to do that repetition at home.

Same with any other class that requires reading (history, science, english, literature, etc).  Are students supposed to just spend all day in class reading quietly to themselves?  No, you should read the material at home, and then have discussion/lecture with your teacher.
$C: Feels really great to see the government treating its veterans like shit as per usual. :/
$C: Thats terrible. I think the 6 hour day, with hmwk is fine, but if they're keeping you 8 hours, its tough to have to go home and do more work, especially if you had an afterschool job. 
$C: damn that sucks. Mine was 8-3 for freshman, 8-2 for everyone else.
$C: Dang high school has changed since 10 years ago. If you're there for 8 hours then yeah don't bring that home with you. 
$C: Fuck yeah recess, and 2 "study hall" periods my senior year when I tested out of a couple classes. 
$C: I worked after school, and then had about 2 hrs of homework without any papers. College was so much better. Professional school can suck a dick though. 
$C: Yeah small private school. It was the same hours as the public school 10 minutes away. I vaguely recall my brother complaining he was in school longer than I was when he got to highschool so it may have changed? 
$C: We had breaks between classes. One class ended and I think we had 10 min. Before the next began. Was mostly time to get from class to class.
$C: I'm sorry, I should have phrased that better. I was in grad school and I was teaching undergraduates. I told them all of those things realizing they have to learn "how to college" (no one comes in knowing, that's perfectly expected) but the number of times any of these things had to be said was...worrisome. 
$C: Yes and no. In general you will get more out of your people / soft skills than your technical / trade skills and time at work. 

Particularly if the company you are employed at doesn't fully understand the job. The guy working 10-12 hours might get a promotion / raise if he asks, but it's also *very* possible they will just treat it like "hey, why pay him more when he's willing to work more already?". Whereas the person putting in 8 hour days, they might know to ask and get the same promotion / raise based on time in job or hop jobs and make like 50% to 100% more than they make now. Those things happen. 

Also, a company letting someone work 10-12 hours a day has bad management. From the company's perspective, there are diminishing returns on time spent working on something in one day. From the employee's perspective, they are being shitty to them by letting them work at what is a lower pay rate than the other person. That's 50% more hours for the same pay, which comes out to a lower rate, if salaried. 
$C: Sounds like the lady is getting rewarded by actually living her life. Not everything is about climbing the career ladder
$C: Your last two sentences are like a physics problem. It only works on a frictionless plane in a vaccuum.
$C: Lol people downvoting you because mentioned hardwork gets rewarded.
$C: It doesn't necessarily mean your high up. Not bottom rung sure, but you don't have to be high up.
$C: Ah gotcha.

The thread this convo is in is about a parent with a child in a school division that has zero homework from kindergarten all the way to high school inclusive though.
$C: He’s not insulting you. Some people are happy with just working 9-5 for their entire life and living in a comfortable cheap home with little wealth. You don’t have to be rich to be comfortable, so long as you don’t expect to buy expensive things.
$C: I agree with your points about not having to go to uni/college/trade school, but getting rid of homework altogether and expecting kids to adapt suddenly after is not the greatest way of going about it. 
$C: In the context of the thread OP, homework = any work done outside of the classroom. That’s what I got from it based on what OP wrote and the edit he/she added. Students work hard at school, and free to experience life after without any work to worry about.
$C: To add a different opinion to this, I was forced to do homework during elementary school and high school by my parents, then I got to college and slacked off like no ones business.  High school simply doesn't prepare a person for College, period.  They're simply not equatable.  One you're required to go to, while under the same roof of your parents, the other you choose to go to and are usually out on your own for the first time (even if you're lucky enough to have your parents pay for a lot of it).   
$C: You seem to forget that a lot of additional learning comes from homework. Why not extend your argument to college, that homework /= academic success? I doubt a college with no homework whatsoever would sit well with anybody, because the learning done in the lecture hall is a tiny portion of the actual learning that occurs.

&#x200B;

And for a subject like math, how are you supposed to properly learn without doing lots of practice problems? A much easier solution to the "too much homework" problem is to make the homework worth very little for the grade, or nothing at all (which a lot of courses do). If you want to succeed, you have to do homework anyway. 
$C: There's not enough time in class to get full practice don't lie to yourself. 
$C: Maybe you would have cured cancer or flew a rocket to Europa if you did your homework.
$C: The compromise imo is what a lot of colleges courses do, not making the homework worth anything grade-wise, and having it optional. That way, the student can do however much practice they want to make sure the understand the topic on their own volition. 
$C: Yeah, no, "giving a shit about your future" isn't something they teach in school.  Unless they rewarded students who got a 4.0 GPA with a blowjob from Shirley Manson, I was never ever going to learn those skills at 14.

EDIT:  If you're using google to fact-check this reference, do make sure to put the word "90s" after Shirley Manson.
$C: 150/100%? Should have done your homework. 
$C: Oh most definitely. But that should be done in elementary or middle school. By high school you should be able to write a research paper by yourself.
$C: This isn't true for everyone. Some people really excel with lectures, especially past the elementary school level. A mixed approach is probably best.
$C: No, they didn't suck. I went up to Calculus 2 in high school, and in higher math, it is impossible for the instructor to demonstrate the full breadth of problems you are expected to solve in one class period. In class you learn the concepts and see one or two examples, at home you're expected to practice so you can apply those concepts to any relevant problems, not just those shown in class. 

Perhaps you didn't take any higher math, but it's not all just theorems and rote memorization. It requires you to cultivate problem-solving skills that cannot be taught by watching your teacher talk about theory or work a few examples in class. I don't think I ever did any memorization outside of school in those classes.
$C: I didn't make it clear enough that I was talking about lower grades, and that higher grades were different.  So no, as it is accurate about the specific group I was talking about I don't think it was overly filtered poorly expressed though.

I'm actually "qualified" to teach grades 1 to 12, though anyone who hired me for high school math would be making a big mistake.  I'm an inclusive education specialist.
$C: not everyone learns the same way.  if you need to do lots of repitions then do so.  the point is most people dont so giving everyone an hour of busy work a night is wasting their time.
$C: Are you referring to people like me or the person I replied to?
$C: In my town, elementary school is K-3, middle school is 4-6, junior high is 7&8, and high school is 9-12.
$C: You are right. I was also able to get A's in classes where I had to study. Even in classes that were a breeze, I took good notes. I had a good foundation from high school and was able to pick up the things during class. I asked questions. I would say homework can definitely teach you how to study. How exactly would you say a school should teach kids how to study?
$C: > But sitting down and cranking out fixed work without supervision isn't studying. 

You are right - thats why I said "fixed work or questions".  Problem sets, essays etc that are normally assigned in university is not studying.
$C: [deleted]
$C: IMO, high school has to be more structured than college because 14 and 15 year olds lack time management skills. Some of the brighter kids can manage on their own, but for the average student, if you aren't doling the work out in small daily chunks for them, you are setting them up for failure. They will procrastinate, try to cram everything the night before the exam and then not learn much/perform poorly on the exam.

Honestly, even a lot of 22 year olds in college struggle with this, let alone the 14 and 15 year olds in high school.
$C: That makes sense. Thank you!
$C: Well it is pretty easy to tell if you do not get the concepts, or is think you would.
$C: one of
$C: Ill give you reddit gold to fix that.

!remindme 48 hours
$C: I like this person^^^
$C: This comment doesn’t have enough upvotes
$C: Gold
$C: He's
$C: I live to enable my own laziness through creativity and hard work.
$C: -Bill Gates, right?
$C: Seen it many timea
$C: I once had to get Titles, Authors, ISBN, etc. for about 1000 books in an incomplete database by using amazon to get the rest of the book info. I could have done it in a day.

Instead, I spent 4 days writing a python script which moved my mouse and sent keyboard inputs to go fetch the data using Amazon Web Services and then format it and output it to an online database.

Took much longer but was much more fun and was fun to watch run, but only did it because I was lazy.
$C: F
$C: Hello brethren!

I sure love a life where I get a choice of being able to start something, being able to finish it or neither!
$C: Don't forget willpower
$C: Not even for a million dollars? You know I had a million dollar idea once...
$C: This sounds awful. Get a terrible battery.
$C: I appreciate that, my last school kids were like rush rush rush through each topic, at my current school we can take it slow and do what we like.
$C: Ain't that the truth!

My eldest just started high school.

He's been told to expect 1+ hours of homework per class. He's got 5 classes that give homework. 

So, school from 8 till 3. 5 hours of homework puts it till 8.

We're on day #3, and I'm already complaining to the school.

Teens need extra sleep. Asking them to put in what is like a 60 hour work week is unfair. 

We wouldn't ask an adult to put in those kind of hours for 4 years straight.  Doing this to our children seems borderline abusive.
$C: I went to a college prep high school and teachers had to compromise with each other over what amounts of homework they each assigned on specific days so as to not overwhelm the students. Which ended up happening anyway. My high school experience was way more difficult and strenuous than college.
$C: And honors classes just assign more. 
$C: Yes but what drives me bananas is the huge problem sets that have the kids doing the same problem with different numbers over and over. If they undertand it after 5 examples, doing 25 is just busywork.
$C: But math isn't as important anymore. We're finding out it's sort of problematic, actually. 
$C: college doesn't keep you in a room/rooms from 7:30 to 3:30. You spend 3 hrs a week in lecture per class. generally taking 5-6 classes. leaving you at least 15 hrs to do homework.
$C: I didn't take notes, do outlines, or show work. I did my homework, but I stuck by the first three rules and graduated with mostly B's. Same mentality. Why write what can be done in my head? Why take notes for things I should be effectively retaining?
$C: essays are the hecken easiest if you know what you need to say. Intro to first point, make point, segway to next point rinse repeat till end then you conclude.
$C: me too.  by october or so?  i forget now you are already accepted to college.  as long as you dont fail it doesnt matter.  i think i averaged an absense a week.  i gave 0 fucks
$C: I can proudly say I didn't do a single homework assignment at home my entire 4 years of high school. I just had a complete mental block about it. The only reason I passed was because I was good at taking tests, and there were teachers that didn't assign homework.
$C: I love projects. The fun ones at least. My favorite was a video report in high school for The Great Gatsby where we just reenacted most of the scenes from the book. I stayed up until like 3 or 4 editing the whole thing the night before, adding in my own music and creating a fun blooper reel, and came up with something over 20 minutes of video at the end. We did the whole thing Birdemic-style, where we basically filmed each line separately. This was because we only had the one camera and I wanted multiple angles. Funny thing is, I didn't even see Birdemic til my Junior year in college, and I immediately thought back to my high school project.
$C: I’m the first type of student and now I’m worried a bit. 
$C: Yeah, I agree. After all, you are paying large sums of money to acquire that education (also likely for room and board), so it stands to reason you should want to put in a higher level of work outside of class than you did in high school.

I get that doesn't always feel that way though.
$C: The shit? I think the max you can take at mine is like 18.
$C: Depends on the student in high school.  The teachers are given students of all levels of quality; thus a ½ hour assignment for one could be 5 minutes for another or an hour for yet another. In college, everyone is much closer to the same level.  Some are better than others but not by huge gaps. 
$C: I have heard a professor say it never seen it implemented. I think its just an old rule of thumb but most likely they are rounding up .5 hr to 1.
$C: Not sure what majors you guys were in but I damn well had many hours of homework a night.  But more like 1 hour per class; 2 if there was a special assignment. 
$C: That's always been my take on it, if I'm choosing a career path where I know higher math skills are needing like an engineering degree then obv taking more math is a plus. Bit 95% of other jobs are either not going to use them, or just have them as a stepping stone to something else in which case it should be taught as part of the degree path someone elects into. 
$C: Weird because the work is more important than the answer for most of the professors I’ve had.  I’m guessing the major matters a lot.
$C: Then why tell kids to do that much if they know they’re not going to do it? You either end up with kids getting burned out or kids refusing to do anything.
$C: I dunno, I've never heard of any school starting that early. 

8:30am to 3pm was what we had. With 15mins break in morning and afternoon, and an hour for lunch. 
$C: Look at that comment history. It paints almost a perfect picture of how sad he is. Odds are that 100k salary is all he has to keep him going. 
$C: Fuck ya it does. 
$C: Posted it on r/copypasta
$C: Dude is an immigrant didn’t go to Canadian schools
$C: Seriously, India and China combined have 2.7-2.8 *billion* people, to say nothing of the rest of mainland Asia. Each one of those countries *alone* have more people than the US and Europe combined, and they're on track to keep growing. . .especially India. *No shit* they've been starting to dominate the skilled job markets in terms of sheer numbers.
$C: I always said the same shit, most of my teachers liked me but they would get annoyed and say why not do the homework if its so easy. well its because its a waste of my time and Im fine getting a B in your class if I never have to do homework
$C: You are me. I've always been an excellent test taker and hated homework. Then they started having homework be a higher weighted percentage of your final grade. Sigh.
$C: Same here. For a biology class I took my senior year my teacher hated it at first.. I turned in just enough to pass! At the end of the year the whole class took the official test for the textbook, including my teacher... I got 6 percent higher than him but I had a C in the class.


When I got my report card I had an A. 
$C: I connect with this on a spiritual level. 
$C: Ditto. When I was in school homework was typically only 10% of your final grade.I did what homework I could in free time in classes or on the bus. The only school work I did at home was projects. 
$C: Same, except I slept all day at school, aced every class and eventually most of my teachers told me that if I ace the finals they will drop the homework grades off. Suffice to say I destroyed all of the finals, but never did any homework.
$C: yes that would have been a big deal then so she should be!
$C: We had two minutes. It was totally ridiculous. But hey, they pushed it up to five minutes for me after I came back from my spinal surgery.
$C: I thought 5 minutes was bad!?! 2 minutes no way
$C: Whaaaat?!?! Who can get anywhere in 2 minutes? I'm sorry your high school was run by Satan.
$C: In my school we had to make the Kessel run in under 11 parsecs 
$C: PCEP?
$C: Those poor kids. We had block scheduling with only three classes per days, so maybe that helped. 
$C: It wasn’t the teachers necessarily, they were nice, very eccentric, but strict. My school didn’t allow kids to take just one “gifted” class. You were put in a class with 30 others and taught by the same 3 teachers all day for all 3 years.

I have a lot to say on the subject. I keep typing this out and it keeps getting longer, so I’m just going to give you an example. Our English teacher made us memorize every preposition in the English language in alphabetical order. We recited it together every morning for a couple months in a sort of sing song manner. This wasn’t part of the school’s curriculum. It was “just for fun.”

3 years. That was my life for 3 years. 
$C: Close, graduated this year. 
$C: Wow thats awesome
$C: Not everyone has time to sit down and do that with their kids or a parent who's willing to do that. My kids never did any kind of homework aside from writing practice and it was still a ton of fun to teach them things. If you're an involved parent then your kid is going to learn regardless, this just gives a break to kids who aren't as privileged.
$C: Are you a dog pretending to reddit?

Edit: added you
$C: At higher levels, it's simply independent practice. I teach Physics and you bet your ass that kids need to get comfortable with variables and equations and using their calculators and all that, and frankly with 45 minutes in a period we do not have the time to do that every single day. It's very clear the difference between students that spend some time doing homework (even if they don't do all of it!) and the students that *only* do Physics in class.

I think I made it clear, but I don't believe homework should be given to kids basically before puberty. I think at the high school level it is appropriate, however, because there *are* things to be gained from independent practice.
$C: Homework might help with the skills necessary at university, where you are no longer spoon fed in a classroom and have a lot of time to yourself along with a lot of work to fill it. However, I agree that elementary and middle school kids are too young for that, and a homework policy like "finish what you didn't in class" is better because it teaches the value of a work ethic: work hard during work time to give yourself more free time.
$C: That's exactly what I'm saying.
$C: You're absolutely correct! My point was more that *young* kids don't have the mental processing skills to even *understand* what homework is trying to do. Not that kids can't do it- I think they are perfectly capable- but they have so much room to develop mentally that I don't think homework is where I want their focus to be.

I could be wrong- I don't teach young kids, and I don't have any of my own. But I think kids deserve their childhoods and homework is an antithesis to that. If that makes any sense...
$C: Either you don’t teach at public schools or you’re overestimating your kids interests in doing more of the same stuff at home they just did all day lol. 
$C: Punishment at school and home is quite a motivator. Does it give the kid a positive outlook on life? Probably not. 
$C: The thing is some teachers largely overestimate some kids. I used to heavily procrastinate on my work, my essays and so on. Yet my English teacher always commended me for being a good student who gets her work done. Oh if only she knew. 
$C: I think a lot more of your students do that then you think. My homework was always neat, organized, dated the day after it was assigned, and promptly completed 2 periods before.
$C: I didn’t think I needed to actually say it was hyperbole with the 99% number >.>
$C: If I got a good grade in the class my parents couldn’t care less whether I did my homework or not. I got mostly straight As without doing it, hence why I didn’t like doing it lol. 

Obviously though, if a class had 40% of the final grade be homework I had to do enough to get an A. I didn’t just declare I would never do homework again or anything.
$C: This is one reason why I hated math so much. 

Dad eventually had to stare at it and relearn it cause he last did it in the 70s 

Mom would lose her temper, mock me, and make me do **more** math problems if I wasn't living up to her standards. All while going "You should love this!" 
$C: Are you talking about 40 minutes of exposition? Because that's not a way to keep students engaged, and doesn't help students learn. The teacher does *most* of their teaching whilst the students are working, responding to individual needs and evaluating how the class is progressing and giving feedback accordingly. The standing at the front giving instruction is the easy bit.
$C: Well, you usually have those 45mins a few times a week. You can spend 90 doing lessons and 45 doing the practicum
$C: I don’t think the log is going to change how much people read at home : /  Parents might initial but that doesn’t mean any reading actually happened.  

I had a teacher that would do mini interviews where we just had to spend a few minutes telling her about a book we logged occasionally.  Our parents had nothing to do with the log and we knew we could be put on the spot so we shouldn’t put stuff on we didn’t read.  I believe this was 4th grade.  Sometimes room helpers would do the mini interviews too.  It wasn’t anything super structured, you would tell them about the book, or they would ask questions if you have trouble summarizing.  I def lied about reading a book once and she called me out and I didn’t do that again.  We also wrote summaries sometimes or shared in small groups what we were reading.  We could even present to the class if we wanted to, again informal, just tell everyone why you recommend the book.  

Reading was a huge focus in my elementary school, so many of the teachers did similar activities.  There was a lot of positivity around reading and it really did just become a culture.  In K-2 they made a caterpillar around the whole school that was constructed of paper circles cut out of construction paper.  You got a circle for each book you read.  Classes competed, we tried to beat the last year, fill the hallways, whatever, we loved it.  There was a whole pep rally at the end of the year for it.  Books could be read with parents at home but it was on us to demonstrate we’d read it, even at that age.  
$C: The answer, sadly, is that real success comes from working harder AND smarter.

Just not when you're 6.
$C: This whole thread is about rethinking conventional wisdom which is not supported by evidence so no I don’t think I should automatically assume you have solid evidence backing up this belief.

Reading is an important skill but once that skill is learned it simply becomes another way to consume media.  A lot of people and educators seem to think consuming media via reading  is intrinsically good whereas consuming media via other methods is not.  I have not seen evidence to substantiate this.
$C: Tru. Tru. 
$C: Did you know: I've liked you since the day I started watching you sleep!
$C: Thank you for your continued interest in creepy facts!

Did you know: A little vaseline around the seals of your '98 Camry's trunk will keep in any suspicious odours!
$C: Did you know: A 3000% tip will stop a mechanic from asking questions about how you broke your '98 Camry's suspension!
$C: ...I love you.
$C: Depends how much you value the upholstery.
$C: To be fair, I gave you a good price!
$C: Happy Cake Day! :D
$C: Well, at least school won't last forever, right? I'm good! Taking it day by day.
$C: Yeah I mean I have a STEM degree and I've seen some questions on my little nieces homework that just make me go "lol wut". Most of the time it has to do with terribly formatted questions. Elementary teachers are not the best and brightest bulbs.
$C: 691
$C: If she's 6 and knows she would rather live with you even though you're the homework parent... You already *have* done something for her. A lot, I would imagine.
$C: Mind if I ask why she can't live with you? I have a baby on the way with my ex and she is saying the same thing; "you'll never have this baby" and I know I would be the more stable parent for the kid to be with.
$C: You can continue to be there for her. In the long run it will matter. I have the opposite issue my kids only go there on break so it is only fun time . My house has rules and structure all the boring important crap. I know I am doing the right thing but it feels like a dagger to the heart when they tell me they want to live with their dad. 
$C: Feel you dude,  Going through almost exact situation with my 8 year old.  
$C: It's a shitty situation, but this too shall pass.
$C: I'd be inclined to say it's the latter. But keep being you dude. Sounds like you are doing a good job.
$C: Normally, at least as I've grown up with it, we don't call the summer break between grades a "holiday". That's summer break. If you go on a vacation it can be called a holiday depending on your country though.

Edit: just realized OP is from the UK and his holiday *did* mean the summer break/vacation. I guess what I said is correct for the US, but OP actually did mean the entirety of summer.
$C: What the fuck. Do you live in one of those high pressure east coast type places?
$C: so you're lying then
$C: The word recluse comes to mind. 
$C: Lol. Yeah that’s it. 
$C: Or they’re just weird.
$C: Me too. 
$C: Not the original commenter, but it was quite clearly sarcasm.
$C: If that's true then why even have public schools at all?

Additionally, kids are a long term commitment and school has been 5 days a week for decades.  So that assumption probably factored into peoples' plans, and to change it now because Boomers had *their* kids taken care of already... well it's kind of BS.  Social contract, you know.
$C: I'm not OP. Have a nice night. 
$C: I don’t have to back up anything. This isn’t a scientific journal. Believe me or don’t. Google the story or don’t. I don’t care. 
$C: [NEXT JOKE ORIGIN](https://www.reddit.com/r/ChoosingBeggars/comments/7kr5as/i_need_a_free_100mile_bus_trip_for_20_people_and/)
$C: I think the point is the daycare is only one day a week, the other 4 are regular school. So it would cost $120-150 per month depending on the month because the kids only have to go to daycare one day a week.
$C: >Recent proof: a school district in the US just went to four days a week and the parents panicked with outrage. **The district offers a day of day care for 30 dollars a day now for all ages.**
$C: The school cut their school week down to 4 days a week. After parent outcry, the school offered daycare on that 5th day for 30 dollars a day. You misread the above comments. 
$C: I thought the point was that normally 5 days of school was similar to 5 days of day care.

And when the school district reduced it to 4 days of school, there's now an open day where a child is unsupervised, hence the 1 day a week.
$C: Hey, that's ok,. I understand. It sounds infuriating. Assumtion of character. To assume makes an 'ass' out of 'u' and 'me'.  People sometimes can just say the most insulting things out of either, ignorance or some preconceived notion. It's your job to enlighten them I'm afraid,  for all your fellow home schoolers...........your 'homie' schoolers if you will :)
$C: I disagree, homework isn't useless. Homework should be practice to help you learn the material, and you can't learn subjects like math or physics without practicing by working out problems. Most kids don't have the self-motivation to do practice problems by themselves if they aren't worth a grade so assigning some practice material for a homework grade is just added incentive. I would agree that *excessive* homework can be detrimental, but saying all homework is useless is a bad argument.
$C: It sounds like you developed a system of balancing out not doing work  on time and aceing test scores to even out your grades so it wouldn't reflect you not turning in things on time, which puts you above pretty much anyone else that never did homework.
$C: There will always be that student that doesn't need to study or do homework and will do well on assessments. You are one of them and I'm on a similar boat. I think you have to understand the overwhelming majority of students can't do that and need the support and reinforcement of studying/homework to succeed. There will always be exceptions but we have to think about what we should be doing to reach the larger majority of students. Taking away the homework or studying component just fucks it all up for these kids that need it.
$C: Yeah that was probably the teachers intent with this rule. I'm not judging you at all I was just asking a question. But to say that you weren't cheating is just a lie. You just admitted that you didn't complete the homework but made your teacher believe that you did. That is called cheating. Probably justified in your case, but still cheating.
$C: That's my point. I understand why top universities do it, but I'm just frustrated overall with it. 

You basically need top grades and stats to be considered at US universities. The problem is that our grades and tests have no context. From what I understand, it's a lot harder to get straight A* in the UK (or whatever the top grade in A-levels is) than it is to get straight As in the US. Also, the SAT/ACT fail to differentiate top students as the subject matter is pretty simple. Compare that to the Gaokao in China and it's nothing. 

Now, I don't know that there's any way to fix it. I wouldn't exactly say a 9-hour megatest for admissions would be positive, but it's a very different culture. 

So yeah, I agree with you. Top universities here have no choice, because there are otherwise too many qualified applicants. Quite frankly, I'm really lucky to be here in the US. International applicants have it a lot worse when it comes to admission here, and their educations are commonly more stressful academically. It's just a little frustrating to try to compete with all these amazing people, and it makes one feel a little helpless. 
$C: You got on a bus at 6:30 am and got home by 2:45 pm. So what you're saying is that your school's hours were very similar to what I said... It sounds like your school just started earlier and ended earlier but amounted to about 7 hours.

Sitting on a bus is outside of school hours. Attending a club or a participating in sports are outside of school hours. Your commute and extracurriculars are not part of how long the school day is. That's not to say that they don't matter! 

3 hours of homework a day is too much for the vast majority of children, even at the high school level. Your school was going overboard. In my opinion participating in clubs and sports every single day in high school is also too much, unless it's the kid's preferred form of entertainment, and in that case, those hours can't be called "having no free time," those activities are what you choose to do with your free time.
$C: > I don't know what crazy place you live in, but when I where to high school no one in the district had a "free" period except a few special cases. 

Every time the topic of school is brought up and a general statement is made, people pounce on them with "well at *my* school..." Your school is not representative of the nation as a whole, and obviously there are exceptions. But my statement stands.

I am a teacher, I keep abreast of research and participate in conferences, meetings and professional development with teachers from around the nation multiple times a year, I have friends and family teaching in States spanning from California to Main, and Texas to Indiana. I'm fairly certain I have a better idea of the state of education in the country, in general, than you do, and I know for a fact that the large majority of schools have roughly 7-hour days, and typically start at about 8:00 AM. Minor variations are common; large discrepancies are not common (but they do exist). Free periods are also fairly common, and districts without free periods often have study halls or shorter days in their place. Once again, there are exceptions. 

>7 hours at school is a lot for a kid. They don't need several extra hours of busy work afterward.

7 hours is totally fine for most students. Busy work for homework is *never* ok, there should be zero hours of that. Good homework is not busy work. "Several extra hours" of homework of any kind on a daily basis is absolute insanity and I think describes relatively few people these days. A typical amount of homework for a high school student seems to be 1-2 hours per day on average (depending on the school and the student), and is rarely more except for students taking many advanced classes. Some schools and some teachers are crazy and overload their students with homework, and some insist on assigning busy work, and those teachers/schools are wrong and destructive and a problem. Those schools/administration usually conflate "a lot of work" with "rigorous," even though they're not at all synonymous.

IMO I think that homework is important at the high school level to reinforce key ideas, concepts, and skills. But I think the most important aspect of homework in high school is to teach kids how to learn independently, and get them used to working outside of class. Someone who goes to college or has to learn something for work on their own who never had (good) homework throughout high school is going to struggle hard. 
$C: I too would like to point out that if homework is 'busywork' then it shouldn't be assigned. if it's practicing topics covered in class to reinforce and practice new material and or review then it isn't busywork. 
$C: No, the [average start time](https://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/preview/mmwrhtml/mm6430a1.htm) for schools in the United States is 8:03 AM. The [average school day length](https://nces.ed.gov/surveys/pss/tables/table_2004_06.asp) is a little less than 7 hours. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: Sorry I meant strictly doctoral programs. Mine was if you get more than 2 c's you are kicked out no excetions.
$C: right. what med school accepts this hypothetical student with a 2.0 GPA?
$C: Except you have to get into a competitive program first which is based on where you rank. Who would you prefer to be consulting you? Also to be fair if you are a surgeon you are also a doctor just with a specialization. 
$C: Lol no I'm third-year, the course is just badly structured - I'm far from the only person failing it (pass/fail final)
Not the first course with terrible instruction, just the first one that also had a punishing exam.
$C: No, I am saying nothing in his post makes any point about the efficacy of homework.....which it doesn't.  

I didn't make a judgement one way or the other.  Maybe you should do some reading comprehension homework.  
$C: Ok so you agree with homework as an idea but that its often utilized in a poor way? Education in the us in general is structured around knowing facts and putting them on stardardized tests for funding, so it stands to reason trying to make you remember facts in every possible way is what they do. I never felt compelled to research anything further in school because I was over it all after my 9 or 10 hour day 5 days a week for over a decade. Infact one year of my highschool I did as a more independent study my school tried out. I had nearly no homework, my grades improved and I spent some of that free time actually writing. Next year I went back to normal classes my grades dropped and i never finished my novel. Its anecdotal sure, but Ive lived it I was happier, less stressed, and retained so much more. Admittedly I do suck at math though, so I do think you are on the money there.
$C: Well my parents arent anything special at any subject, but I excelled at chemistry and life sciences. Its not my parents fault im bad at math, its my 9th and 10th grade algebra and geometry teachers fault if anyone. 9th grade she worked me to the point of not caring anymore and 10th grade he creeped me the fuck out so i avoided talking to him. (Turns out hes in jail now for sleeping with a student.)
$C: I was pushed too hard as a freshman and scared of my sophomore teacher. Math is def something you can practice at, english to a point as well and those subjects I dont have a problem with some after class work. My issue is with subjects where there isnt anything to be practiced like history and biology, at that point it is beating a dead horse at the students own time which is taking away time for other subjects and if nothing else is just a waste of time once the kid knows the info. Idk what you are on about parents protecting kids, and being fragile. All I know is our standards as a country has dropped and people are in general pretty dumb because of it.
$C: Busywork is not how you learn mathematics. It's great for memorizing algorithms, but awful for proper mathematical understanding. Reading and working through proofs is how you learn mathematics, and that is a far cry from what homework in high school and below is. 
$C: Thats what I thought, you are full of shit. Good example.
$C: You're right to question - I was trying to be specific because it's the class/teacher that stuck with me the most, but for sure the middle school history class is just on a totally different level than a college course. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: I do get where you’re coming from and I think part of the reason I succeeded in math and physics is because of my skills at arithmetic. 

However, I don’t agree that these people that I met have fallen out of practice as you say. I definitely have met numerous people that were convinced they were bad at math, but struggled through it in order to try and become an engineer or physicist or whatever and then they get to linear algebra or abstract algebra or analysis or some other proof based class and they suddenly love it. Then they succeed at proving theorems and becoming mathematicians despite the fact that they always thought they were bad at math.

There are definitely people in stem that have always struggled with arithmetic.
$C: I don't see it as the building blocks of future schooling. Basic multiplication is basically worthless and spelling comes with reading. What actually needs to be taught is a love of learning.
$C:  ; ) seems like most users did too lmfao, enjoy your day, hombre.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Because we don't stop learning when school is over. Learning in all subjects is strengthened and discovered during our life experiences. You did not learn to walk and talk in school. You did not learn the word "shit" and it's meaning from your teacher. You probably did more learning about adding, subtracting, multiplying, and dividing money when you were deciding how to spend your allowance than you did at school. Kids with involved parents will do neat projects at home that reinforce or go beyond the curriculum. Some kids travel with their parents and learn about people all over the world. So many kids learn important multiplication facts playing video games like minecraft and Roblox. Kids become better in reading comprehension and logical reasoning when they play the pokemon trading card game. I could go on all day. I thought this was common knowledge. Even if you aren't trying to learn, that doesn't mean your brain stops learning.
$C: It definitely doesn't stop some teachers from doing it though
$C: Student information systems specialist here.

Recently had to explain to a high school math teacher that weighting her homework at 40 and her exams at 15 was probably a bad plan.
$C: >It's considered bad practice to have homework completion as a component of the student's grade

Teacher here. Not sure what you're talking about. This is certainly not a widespread belief.
$C: Yeah agreed. Math and science is where it is most important
$C: It's important for math and science to help reinforce complex concepts. But homework is important for most topics in high school. There is no way to complete all the necessary reading for english or history without homework, foreign language requires practice, and even some art courses have homework by necessity (like photography).

It's all about balance and making sure the homework you assign is meaningful. 
$C: You clearly don't know our education system and how its taught so please hush.

I studied history including going abroad and I was a teacher. I also took every ap history course and/or exam. My senior thesis was napoleon's impact on the modern world.

Obviously understanding it is important but if you don't know key dates, events, people, etc u don't do well. 

I dunno why everyone is giving their input based on how they fantasize on how it should be taught instead of looking at reality. 

I'm saying can you not have hw and succeed? ofc. Is it better than with hw? Absolutely not. 


$C: I tutor math so I can relate to coming up with problems on the spot and engaging students with something immediately relevant to the lesson they just experienced. great approach. however it's difficult to come up with problems that challenge the student and force them to think creatively. 

I think part of the student's responsibility is to bridge that gap between class and text. at a young age the gap should be very small but as students grow they should be able to work more independently and that comes from practice. in college I'm sure you had course where you virtually taught yourself the material and I'm not advocating that for elementary students but if that's the end goal we need to start some where.

also having a knack for a subject is fucking horseshit if you mean to say some people are 'math people' because they're just naturally good at math. that's absolutely bullshit and the people who excel in math 95 times out of 100 are the ones who practice it the most. if you mean that having a knack for the subject means the student likes the subject and is interested then yes that's a huge factor in learning but I'm not sure what you mean when you say have a knack for something. 
$C: I teach 10th grade Chemistry (both regular level and PreAP as sophomores) as well as AP Biology and AP Chemistry (generally juniors and seniors).  

The regular level Chemistry kids are obviously the most highly impacted.  They hit the new expectations and tend to dig in their heels and try to call my bluff.  The PreAP kids adjust more quickly.  As the year progresses they actually seem to like the higher expectations I set because they are the type to appreciate a sense of accomplishment as they master the material.

My upperclassmen have usually had a few advanced courses under their belt before they see me.  The ones that couldn't hack it in 9th/10th washed out and in the senior blow-off science elective (or dropped out) so I cannot speak to how they fare by then.  
$C: [deleted]
$C: cool thanks for all the feedback!
$C: Don't know if I'll respond fully but did want to say thanks for the civil discussion.
$C: What ethos? This is every company that requires certifications. If you dont work at companies that require certs thats fine, but please, enlighten me on the companies that let you just not work so you can study for a test.
$C: I've lived in a poor urban city my entire life and have many teachers in my family and I know that throwing money at the problem doesn't work. We've tried for 50 years. Nice tired talking points though you retard. 
$C: Sent three kids on to college from AP classes. AP Bio, AP Chem, AP Physics, and others. One sat at the kitchen table nearly all through high school and college. One barely touched a textbook or did much at home, one fell somewhere in the middle and just studied for the tests because that is all that really counts in those classes anyways. Of course they had good attendance and did the labs. They are all curious, disciplined learners and I never ONCE hovered over their homework. I did fifth grade once already... that's what I told them. And they learned to love knowledge, and had structure in their life and we did "stuff" and nothing fancy. Parks, pools, walks, camping... emotionally secure and nurtured kids who see knowledge as interesting and embrace discipline (we keep our room a bit organized and help around the house), learn how to be efficient and most importantly, to KNOW themselves best. 2 graduated engineers and one in pre-med says YES they get what they need in school if parents are willing to stay connected and be supportive and listen to what your kid needs. 
$C: You...you realize our current scores are with more homework than students have ever been assigned, right? Other than the few taking this recent opposing view to homework, most students across the country have been assigned more homework, year over year, for the last two decades and our K-12 education proficiency against other first world nations has stagnated. Maybe..
Just maybe...assigning more homework doesn't make student learn better?
$C: To be fair, how much a student has learned doesn't necessarily equate to high standardized test scores and vice versa
$C: [removed]
$C: It sounds like you don't even attempt to understand a point. I said it's not a thing to have all things equal in a scenario with such an inbalance. Let me explain this in chess... If you have all things equal (all the same pieces), but one person has a positional advantage, the positional advantage wins. 

Do you know what else is an identifier for successful children? If a child's parent attempts to enroll their child in a private school, even if they don't get accepted. 

Why does this help identify successful children? It rules out all parents that don't care about education.

Single parents are more likely to be in poverty. It's ok to have controversial opinions. Just don't be ignorant and unable to think critically. 

You have so many variables when it comes to children and families, to act like being a single parent is the one thing holding a kid back is a bit stupid to say the least.
$C: Believe you me, those flipped days are rare. Essentially my week is notes notes practice day practice day quiz.

&#x200B;

I've been there with those kids. Taught my first three years in South Central. Don't let it drag you down too far. You come across as exactly the type of educator our kids need. Letting the lower tier students taint your view of education as a whole will burn you out far too fast. Keep shining brightly. Do whatever it takes to find at least one positive thing from each class, particularly from the roughest students. That's what got me through those tougher years.
$C: I think you mistake the intent behind this movement. It's a flipped classroom. What was once "homework" is now classwork supervised by me, the expert, where they can immediately get a response to their confusion. Practice is key. Making them do it at home with no support is more harmful than helpful. I included one link that was counter my point to fairly represent my argument by including a dissenting view.  Homework in my class is either what wasn't finished in class, or reading the next section in their textbooks to write down questions they have before I teach the lesson.

​

My first link was indeed included to support my claim of misconceptions and their dangers when not caught soon enough. I appreciate you actually reading what I posted though. Honestly, respect for that. You actually DO care to  discuss this, unlike others here.

&#x200B;

EDIT: I apologize for my snark, given your receptiveness to my post. I was getting hammered by one guy in particular who wouldn't even entertain my evidence. Sincerely, sorry. I should have been more kind.
$C: When i was in higher education, doing extra wkrk i elected to do i found helpful,  when i was in school,  the homework i was given was just a pain in the ass and made me resent school and education, 

As you said its up to the student but thats why i think it works better as an option 
$C: So as a pre college student you're willfully remaining ignorant.  You do you, but you've since proven any further discourse would be better directed at a brick wall than in your direction. Have a great evening.
$C: So is becoming proficient in learning. It should be equally as as important. Regardless of how mundane the sheet is practice makes you proficient at any task. I grew up eating dinner every night and playing till the street lights came out but my mom also made sure that I was proficient in every assignment and would explain to me that sometimes you have to prioritize things. 
$C: because not all of school is homework. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: [deleted]
$C: I'm almost positive you're wrong that he was just trying to make a joke, and I think others agree judging by the downvotes. Did you see his second reply to the comment you wooshed on? He elaborates on the story and why he failed despite acing every other class, so it's pretty clear that he never meant it as a joke.
$C: Ah I see, to be honest it was so well crafted (or badly crafted depending on how you look at it) that it just seemed like a standard “here’s a story that’s relevant to the comment” kind of ordeal, hence me missing it completely, thanks for being a cool guy and running me though it like that :)
$C: A lot of professional jobs require preparation off the clock as well.
$C: Who cares man you went past probably the hardest point in anyones life, now its just smooth sailing mediocre run out the clock work till you die
$C: Been there. High school was a bitch.
$C: this is just for elementary school, though. hopefully you weren't going to school at 6am for band at age 8
$C: Sounds like that was your parents' doing more than it was your school
$C: \*Bitch and a half. I think that's what you meant, right? Because a whole bitch could never fit in a half, and all that bloody extra english homework I was forced to do as a kid has made me cynical. 
$C: I learned real quick it was a waste of my life and stopped trying. Education does not always equal success, having a reasonable plan for your future and sticking to it does. I gave no shits about anything that did not equate to what I planned to do after school. To me everything else was a waste of my time. If I was able to just graduate on time without delay I was okay with that. Got out of school, stuck to the plan, everything worked out exactly as it should, ended up in a very successful career. There is this false sense of "I have to get great scores on this thing that is meaningless" to what end? What will it achieve? How will that make your life any better? I obviously value learning in and of itself and believe everyone should always strive to learn at every given opportunity. But, the education system placing unreasonable value on someones willingness to do monotonous tasks is ridiculous.
$C: Funny, since sleep deprivation causes you to forget info or word pairings from your day (even trauma). Hmmm 
$C: I feel you. Swimming practice had me up at 4:30am and would keep me there til 6pm most evenings. Study hall was used for weight lifting. Honestly don’t know how I functioned. 
$C: Fuck band and swim practice. It interrupted my 6 hours of gaming.
$C: I agree completely. I was a state swimmer which ate up my time everyday. Id be up until 1am doing homework and then would sleep during class everyday. No homework would have meant id be able to pay attention more in school. I still graduated in good standing a got a great scholarship and just got my engineering degree but homework didn’t help imo
$C: Same
$C: Haha only swimmers know the 5+ hours of day of dedication
$C: My mom is a teacher so I had no escape for 12 years. I would spend all day at school then come home and her idea was "to get homework out of the way early so I can relax later on" not thinking that the last thing I wanted to do after 8 hours of school work, was another hour or two of homework. During middle school I had about an hour reprieve until she came home, and during high school I had 2 hours until she got home, which was great. 

During 5th grade I can remember having a bitch of a math teacher that would give us like 50-100 math problem to do each night, even my mom was appalled by it. 
$C: For real. I was getting multiple weeks of detention lined up in elementary school for not doing homework. I was very well behaved and has straight A's. By the end of middle school, I was a solid C student, despite always getting high A's on all tests and classwork. By the end of my first year of high school, I had given up. I couldn't pass without doing homework, so I didn't pass. They also wouldn't let me keep taking the smart kid classes, so I stopped learning. I went through the rest of high school by trying to not go as much as much as possible. I failed for four years and got a GED with upper-ninetieth percentile scores. Fuck homework. I'm over thirty, and I'm still pissed off about homework.
$C: I subscribe to your theory a lot. Shit, you’re lucky I got everything in order now. Homework was a bitch. If you need extra help so be it, mandatory work no way.
$C: I still wonder how kids are going to be able to survive college. I had homework in college EVERY day. As in 7 days a week. 
$C: Quit spamming jeff dunham
$C: If you have children you can go back to not having any time for yourself. 
$C: Omg half your day?? That sounds magical. Between work and transit I'm gone almost 12 hours of the day. Then it's home and cooking and tidying and helping my kid with homework... The only time to myself that I have is the hour and a half before work while I get ready, make lunches, and watch a tv show.
$C: I was failed multiple classes for failure to complete homework. I went to culinary school, something I actually enjoyed, top of my class. No homewor, either. 
$C: Colleges have to distinguish between students. Unfortunately competition is the only way for now
$C: Maybe have a baby and then switch brains with the baby? You’ll start school in 4-5 years.  
$C: Oh no no no, it still very much exists in high school.
$C: Sorry, not possible to time travel. However, I do have a lead on a guy that knows about a Zoltar machine.
$C: I thought that homework was given to help you better understand the subject matter taught that day (by doing more problems).  This note implies just getting by is OK. 
$C: I remember being grounded for not doing my homework. It was my birthday week and I got a bunch of sweet toys. I didn't care that I had to practice math. Because I didn't need to practice.

Maybe certain subjects that you're struggling with, you should work more on. 
$C: “It’s a bitch in a half to fit that in”
$C: Ya but now snow days have online assignments 
$C: They're stopping hw partially because e this point, extra curriculars. There's more to learning than justmath a ND reading.

Also, with the high demand of parents' time for work, many kids don't have a parent at home helping them with hw. The learning point is missed, and parents don't know what kids learned at school. What little time parents get with their children is a struggle to get them to do their hw.

Thirdly, many schools go for an hour longer each day than they used to. That extra hour in school used to be that hour of HW each night (or so, but you get it).

As a teacher, I'm glad hw is becoming less of a thing (less ppw for me), as it gives kids time to figure out what they like. Lets them discover their own interests.

I'd strongly encourage my students to play outside instead. They don't get enough of that time!

$C: You must not have a kid, haha.  I get maybe an hour a day to myself.  The rest of the day is sleeping, getting ready for work, commuting, working, and family time.  
$C: For real. I went to a college prep high school and 90 percent of what made it so horrible (at least academically, otherwise it was great) was all the goddamned homework. Some teachers had to compromise with each other for what work and projects they assigned on certain days as to not overwhelm the students. It sucked and part of why my grades weren't as good was because I didn't do a lot of the homework for certain classes. College was incredibly easier than high school. 
$C: You could always just go back in time to your original timeline and just *not* do homework.

I mean sure, your grades will probably be a bit worse. But you'll be much happier and probably end up in the same place you are now anyway lol
$C: Don't get married or have kids
$C: You get half your day for you? Lucky...
$C: Please dont Jeff Dunham me
$C: > just slaving away my whole day like this ape for things others wanted me to do

Was expecting Code Monkey.  Was disappointed.  
[Code Monkey like you](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qYodWEKCuGg)
$C: Wow you must reallly, really hate homework
$C: I just told my kids school no. We wont do homework. You poor thing. That all sounds shit.

$C: Homework is the reason I never had after school activities. The video game club was once a week. I actually plagiarized the entire US History book in 11th grade, word for word, and that would take me several hours, not counting the other shit those nights. I can't read something I don't give a shit about, then read a question about what I read, and answer a question about what I didn't know was relevant to remember. Those sections (chapters in a chapter, so to speak) would be 6-10 pages long.
$C: Are you able to enjoy half your days to yourself because of the work you put in while you were younger? Do those correlate? I’m not trying to be a dick. I’m just wondering if your experiences as a child led you to a more successful adult life. 
$C: A "bitch in a half"?..."every-night"..."childhood in this timeline"? You would have been better dropping your band participation, than not knowing what words and sentence structure are. Nobody likes homework dude, but it educates people. That's the point of it...it's not for enjoyment.
$C: I don't get it. People had homework that took longer than 15-30 minutes before high school? I went to a pretty well funded school. Were people complaining here just slow or did everyone take long to do there homework?
$C: Oddly enough i wasn't really assigned homework in highschool. Sure i had to do some stuff but it was mostly studying for projects or an essay. I still hated school. 
$C: Dude, you are who you are because of past experiences. Quit whining about how much shit you had to do in school because now you know the value of hard work and you get to more greatly appreciate your free time.



$C: Apparently you aren’t married.

Pro tip: never get married.
$C: I had swim practice at 430 in the morning so I had more time at night and I could still go to bed at a decent time. 

$C: Are you me?
$C: Hey! That’s what I do now in the trade industry!
$C: I never did homework because even from a young age I thought it was pointless unless I didn't understand the material. I aced almost all my tests but only got a 2.7 GPA in high school because I would never do homework. I wonder how different things would have turned out if my school didn't assign homework.
$C: > I cherish adult life because at least half my day is for me. 

Ahh, not a parent yet!
$C: It's not "no homework". It clearly says students will have to finish at home what they couldn't during class. Dumbasses like you would still have homework. 
$C: Studying teaches studying, doing homework does not = studying. If anything doing homework just teaches you how to do homework quickly to get it over with. Just like studying for an exam will teach you how to study for exams.
$C: If I had help with having a social life instead of trying to be responsible doing homework for 5 hours a night.

I wouldn't be a socially inept lonely minimum wage worker with a college degree that can't talk to people because I never learned how.
$C: Nah. 

Homework in high school? Sure. Elementary school? Insanity. Kids that age learn by playing 
$C: You know what it taught me? To Ace all my tests and let my mom fight for me to turn it all in on the last day of the grading period for a maximum of 70%... Turns out if a teacher thinks that you are more than capable but just unorganized, they give you a slide. I am organized now, but I still hate the idea of homework. 
$C: Hmm, I agree w/ you. Looking back, the kids that didn’t do their homework tended to also not escape my hometown. Their children are also in like high school while my wife and I are just now beginning to consider having them. I think this teacher should try and find a happy medium. Both extremes are probably not great. That said, I’ve learned more valuable things off of YouTube tutorials than most of my Midwest public school education taught me.
$C: Most of us don’t take our work home with us every single night; if we don’t finish it today by close of business, we save it for tomorrow. 

Kids spend equally as much time in school as we do at work. Homework takes away from their hobbies, social time, family time, and downtime. Those things are important, too.
$C: Exactly!  Will be too much of a culture shock and they will freak out / or not do their assignments 
$C: I've only heard of Pasco County through that TV show Live PD. Seems to be some characters living out there, to say the least.
$C: you know Polk is actually an acronym?  

People 
Of 
Lesser 
Knowledge 
$C: As a Miami-Dade resident I didn't know Florida even exists anywhere north of Palm Beach or west of I-95.
$C: As a non Florida resident, too late. We group you all together, you beautiful crazy ass mother fuckers. 
$C: You’re probably ok with being lumped in with pinellas though right? 
$C: oh fuck this is my home lets go khs ib and usf premed shoutout to all the indians 
$C: Seminole county chiming in to say we are not all methy!!!
$C: I used to live in Palm Harbor. I went up to New Port Richey all of the time. What a strange and scary place... Polk too. Lakeland too, that town is cool but it's such a Florida-ey place.
$C: Is that in Epcot or Disneyworld? Im not familiar with those parts of Florida.
$C: But you're completely alright being lumped in with those fine people of Marion County?
$C: *cough* Pinellas *cough*
$C: You and I both know they are always grouped together. 

I live in Pinellas. I've lived in Hillsborough. Never again. Of course there are good and bad areas in every county. The traffic was enough for me to not want to go back. People just don't pay attention. It's so scary. 

Also it's interesting to see on the front page a post consisting of not just the state I live in, but also topics of the counties I live near and frequent. 
$C: Former Florida resident here, I agree entirely. [This news story](http://www.orlandosentinel.com/features/gone-viral/os-florida-woman-crystal-metheny-20140611-post.html) personifies Polk County, in my mind.
$C: I live about a mile in the next county over from Pasco. That place sucks.
$C: Hello fellow Tampan
$C: I second this! We are a progressive and educated community with top rated Universities. 
$C: As a Chicago resident, I don't know the difference. 
$C: Could be worse than being associated with Pasco and Polk. Look at most of the rest of the state, it's awful!  There's like a few oases of civilization amidst a desert of duh.
$C: Fun fact!

Pasco is a word in ancient Greek.

It means "I suffer".
$C: As I Californian, now living in Florida, please don't group me with Floridians.
$C: Idk we're still pretty bad. 
$C: As a Polk county resident, you right. The people are shit here.
$C: I second this.
$C: I didnt even know there were any counties besides Dade, Broward and Palm Beach.
$C: It says county...
$C: It’s the 🌞Sunshine Country🌞 
$C: yeah but its not a county

$C: They took er jaaabs
$C: It says county...
$C: .... oooh I understand this one....
$C: Right this way Mr Froman.
$C: But what county though?
$C: Pardon my French Mr. Rooney
$C: You get an upvote!
$C: Or the Lizard King of California
$C: Don’t get snootie 
$C: Thanks, I'm trying to start a collection.
$C: Definitely. Coupled with some light comment stalking you could easily dox someone from their county.
$C: It's enough to help a doxxing campaign. 
$C: One of our employees emailed me:

This person is from Usofa county, TX. Who do I send it to? I can't find Usofa county on the list. 
$C: Maybe they weren’t offended, just really excited
$C: Please enter your county by means of a four dimensional array of integers
$C: I made the form in 2003. I had never made anything in PHP before. I didn't know anything about JavaScript other than how to make IE move around in circles or spazz out all over the screen, the only thing I knew about XMLHttpRequest was "fuck xml, I don't need that in my life", and I'm a DBA, are we ever going to hire any other IT people? We finally did, 12 years later. Now someone else makes the customer facing forms... IN WUFOO. 
$C: Yes, 60% of the time they do it every time
$C: We collected that too, but ours was a simple, barely-automated system, and people wanted county to be separate for report-generating purposes. 
$C: "They've done studies, you know. 60% of the time, it works EVERY TIME."
$C: County, not country. Also, if we don't label the field "county or parish", people from Louisiana will not fill it out.
$C: Some people aren't comfortable just giving out that information on the internet. It really isn't *that* funny 
$C: Which translates to county. 
$C: Why is the Texas State Police interested in an Alabama School? 
$C: Alaska is wrong and should feel bad.
$C: New York City checking in. We have counties coextensive with boroughs. 
$C: Not from there, but because of True Blood I know that Louisiana has "parishes" instead of counties.
$C: It's technically true that we have counties in Canada, but they have zero bearing on most people's day-to-day lives. I bet the overwhelming majority of Canadians couldn't name the county they live in. In the U.S. one's county is much more important.
$C: I actually had no idea that counties were a thing in Canada, and I live here. AFAIK, we pretty much don't use the term at all. 
$C: Huh, TIL. Does that same logic apply to a Cuntry?
$C: Although that's where the word comes from you won't find Counties in the English speaking world that were ruled by Counts. It was simply the fancy french word that replaced Shire in the middle ages.

There were some Shires in the British Isles ruled by Earls (the equivalent of a Count) but the shires were normally grouped together to form an Earldom.
$C: Same with Maryland.
$C: In PA, it’s managed by the townships, which are one level below the county (on par with a city - a municipality). We also have counties but they manage other stuff (like elections and I don’t really know what all else). 
$C: Same with Nevada!
$C: Ooooooh snap! Eat that Kaptain Koitis! Ughn!
$C: Here in Alabama the county also manages our schools. My city school houses 3 other towns worth of kids, while across the water there is another school that is a shorter distance from our school than the other 2 towns are, but for some reason that town got their own school even though it’s the same county. 

There’s also 2 random towns that are technically in a different county, but for some reason my county takes their kids and not the actual county they live in. 

It’s confusing as fuck.
$C: Grew up in NM and VA split, same in both of those states. Hearing city level was confusing to me as well.
$C: Here in Texas, it's only city-level independent school districts all the way through high school.

Edit: apparently not, idk
$C: Yup, where I'm at, we have a elementary/middle combined school that is its own district and then an elementary school and another elementary/middle combined school in two different towns that are part of their own district.  The high school (which is right next door to one of the schools) is part of a county-wide district.
$C: Exactly, my county has two city run public schools and 4/5 county run. 2 city high schools and 3 county high/middle schools. We’re very rural. 
$C: Oklahoma is similar.  School districts are distinctly separate from country and city, though in many rural places they often correlate very closely with the town they're located in.
$C: There's an Olympia School District and a North Thurston School District. In Washington, school districts aren't associated with either cities or counties. They are totally separate entities and have nothing to do with the municipal or county governments. The district boundaries aren't coextensive with city or county boundaries either.
$C: This is because in VA, Cities are not part of counties.  Cities in VA have are independent of any County.  Towns though are part of Counties within VA, Cities are considered equal level to Counties.
$C: Probably quite a bit, like most people. 
$C: Oh thank god
$C: Naaah, did you read the note? Just gotta read more books to improve that reading comprehension.
$C: Pretty sure that’s France’s fault.  Most States have counties.
$C: IIRC, I think Louisiana’s the only exception in the contiguous US. Alaska is the only other state that doesn’t use counties for their first-order subdivisions. They use unincorporated boroughs or something like that, I guess because of the state’s sheer size or something.
$C: Because they read country
$C: It's an easy mistake for a non-English speaker to make, since "country" is for most of us a much more familiar word than "county".

$C: Yep! -mostly- about elementary! The best part is, is that kids don’t have the issue of classes being structured like that. There are a million activities in class that get graded. No matter the teaching or learning style, homework does not benefit students, especially before high school. 

It’s also worth mentioning that until around 4th grade, kids don’t pay attention to what’s graded and what isn’t unless they’re doing poorly.
$C: Yes, but it’s still only 10 minutes. I was definitely an over achiever in school (until college..), and is much rather rush for 10 minutes and then he done than stress tf out over right answers for the entire night.
$C: The whole point is to NOT have mountains of homework... As someone who also did great in school, the only optional assignments that DIDNT get done were the ones that were assigned when I had a shit ton of work from other classes. 

This is also focuses for primary, so self motivation would come from other aspects of their lives, anyway.
$C: Easy fix: activity timeout. After a few seconds to a minute or so of no mouse or keyboard input, assume the kid is no longer there, and stop counting down.

'Cheating' with a fake mouse jiggler app (like in the old days of browsers with ads in them that monitored your usage and paid you for it) would be pointless, 'cause it'd just make it look like you didn't know how to do whatever problem you left open.

Checking the 'total number of solved problems' metric instead of just 'time spent' cancels out a lot of the issues that you just suggested.
$C: With calc 3 you end up with all these triple integrals with radicals and other hard to input stuff. sometimes they will make you do each step individually so you end up repeating it 3-4 times
$C: I don’t follow. Are you saying that homework is only bad if the parents do what they’re supposed to? Yes, many parents need to step up, but homework doesn’t help. If the parents don’t care and let their kids play video games all night, odds are they aren’t going to follow up to see if their kid is doing homework anyway. 

I think there’s either a typo or I’m misreading something! 
$C: Good lord here we go...
$C: TIL
$C: Really? for what?
$C: Man, I’m glad I called that guy.
$C: You got it buddy.  
$C: You're sure? I'm not. I'm not sure you're not part of the conspiracy.
$C: Minwax
$C: There's gotta be something in common.
$C: Say, you wouldn’t be one of those internet pranksters I’ve been hearing about would you?
$C: I can't give you an exact figure but I'm positive it is more than 8 and less than a million
$C: I’ve yet to see a school that had less than 6. Add after school activities and homework, and some kids are putting in 10-hour days.
$C: What happened after the 3 years
$C: Ohhh, Yea I guess other people would make it better.
$C: Rainbow had a free weekend last weekend that was a pretty stressful/fun game I played other than FN.
$C: To /u/StraightEdgeSuper? 

Maybe.
$C: Damn lol...who hurt you. 
$C: Don't forget to jack off into the soap dispenser and clean your toenails with his toothbrush.
$C: Now that's impressive forethought
$C: Your cat shits in the toilet? 

Damn man, how you do that?
$C: Good God man, be civil. 
$C: Did you choose this career path or....
$C: Run a small ecommerce website for a very niche product. Doesn't do a ton of sales, about 50 a week, but it supports me. Customers frequently call to order due to the price and type of product it is. Doesn't do enough to justify an employee, but I have to answer phones, pack and ship orders, maintain inventory, monitor advertising, etc. myself. In addition, if the product I'm selling is needed, it's because something important broke for the customer, so they value response time highly.
$C: I'm going to have to second this question. I'm struggling to come up with a profession that has these requirements.

That said, you do you man. I LIKE my me time. And would much prefer the daily grind. 
$C: Introvert neckbeard engineer
$C: I mean, I'm describing the raw side. The reality is that I do non-customer-interaction work on my own schedule, which means sometimes I'm up working at 5am and otherwise done by lunch, and sometimes I can crawl out of bed at 10am, watch a game in the afternoon and clear things up in the evening. When I want I can take a Thursday playing Monster Hunter on the couch for twelve hours minus six or seven ten-minute phone calls and thirty minutes packing. I've got no one to report to but myself, and my successes directly translate to money in my pocket.
$C: I think I would hate to depend on some activity or hobby I like as a career. Having to completely sell out just to barely pay rent, working on it and being stressed about it all the time until it's no longer enjoyable, and then you don't have anything to look forward to at the end of a long day because you're already "doing what you love".

The enjoyment comes from satisfying your own goals and desires, not the goals and desires of a boss or a customer. I guess if they line up well it would be alright, but they rarely do.
$C: If it's something other people love too, that's true in the straightforward sense as well.
$C: Software architect, actually. My name refers to a nickname I got when I moved into town and was wearing a trenchcoat constantly because of winter.

Literally everyone I know calls me Trenchie, including my family.
$C: And then just failed to go home until after the second day.
$C: My favorite time in restaurants was the time at a higher end place when I worked 31 days straight because I'd get called in on my 1 day off per week every time. When the gm realized what had happened she offered me a free 6pack from the brewery the company owned. I just kinda laughed and said no thanks. Money was good but I was hella burnt out by the end. 
$C: Rough. I do not miss that line of work. I spent over a decade either cooking or serving, but I only did it because I am a dysfunctional human who used to need chaos to feel a sense of normalcy. Well, that and the whole not starving to death thing. 

If you're just there for the paycheck, and you can find another line of work, I highly recommend it.
$C: Shouldn’t have picked up the phone
$C: The best thing that happened to me was stepping up and working in a much crazier kitchen. But they got that it was crazy and so it was 4 12s then 3 days off in a row... Didn't work that way when we got short staffed for a couple months after a chef change, but man, that first year was amazing.  I got out of the kitchen about a year ago and still miss just going in and getting shit done then being able to enjoy a couple days after a full day of rest.
$C: Do you like your management and owners?
$C: I only get 10 an hour and only 36/37 hours a week maximum, which is about to go back down to only 35 hours a week.
$C: Either you have no reading comprehension, or you're a troll.
$C: > Yeah, screw homework. screw working AT ALL.

So you accuse /u/spen8tor of hyperbole, and then you make _this_ argument?

Arguing that kids spending all day working at school only to come home and spend a large portion of their home time away from family working _even more_ is maybe bad for kids is a far cry from arguing that work is unimportant.

To work effectively and well, people also need breaks to rest and recover. Valuing work should be about valuing _accomplishment_ not just spending ever more time on diminishing returns.
$C: > France has proven you wrong on this point. So has Italy.

If you accept them as only testing this one thing, France and Italy have only proved that government mandated restrictions can go too far. They don't speak at all to the value of a 40-hour limit on the work week.

When the US introduced the 40-hour work week, people made the same sort of arguments against it, but it was one of several factors that made US a world GNP leader and grew the US economy dramatically.

Besides that, organizations that voluntarily work to limit working hours of their employees have directly measurable improvements in quantity and quality of output. Research that examines productivity across organizations and practices repeatedly shows that returns diminish after about 32 hours of work in a week, and that the diminishment increases exponentially after that point. 35-45h per week seems to be the "sweet spot", and 50+ starts to become actively harmful.
$C: > But that's not capitalism that creates that problem... corporatism, whereby corporations buy and sell lawmakers and instill in office those representatives that they funded for election to pass laws in their favor and drive out competition.

Disagree.  For one thing purely laissez faire economies have literally never existed, it's like talking about "true communism", it's completely unrealistic to imagine that a political system would not be heavily influenced by the major economic players.  Even the supposed champions of free market ideology (the us and uk) industrialized via huge government subsidization and protectionism.  

> There are lots of capitalist nations that have healthy work/life balances with strong worker's rights. Look at the Scandinavian countries. They're very socialist in their application of capitalism.

Those things exist because of social movements and political organizations, not the markets.  Norway's strong social programs are funded in large part by state owned industries.  That hardly furthers the argument that the only thing keeping capitalism from lifting the workers out of miserable wages is government interference

> But it's not capitalism itself that creates unfavorable lower class conditions. Capitalism has cut the number of people living below the poverty line in half in 30 years.

Lol, increased productive capacity due to technology has raised standards of living almost universally, regardless of economic system.  Yes, the fact that we produce many times what we used to means that most people are getting more today than they were back in 1800.  But there's nothing about the markets that dictates that workers have to make more and live better.  The rules of markets dictate that if there's a lot of labor for a certain class of jobs (see, unskilled labor), then wages will be depressed by competition.  Strong labor organizations have worked to counteract this race to the bottom, and that's done a lot to combat poverty.  But there's nothing inherent about markets that dictates that poor people's lives have to improve.  If tomorrow the republicans rolled back every social program and labor right/wage law, the poorest would almost immediately get much poorer, even though the markets would be operating more in line w/ your laissez faire ideology.  
$C: That's not what I'm saying, I'm rejecting the idea of the above poster: that living in a capitalist society doesn't preclude you from having a work life balance.  There are 10s of thousands of working homeless in the US.  There are millions living below the poverty line.

THis study:[https://static1.squarespace.com/static/551caca4e4b0a26ceeee87c5/t/57b8b2eb59cc6886da01d449/1471722219791/The\_Working\_Poor.pdf](https://static1.squarespace.com/static/551caca4e4b0a26ceeee87c5/t/57b8b2eb59cc6886da01d449/1471722219791/The_Working_Poor.pdf)

Says that low income workers have to work 60 hours a week to exit poverty, and 25% of our population works those jobs.  My point is that it's not simply that the people in this group who work those kinds of crazy hours do so because they're workaholics and they could just stop if they chose.  Millions do it so they can feed their families and make rent.  These conditions have always existed with poor workers in every capitalist nation on earth, I don't believe that they can both work the hours they choose and live a "healthy" life with their families
$C: Not everyone under capitalism works a 40 hour work week, and basically no worker has the ability to individually set their own hours under it.  Even if you can choose to set your hours (uber, grubhub, etc) most low wage workers are forced to work long hours just to make rent at the end of the month.  Under capitalism you can choose to make rent or spend time with your kids.  The choice is illusory
$C: Those advances occurred in spite of a Capitalist framework.
$C: No, a lot of capitalists would like you to think that- but it now refers to the full dimension of attitudes related effectively to the rule of capital.
$C: Good for you, but that really has nothing to do w/ the tens of millions of americans who aren't in that position and don't have your boss
$C: Tfw someone's absent 
$C: And the homework for homework was homework homework 
$C: That means you're a step ahead!
$C: Well aren't you just an overachiever 
$C: Trust me, it's still only down hill from there. Enjoy!...
$C: Dude!  Thank you *so* much for mentioning Meetup. I'd actually used it for a little while, a couple years ago now, and had nothing but positive experiences on there.  But over time I guess I just let myself get distracted enough that I eventually forgot all about it :x

Anyway, I've been thinking lately that I really need to 'get out there' again, and lamenting what you'd also mentioned, how insanely difficult it really is to make new friends in your 30s.. I've also been wondering just where the hell I should even start! Seems like Meetup solves all of those nicely!  So, seriously, TY again :) 

That said, I would love to hear anyone's other suggestions on ways to make new friends / otherwise grow your "social circles" in your 30s and beyond (ideally not at work), also!  Thanks in advance!
$C: Yeah haha, life sure as hell does throw some curveballs at ya though. I'd also advise anyone to do their best to wait for kids until they've got some career and financial stability, but it certainly doesn't work out that way 100% of the time despite intentions. Glad you made it through all of that though and I hope life has relaxed a bit compared to then (:
$C: Ours were only an hour and fifteen minutes, but our MWF were 50 minutes. That extra 25 minutes felt like an eternity. 
$C: I understand it happens, just saying that’s not the norm. Bunch of my friends went to a school that was that far away, but they chose to go there over their local, closer school to be fair. 
$C: Depends on the school/what ghetto though. I work in the lower-income DC school system and most kids are well within 30 minutes to the school, but some come from pretty far. Most don’t take school buses though, they take public transportation, walk, or bike. Long distance commutes are usually more common in low-income rural areas. 
$C: I didn't explain well. As I'd mentioned, we had block scheduling, which meant we had A day and B day, A day would be classes 1, 3, and 5; B day would have classes 2, 4, and 6. So 3 classes a day, but very long classes per day. O_O
$C: In case you haven't read what I said:
The real issue is punishing students for not being able to finish their homework. Showing ANY effort should be fine, teachers are here to explain the rest.

In my school, you either had 100% of your homework done or you didn't. Not understanding only one of the questions=not having 100% of your homework done=bad. That is, in my opinion, punishment that drove nearly everyone to copy it from that one person whose father has a PHD in physics (I am not kidding).
$C: But to be fair, most schools that have 8 hour days usually include a study period. Your schedules might not be comparable. 
$C: Lol dude I graduated in 2007.
$C: People that work 10-12 hours a day are doing so because they A) Can't get their work done in 8, they're going to get fired/quit eventually or B) People looking to move up/get noticed/get more money... They are going to bounce if they aren't compensated accordingly.

And people notice people that can't do their job, sure there are plenty of anecdotes of someone failing up, but these are the exception. 

People working 10-12 hour days are doing so for their own benefit. No sane person is going to stay at a job where they are so overwhelmed with work they are forced to work that long. They are either already getting paid extremely well or they want to get paid extremely well.
$C: It does for a lot of people.
$C: We're actually talking about work here, particularly people that work hard and get raises/promotions because of it. 

People that put a priority on their personal life and don't put in those extra hours usually aren't the ones getting promoted. 
$C: Hard work gets more work in hourly jobs at least. If you can get everything done in four hours, you need more work. Go ahead and cover down for the slackers. 
$C: Okay I see, it's just your interpretation.

I personnaly don't think assignment or projects stop you from experiencing life like daily homeworks does. You are free to put as much or as little time on them as you wish and it's on a relatively long time, which allow you to allocate it arround your life (thus let you free when you need to, unlike homeworks).

I guess it's just my interpretation though. How does his edit prove your interpretation more? The daughter of the ex of my dad did go to a Montessori school and I had to help her on math homeworks plenty of times. From what I read Montessori push toward less homeworks but still had them (sadly).
$C: That is it, homework allows you to apply what you learned. 

I have a good example, I am learning another language right now, class is less than 3 hrs/week, but if I am not putting more hours of my own time to do vocab practice, practice writing and listening I will never reach fluency. 
$C: But if homework and what you’re interested in are the same (paying a shit load of money to learn at university) then you would do it on your own, right? Maybe more people would know what they’re interested in if they didn’t have assigned homework?
$C: The thing is, the entire point of the "no homework" policy is that there's a lot of evidence that homework (or at least traditional "practice what we learned today 50 times" homework) actually has little or no impact on how well students learn and understand a subject, particularly in the lower grades. The only real argument for continuing the practice is that we've always done it so why stop, and that doesn't hold much water when you consider all the potential benefits of students having more time available after school, not to mention the stress reduction of a lighter workload.

As for College, in that environment homework is more about class work that doesn't generally require the supervision or intervention of a professor, such as research and the writing of reports and presentations. It could, in theory, be done in class, but in practice all that really does is force the students to do the work in a specific environment, rather than finding a setting that works well for them. It really isn't comparable to the homework situation of grade school.

As for math, there is a growing movement (with a lot of science backing it up) to stop teaching by memorisation and put greater focus on teaching the fundamental principles behind what the students are learning, and giving them tools for understanding a math problem rather than just recognising and solving it. The idea is that this leads to kids being more able to solve unfamiliar problems, which in turn makes it easier for them to learn more advanced concepts later on. It also develops their overall problem-solving skills, which is obviously of great benefit in many areas of education and life in general.

Essentially, where traditional education focused on the concepts that were easiest to teach and understand, and used methods that resulted in people who were able to do calculations quickly but didn't really understand what they were doing, the new approach instead starts at the most fundamental ideas of math, using techniques that can be confusing if you learned the old way but are fairly easy to grasp when starting from nothing, and focuses on teaching students how to break a math problem down into its core parts and solve it from there rather than just recognising the specific combination of numbers and symbols and spitting out an answer. The result is a slower teaching process, but it results in students who have a better understanding of how math and numbers work (something very important in a world that is becoming more and more computerised), have better problem-solving and critical thinking skills, and are more willing and able to learn new concepts that may not perfectly mesh with what they already know, which is essential for most later education.
$C: But should the homework be worth points in a class?  What if you don't need the practice on a particular topic?  Should you be penalized for prioritizing your time?  What if the practice problems were available but not required?  How would that be different from your idea other than the fact that it's worth points traditionally?
$C: >Why not extend your argument to college, that homework /= academic success? 


That would be fucking great. As someone thinking about going back to school, the idea of having extra shit to do after I leave really sucks.

When I'm working, as soon as I leave, i stop working.
$C: the homework in my school was only worth 15% so I didn’t do any and took my 85 all year long. Grades don’t matter just graduating
$C: Depends on the subject, and depends on the student.  Some the homework is literally just busy work.  For others, it's not even enough to grasp the subject matter.  For the former, homework isn't really that helpful if they already grasp the subject.  For the latter, additional instruction is typically more helpful than homework.  And it's also subject dependent.  I've had math classes that had more homework than language classes.  I'm sorry if I offend math majors, but languages can simply be (and usually are) more difficult on a day-to-day learning regiment than math is.  
$C: At first I read “Europe.”

And now I want rockets to Europe.
$C: Where do y’all go to school that hw took 6hrs? In my hardest years I rarely had more than 2-3hrs. I had many days where I had less.

Hell, by the time I got to my senior year with only 3 actual academic classes, band, and golf, I got most of my hw done in an hour. And sometimes just didn’t do the rest of it
$C: lol
$C: The ability to write solid papers is not just a skill you master at one point in your life. There is a reason all of the common core standards build to mastery of skills from k-12. The ability to craft an argument in 8th grade is very different from the one expected in 12th. While the skills of citing and evidence selection, format, persuasion are taught at all levels I have never met a high school student who had mastered research paper writing and these skills as a middle schooler. 
$C: Except you can work the problems in class too. The point is if people want to take math and higher math especially it should actually be taught correctly and effectively to the students who want to learn it. When I was in high school, at one point they'd implemented 7 periods, 45 minutes long. That is not effective in any capacity to teach anything. Block classes are much more effective, and even more effective is reducing class load substantially. That is why a full class load in most university systems is 3 classes, and while the instruction time per class per week might still only be 5 hours, those 5 hours are usually much more effectively used. You also are given much more time to work either in study groups or independently. Forcing 14-18 year olds to go to school for 6-7 hours a day, often commuting, and then do up to 6-7 hours of homework is insane and not effective.

They are working 12 to 14 hour days a majority of the year, which is beyond what anyone normally should be working in a job and has been proven to be counterproductive to job efficacy, and is more than likely to be counterproductive for learning as well.
$C: You
$C: Definitely not by giving kids lines of questions, with no active feedback over whether they're doing something right after they come to an answer.  

What really helped were classes that told me there'd be a test, told me the rough areas it would be on, and then let us bring in a one page cheat sheet. The limited space discouraged writing/printing literally everything, and made me take concepts in the book and break them down so I could sum them up quickly and fit them in a small space. Aka note taking practice.
$C: I'm not sure, but I don't think the answer is reading a chapter and spitting out answers.

Idk, it's a tough question that changes from person to person 
$C: Maybe if you're also doing research. I did a dual STEM degree program with two STEM minors in 4 years with 0 AP credit coming in to college and at my busiest (not counting research) I had maybe 25 hours a week. Average was far less than that. 
$C: Them
$C: em
$C: meh whatever
$C: Nice lie
$C: How do you fix someone else's comment? 
$C: Yeah he said something like that. It’s also a common sentiment among software developers. I haven’t met many developers who weren’t concerned about saving the business work hours and process costs. 
$C: Yeah, saving the "business" work hours. More like fucking off while I get paid.
$C: something something some percent of something and a hundred percent reason to remember the name
$C: It's lifespan is shrinking. Down to about 3.5 hrs now. :)
$C: The best part is half that work is probably useless bullshit.  There is probably 1-2 hours worth of useful homework in there.
$C: After starting full time work last year, for the first time in my life I can come home and not have to worry about assignments. Honestly I feel freer now working 45 hours a week than I ever did during school. When teachers and parents always said "wait till you get in the real world". 
$C: Start creating homework assignments for the teachers. And constantly berate them if they don't do it.  Kids should have lives too.  Any teacher part of that rule needs to be clued into the big picture. If they don't care, then I wouldn't want my kids being taught by such a hypocrite and I would let the school and school board know. 
$C: Man do I ever wish my parents had your attitude when I was a kid. They always just told me I had to do it because that’s how it was and in order to have any kind of adolescent experiences at all I just slid by doing the bare minimum. If I actually had gone and put my “full potential” into school like my parents wanted I wouldn’t have done any of the cool stuff I managed to do while I was a teen. 
$C: Fuck your kid has it good. Almost every school in my state (can think of two exceptions) is starting at 7. As a dude who played sports year round and took several AP classes, I got four hours of sleep a day for nine months. 

That said, your child still is pretty fucked over by that. Best of luck to them and to yourself :) 
$C: It’s so interesting to look back at my high school education and the fact that I TOTALLY put in those hours and it left me with 1) some great technical skills 2) a shitton of anxiety 3) above average work ethic 4) no ability to balance my work and my regular life, etc. kudos to you for stepping in and really focusing on what’s important 
$C: My high school is the same way but I work after school, on top of the hours of homework. School from 7 to 3, work from 3 to 8-10 pm.
$C: Was your kid thinking about doing any extracurriculars?
$C: Honestly tell him not to do it. When the teacher calls, question their use of homework and ask why the work is taking up so much time of their day? Bring it up at pta meetings and town meetings and school board meetings. That's ridiculous.
$C: Add sports / clubs / other extra curricular organizations and you’re looking at 14 hour days.   
$C: But, we do ask adults to put in those kind of hours for 4 years straight. Earning a university degree is exactly that. 

I’m not saying it’s a good thing to overwork kids, but high schoolers should at least have some experience with homework that takes more than an hour. Otherwise they’re in for a rude awakening once university rolls around.
$C: Oh god... and when they start advanced classes... oh it gets so much worse.

&#x200B;

<Have taken multiple advanced college courses in high school. On top of swimming, it was borderline impossible to juggle it all. I broke down into a depression and almost dropped out. 0/10 would not recommend.
$C: Don’t forget that some parents make their children get jobs. When I was in highschool my parents told me I HAD TO HAVE a job so that I could have a car so that I could drive my brothers around for them. 
$C: Thats why they get a 3-month break. /s
$C: I agree, but the first couple days were the hardest on homework for me, so it might even out later.
$C: Teens DO need extra sleep! Puberty is a bitch. My last one is a sophomore and he takes a nap almost every day after school. My older boys did, too, when their sports weren't in season. They have/had a strict 10 pm bedtime, too. So it wasn't due to lack of sleep at night. 
$C: I have memories of crying during athletic events in high school because I would start thinking of all the homework I had to do when I got home from games at like 9 at night. High school is absolutely insane. 
$C: It gets even worse if you take an intensive degree once you get to University. 

So you end up spending grades 6 to the end of university. Which could be anywhere between 10 to 18 years of 60 hour work weeks.

I'm currently finishing up a chemical engineering degree and the most relaxed part of the year are the 3 months I spend doing a work term. 
$C: I totally agree ! In France because of the holidays which are pretty long we often have to go to class from 8am to 6pm... sometimes we can have up to 9 hours per day... its useless to say that given the time we spend on just even being at school we dont sleep, we cant really practice seriously any sport or hobby (except for those machines that can handle crazy schedules which i am not). And on holidays we basically sleep all day long and go to parties the rest of the time which is kind of sad.. This is how most of us finish with losing their motivation and their hopes at the same time...

And I did not mention Chinese Japanese or Korean school system ! Besides those French high school almost seems like kindergarten
$C: Did you get assigned homework as a child?  If so, how much per evening?
$C: It is abusive.


$C: Yup! I ran the numbers and if high school credits were counted like credit hours, theyd all be at 30 credit hours(6hrs a day, 5 days a week) a semester which is *double* what college students take. Then the standard homework load puts them at least at a 60 hr work week as a student. 
$C: I feel so bad for your kid, tell him everything will get better after college. I just finished it and not having to be worried 24/7 bc of homework is the best feeling ever. 
$C: .
$C: Adults are regularly expected to do 60 hour weeks for the rest of their working life
$C: We wouldnt ask an adult to put in those hours?  Maybe im not an adult after all cause i get asked to do that shit for decades now
$C: 60 hour work weeks for only 4 years? Sure beats the schedule of a medical resident!
$C: Source?
$C: Is that a pun?
$C: Please tell me this is a joke
$C: Yea until you get to a semester with six 4 hour classes which are actually about 6 hours/week with a test twice a week, while you’re working a full time job. Ahh, college, shitty times. I now work on average 65-70 hours/week and am moved out paying my own bills, and I’m easily half as stressed as I was in college.
$C: Yeah that's fine if you didn't take engineering.

6 1hr lectures 3 times a week which included a tutorial/lab session for 3 hours per class each week. Oh and all the classes were on completely different topics. At least that was only my first semester of college.....
$C: Im not good at concluding my papers without being really cheesy and we lose 20 points if its not a clean transition 
$C: Technically I could have dropped out the second I stepped into highschool and been fine. 

I was lucky that my STEM school pushed college on us so hard, that made me only question what was so great about it. I did a ton of research, I don't really talk about why I think college is such a bad idea anymore, because it seems people take personal offense to that. But I found out some things that convinced me that to the day I die I will never attend a college class.

And now I'm attending a private institution to learn UX design in the fall. No degree at the end of it, but the knowledge gained from doing nothing but UX is infallible.
$C: I took boring projects and made them fun. I would create websites because I was tired of PowerPoints. 

But I have to say, I usually had trash partners. People in my school were scared to try anything that, god forbid, would earn them something less than a B. For example a political topic that the teacher would disagree with. Or a difficult idea that we might not be able to do. 

And like I said, that's how I learn, so my fellow students were just holding back and it was absolutely frustrating. 

Projects that were individual however, you bet your ass I always got amazing grades on. My contemporary america teacher was a college bro, so when I presented my final on why college is lackluster and that there are alternatives with higher rates of success; he just scoffed and said he didn't believe any of it, despite the fact I linked to studies by the bureau of labor statistics and other highly reputable sources. 

Still got an A it. 
$C: Our school did a Senior Project. It was a huge project that spanned the course of a year. You had to pick something interesting and do a huge project on the subject. The subject was extremely open ended, but had to be confirmed by your english teacher. One kid did his senior project on "What other people did for their senior project." He compiled huge lists of what people were doing, why they did it, aggragated what kids in school were interested on, and reported on it. Other people did stuff like "learning how to give tattoos" or "teaching my cat to do various tricks including using the toilet".

But you had to develop research, write material on the subject, get your instructor to sign off, and turn it all in. Then at the end of the year you present the entire project to a committee that grades you, along with your professor who gives a final aggregated grade.

I picked my film teacher, who I already knew was extremely absent minded and let stuff just go by. The previous year I had taken a half-class after school that basically gives you a half credit for a regular class. I showed up the first day, signed the paper, then never again. But he still gave me credit. So I chose him as my "mentor". Decided to 'make a film' for my student project.

Except the film I "made" was one I had already submitted in said film class, the year before. I wrote paperwork on how the production went, made a bunch of BS with me studying different camera techniques, how to use certain equipment. All of this stuff was things I learned in class. But the entire point of the project was that you were not allowed to use "in class" learning subjects. You couldn't just 'read a book' and do a project on it.

I also spent a lot of time after class helping him out with random shit. He used to give me better grades in regular class because I'd help him move shit around after school and stuff like that. For the project you need to turn in all this stuff, but you also need your mentor to sign off on "experience hours worked". I worked probably 1/10th of the actual experience hours required after school with my mentor. All the other time I chalked up to stuff I learned in class but just wrote the whole thing up "as if" I had been going to local film places and meeting people and learning all this stuff. But truth is I wasn't.

When sign off time came, my mentor/teacher signed it all, vaguely recalling me helping him out all the time and figured when I told him about chilling with some other film guru's that it was true.

During my presentation, I spent a couple of minutes actually presenting, then I just sat back and watched the video I made the year prior. No new editing, no reshoots, the only change was at the opening it said "For My Senior Project" rather than "For Film Class ABC with Mr. F". The crowd of like 8 people ate it up. They *loved* it. I got A+ from almost every person, the lowest grade I got was directly from my English teacher who gave me an A, but docked me a point for a missing piece of paper I couldn't find.

A buddy of mine did his project on learning to give tattoos and piercings. He wanted to open a studio and use his drawing skill to give people ink. I know for a fact he spent hours upon hours at real parlors watching, learning, practicing his skills, going to art shows, everything. He was never a straight A student, but definitely at least as good as me in school if not better.

He got a C+, most of his 'panel' were offended by tattoos apparently and although that shouldn't have hurt his grade, he had put in all the work and a little bigotry and 'poor presentation' made a huge impact on his grade. He probably spent days worth of time working on the project. I spent more time coming up with my BS presentation than I did actually doing the real project.

They always tell you cheaters never prosper. But what they mean is cheaters who "get caught" don't prosper.
$C: The standard plan for my degree has multiple 19 hour semesters.
$C: We were allowed to register for 21 hours.  I'd always do that and then drop the two (or three) classes that I didn't like before drop/add day.  
$C: I definitely had homework. Just no one ever said this rule of thumb in college. 
$C: Probably. Mine's not in something like Physics where you would need to be very careful at every single step and the professors would probably care more in that case. 
$C: Because each teacher only cares about their own class; they assume their's is the most important. Also, they probably know students won't do as they're told (only the most hardcore students study 2 hours EVERY DAY and even then, there's not enough material to study 2 hours each day) so they stress the importance/difficulty of their class hoping students will actually study for their class.

It honestly doesn't matter whether you study, don't study, pay attention or not; as long as you get the grades for college, that's really all that matters.

Also, the original point of my comment was you said you had 2 hours of homework for each class every day. That's not true since they just told you to study, which is in no way enforceable.
$C: Yupp guess he missed out on the whole money isnt happiness memo.
$C: Are we the same people? I got dragged into teacher-parent night every semester year because I didn't do my friggen homework. They'd always say "Your son's not stupid, he just doesn't do the homework." And My mom would freak out, rinse and repeat. Just never could force myself to do homework when I struggled to pay attention to that shit during the day. 
$C: Thats good they gave you more time. That must have been hard to even do the 5 mins
$C: 5 minutes IS bad! I don't have time to go to my locker in between periods because all my classes are on opposite sides of the school. 
$C: Too be fair it was a small School  
$C: Lol yup
$C: At least they cared
$C: Agreed. I'm not advocating mandatory homework or anything, sorry if my comment gave that impression. If my school adopts this policy, I'd certainly continue similar practices at home regardless.
$C: Good parents spend time to help educate their children, bad parents don't.
$C: not dog
$C: Kids are already so poorly prepared for college level work loads. I can’t imagine how fast I would have fucked myself out of university if I hadn’t had the practice of getting and doing homework in high school. 
$C: Kids should be “getting comfortable with variables and equations and using their calculators” in math classes that are prerequisite for physics. I mean kids should realistically be getting familiar with the concepts behind variables as early as possible (you can teach equations and variables in a more abstract sense to 6 year olds), but by the time they get into physics I would hope they’ve taken an algebra class and maybe a trigonometry class, both of which are going to teach them equations and variables. 
$C: I agree with high school. At that age you do have to manage time and outside practice. Any time below then seems unessary. 
$C: Same for drama. Though in that case there is only so much that can be done outside of class. (ie, learning lines. Stage directions are a different beast.) 
$C: Ah ok, I misunderstood.
$C: Or they are copying homework 👌😂
$C: I can personally guarantee that almost none of them care about homework enough to do it at a reasonable time. 

Source: the salutetorian and valedictorian from my high school gave so little fucks about homework that they usually did it in the study hall before class. 

Edit: I’m keeping it as it is. You know what you did.
$C: I've taught at public and private. Give kids more credit. They're not all lazy. 
$C: Dude I am in highschool and this pretty much describes most people I know that go there too, its like if you go to work and finally get home to have to do more shit for work, instead of things for your self that directly benefits you. 
Like relaxation or doing chores like cleaning your stuff and making sure everything you have is sorted out. Hell even when I do sit down to do it when it isnt immediatly due I usually end up sitting their for two hours doing nothing productive staring at the paper tring to get my self to do more school work after 8 hours of it at school, usually ending in me either giving up and faffing off or me having to do something else.
$C: Or they just don’t do the homework st all which is likely
$C: That's a bold statement.  I'd say the original critique is correct. 99% is too high.  Thats 1 in 100.  Or 1.5 kids out of the 150 students a teacher will have each year.  I have at least 2-3 students in a low class that do their work diligently.  Even the lazy ones do it sometimes


So lets assume thats 4/30 per class, at worst that's over 13%.
$C: Whatever the motivation, all I'm saying is 99% of kids aren't doing homework on the bus. That's all. 
$C: I’d rather have teachers overestimate their student’s hard work than underestimate! 
$C: I was just surprised by your statistic. I probably came off as condescending, I didn't mean to be. I just recall the kids being forced to do homework by their parents. Not sure if it was better or worse.
$C: As a portuguese high school student I totally agree, but at the same time that would be impossible due to the work load that is given to both teachers and students. Last year my math teacher didn't miss a single class, and we barely had time to get doubts solved ( she was a great teacher so we were able to understand most of the stuff at first) and we still didn't have enough time to end the whole book. It's ridiculous and just creates stress, which doesn't make us learn anything to be honest. 
$C: I do reading conferences the next day as well. It isn't a one or nothing thing. At age 7 or 8 parents need to be involved with their child, even if it just means an initial. If they don't get an initial the next day nothing bad happens, however it lets me know who doesn't have an adult reading with them so I'm able to make sure rhat child gets extra attention for reading. 
$C: Oh I am sure working smarter and harder is the way to go. What I am really trying to get the kids to do is to problem solve and think through their struggles. Even simple things like spelling the word "table"...so many kids don't look up to see the sign that is floating above their head that says "Table 3." I love it when a kid works smarter instead of harder. It shows me they are starting to develop some problem solving skills. It makes my day. I praise hard workers too, of course, but I usually phrase it as persistence, initiative, or focus. 

One of my favorite instances of Smarter not Harder was last year when I had a parent contact me concerned because during breakfast their child had made a cheat sheet for the word study (spelling) test. The child told her mom she made her own "tool" for the test. I thought it was great and let the child use it on that particular test but explained that she couldn't make her own tool, but she was welcome to use any of the tools I gave her or that she could find around the room.  I am always telling the kids to use their "tools"...words around the room, glossary's in books, things in their environment. She was a good student who probably didn't even need a cheat sheet. She never did poorly on a test, but she was using her tools. And this little cheat sheet was adorable. We do blind spelling tests where they kids don't memorize a list of words, but instead practice a skill like oi and oy. On test day I give them words like spoil, coil, toy...things they can sound out. She had written words and drew pictures to help her remember the sounds of oi and oy. Precious. 
$C: My students are 7 and 8 years old. Yes. Research supports them reading at home at this age. 
$C: ( ͡~ ͜ʖ ͡°)
$C: Unsubscribe
$C: Good bot
$C: subscribe
$C: I want to subscribe, how do I do. Plz give facts
$C: Can confirm, am Toyota mechanic
$C: Hey, it's getting a little crowded in this trunk. 
$C: Thanks Mr. Badger, we must all hold on until the inevitable end! ^<3
$C: Timmy has 12 apples, he gives 3 to Sharon. Sharon gives 1 orange to Jim and 3 apples to Timmy. 

How many oranges does Sharon have?
$C: The problem is her mother is one of those 'don't listen to children' kind of people, because 'children always make things up'. There is so much 'shitty' stuff that she tells me that happens that i can't do anything about. Just kill's me inside.

After the last time i reported a really serious incident, she stopped me seeing her at all. But it had to be done and i really had to explain to my daughter that i had to report it and tell her exactly what was most likely going to happen, that her mother wouldn't let me see her for a while. 

I really want to be there for her, but knowing that if i report or confront the mother on some of her crazy stupid behaviour, my daughter will get in for it for telling me and won't be able to see me for a while. 
$C: That's pretty much a whole can of worms.

First off, 'equal rights' that is thrown about, nope, your only told you have equal rights. No you don't. But this may differ (probably not) depending on local laws.

The mother has default parental responsibility. Yea the law says if there is no court order in place you both have equal rights, but in reality, no you don't, she can easily stop you from ever seeing the kid, one of the reason's i don't 'rock the boat' too much, especially after some of the really really bad incidents that happened, i might get a little into that near the end of this.

Now, i have been to 3 different solicitors (lawyers) who told me the same thing, no chance your getting your daughter to stay with you, well unless you have 10's of thousands, then maybe, but in reality we just want your money and there is no hope in hell of you getting her.

Any paperwork you get, since my ex is from abroad, i really did not want her running away with my daughter abroad. Got all the paperwork to prevent this from happening.

'If the mother thinks the child will be take abroad'. The mother, all the paperwork is to prevent the father from running off with the kid, you have nothing if your the father. 

If you want the kid to live with you, then you have to prove the mother is incompetent, dangerous, a danger to the child.

This became a real problem for me recently and i had to get social services involved. The ex got remarried, first few days the guy was there he walked into my daughters room, (5 years old at the time) totally naked, poking her shoulder to wake her up.

I reported this strait away, she had a huge bruise on her shoulder. She told the social workers exactly what happened, i told them, we both told them and the police. 

'Rest assured, i don't go away, i'm going to investigate this throughly and no one will pull the wool over my eyes'.

Yea, 6 months after reporting this, I get the 'report' that there is no concerns what so ever.

Reported that to the school as well, along with huge bruising on her legs (when i say huge, around 4-5 inches long thick bruising, provided pictures as well), nothing done.

Trust me, every organisation set up to 'help' you and the child in this situation is hugely set up for the mother, not the father, you have no chance of ever getting your kid if your the father. 
$C: Dude you need a lawyer
$C: Honestly, the best advice i can give you is, be civil, even if she pisses you off, does crazy things, don't loose it.

There are a few things that will happen if you loose it and go off all the time.

1, she will start to use the kid as a pawn, oh your not seeing him/her, you can only see them this day or that day. they know you will react so they will use the kid to get to you.

You have to be there for the kid, not her, pick the school they go, take them out to shop for things, take them to the park. If it's your ex, arguments don't mean anything to you anymore, you need to make it so, your simply there for the child, not her. 

2, 'Your dad's bad' they might start bad mouthing you behind your back, if your kid see's you acting one way with their mother, they may believe it.

After all, you have to remember, this isn't your ex, it's the kids mother. You have to remember that, it's not about you, it's about your kid, how their dad interacts with the mom.

Honestly, there will be times when you totally want to loose it, shout, kick out at what's going on. Don't, there is no benefit to the situation if you do. They kick off, be the bigger person and leave. Make a note, date/time and what happened. Keep recordings of anything you can, it may help at a future date. Write down dates/times you see your kid, dates/times you are prevented and the reason.


$C: I'm going to always be there for her, honestly, i want to be someone she can talk to, tell things that might be bothering her. I know there will be situations in her life that her mother just won't understand. 

I know it's hard being a 'parent' rather than a friend when you split, they will nearly always want to be with the parent that isn't in their life the majority of the time, it's like the old saying 'absence make the heart grow fonder', it's part of just missing the other parent and maybe them not being so strict or discipline type. 

I know my daughter loves her mother, but her mother would always say (when we where together) that my daughter hates her, i think she still feels that way, but children love parents no matter what, good or bad. The way kids react is just part of being a child, sometimes they just don't show how much they love you, they show the anger side but not so much the love side when your the 'strict' parent and not the friend parent. 

I usually have her of Friday to Sunday, my health is pretty bad but i try to make sure i spend as much time with her as possible and do what she really wants to do, takes me the rest of the week to recover, lol. I really used to enjoy when i would get her after school and she would stay for an hour and we would do homework and stuff together. But that doesn't happen anymore because i reported the ex to social services and police got involved (they didn't do anything though, incompetence i think) but after that she didn't let me see her as much. 

But my daughter is really intelligent, it really surprises me how much she understands, cares, knows etc, even though i've tried as much as possible to keep a lot of this hidden from her. 
$C: You don't know that. It probably won't. 
$C: Actually I'm in UK, in Birmingham, it's not even a 'top' school she goes to, I think they set so much because a lot of the children's parents can't speak much English, so it's to give a push to kids who might be held back because of it. Probably a good thing for some of the kids that go there, but not all of them. 
$C: If you bothered to read beyond your own comment, you'd understand. 
$C: Let’s put it this way. Not weird as in ‘not cool’ or weird like someone who likes anime or isn’t a jock. Weird as in an incel. 
$C: I mean, some people worship Satan so you never know. 
$C: I agree, we should not have public schools. 

Let me rewrite your next paragraph differently to show an example of how ludicrous that is as an argument:

Slaves are a long time commitment and we have had slaves for decades. So the assumption that we had slaves probably factored in to the owners' plans, and to change it now because the North's factory owners have been taken care already...Well it's kind of BS. Social contract, you know. 
$C: Fixed my pronouns. Thanks for pointing that out. Hope you have a nice night too. 
$C: Neither am I! 
$C: You originally said the point was to impart a sense of work ethic. I'm saying if the kid actually valued work he would know he's wasting his time. You bringing up retention is a new thing entirely. 
$C: As a person who’s pulled similar schemes before, my reason was always that homework counts for enough of your grade to fail you if you don’t do it. Which I think is total bullshit. Since I understand the class work, why should it matter if I did the homework? But also can’t afford to miss grades so I just cut corners on things like that when I can.
$C: I wasn’t cheating, I was “removing inefficiencies”
$C: I mean it depends where you went to school I would think. I was fortunate enough to have the opportunity to take 11 AP classes in high school. I don't think the UK has a huge difference in difficulty, but I agree with the SAT/ACT. But I mean we can take the next step to the MCAT, which is the medical school professional test. It is considerably harder and there are still a ton of kids scoring in the 99th percentile. There are just always going to be more qualified applicants than seats available at top tier institutions, especially in the US where people come from all over for the best education available on the planet.  You just have to use it to drive your own motivation but I understand people can look at it differently. To be honest I don't really see the major problem with it. Good grades doesn't mean a good person, 4.0's with terrible personal skills are a dime a dozen. I would rather have classmates and students who have skills and interests other than just schooling. 
$C: > From what I understand, it's a lot harder to get straight A\* in the UK (or whatever the top grade in A-levels is) than it is to get straight As in the US

There's a wide spectrum here between schools and even between classes in the same school.  In my high school all tests in advanced classes (honors/AP) are graded on a curve.  The regular classes tend to be point-based.
$C: I think we'd all probably disagree with what constitutes "busywork". I doubt many teachers are going to admit that they assign bullshit work  "just because", but that's basically what a lot of them do.  
  
Doing 40 repetitive problems is busywork.Memorizing a list of things for the sake of memorization is busywork. Just because the material was covered in class doesn't make excessive and repetitive work any more valid.  
     
I'd say that most homework is probably busywork. I've rarely seen homework that encouraged a deeper and more full understanding of the material, or talked about the material in a different way to help facilitate understanding.    
Most of the time it's "do the thing a bunch of times" or "memorize these names and dates that you'll never have a reason to care about after the test".  
$C: [deleted]
$C: They are not particular stereotypes, they're sad experience. 

In average, homework has a learning effect that is of such value that one can deem it off no great importance. The effect is far lower than for example the effect of student teacher relationship or direct feedback. Time spent preparing and checking homework is time not well spent. 

I do not see why you would exclude the household factors from this average though, as they play a role.

I knew what the Latin meant. Don't be pompous.
$C: [deleted]
$C: It's still possible, competitive or not. You can argue all you want, but it won't change facts.
$C: I believe that the traditional way homework has been utilized in the US has been poor overall. 

I do not blame the teachers. Sure, there are bad eggs out there and the pay is commonly so low that many that are definitely bright and motivated enough for the position steer clear of it. However, the current system is partially the result of replicating what has been done traditionally mixed with an ever-increasing test-centric culture. That is in addition to exhausted / underpaid teachers that I can completely understand not wanting to uplift the established style of education, which is often a moot point due to requirements from the local school systems. 
$C: Sure, maybe you had a bad experience. 

In general I'd be happy betting that parents have done a poor job of  introducing their children to basic concepts and being able to support their education. 
$C: Well tbh I don't know too much about the pedagogy of biology, but I can tell you that history IS a subject that can be practiced and improved upon with practice.  The problem is most teachers outside of a few specialist teachers at the senior high school level don't teach history as something that is done, but rather as something that you just have to 'learn' because teacher said so.  In actual fact, historians 'do' history--by researching a topic, finding multiple sources, evaluating the veracity of the sources, comparing the different accounts, finding discrepancies, and ultimately trying to use all the info you've managed to gather to create some kind of coherent narrative that accurately describes what happened in the most understandable possible way for future readers of your work.

Even elementary students could be prepared to 'do' history in this way with baby steps like taking two different stories of the same event and comparing them, trying to figure out which is more accurate, or take two incomplete eye-witness accounts of some event and then amalgamate them into one story.  Kids could also be given more self-research projects.  Especially with universal internet access today it's easier but also more important than ever to know how to really research something on your own.
$C: High school is taught to the lowest common denominator and I'd agree that's a problem, though the answer to the problem is anything but easy to agree on and implement.  I'd certainly disagree the problem is solved by eliminating as much work as possible altogether.
$C: > The average American family brings in a $50k salary

Maybe 15 years ago. Now it's over $60k. $60-80k is solidly middle class in my opinion. [This](http://www.mtu.edu/engineering/outreach/welcome/salary/) is a pretty reliable source of data. In it you can see that most engineers either fall in solidly middle class or slightly upper middle class. The ones who make more are probably in higher COL areas so it sort of evens out. (Even though higher COL area people probably see more disposable income at the end of the day). If we want to only look at employee salaries, engineers are right at the average for those with a bachelor's degree and below average for professional occupations. 
$C: >There are definitely people in stem that have always struggled with arithmetic.

There are definitely exceptions to almost every rule you can think of. We are all human, and a well-documented facet of human nature is that we tend to enjoy things less if they are hard, or confusing. It takes an uncommon person to *want* to do something despite having a hard time with it badly enough and to have the perseverance to actually push through. 

You also need to be careful about conflating people who thought they were bad at math as kids with people who for some reason are fundamentally bad at or don't enjoy arithmetic or other basic topics. A large number of people who come out of elementary/middle/high school who identify as being "bad at math" are actually just kids who have had bad teachers, and have the misfortune of living in a society that normalizes even basic math as a "for smart people only" thing. Many of the people you describe find a sudden love for math after taking classes like linear or analysis in part because it's often one of the first times they're learning math from someone who really has a mastery and love of the subject, while surrounded by people who aren't likely to tell you that "it's okay if math is hard for you, it's just not for everybody." 

TL;DR I am making a general argument, not an absolute argument. And it is absolutely true that *in general*, people have a very hard and frustrating time learning algebra, trig, etc. if they barely have a grasp on arithmetic, and people who find learning a subject frustrating tend to avoid it as much as possible. As a physics teacher I see this every year; and the kids who give up on math and math-related topics because of poor basics vastly outnumber the exceptions who power through their disadvantage. They often develop self-esteem issues about it, too. 
$C: > Basic multiplication is basically worthless

I cannot imagine this to be true in any life I might live
$C: Perhaps in college, where you're expected to work more than a forty hour workweek, but if you can't have a social life and experience the world up to high school, and you can't experience it in college without just forgoing sleep, and you can't do it when you have a career, when exactly do you propose students and people in general take the time to develop something other than their ability to work? Sheesh. Honestly, take a step back man and look at the bigger picture.
$C: He didn’t ask for your credentials (and now I doubt them) he asked for a peer reviewed source. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: >What do you know that panels of education experts and teachers don't know?

You must have missed that part of my question

>homework is important to cement new material for kids, and homework is a great opportunity to give kids experience with trying practice problems, since classtime is better suited for teaching the material rather than letting the students try practice problems. 

Have you heard of inquiry based teaching? It's a technique that encourages exploration and application during class time. It's more engaging and students are more likely to research the topic out of interest in the future than by obligation. We know students learn more when they are intrinsically motivated.  That makes this method (which often does not include homework) particularly effective.

$C: [deleted]
$C: Well of course your brain doesn’t stop learning, but specific skills and knowledge about he properties of math, sciences, and the English language are not going to be found playing Roblox and Fortnite, or doing projects with a parent who is inexperienced in those subjects. Those basic foundations need to be reinforced in an organized, focused way so that future endeavors are easier while using those skills. I’m a high schooler right now, and looking back right now I could not be more thankful for all of the valuable practice that my teachers made me do in past education.
$C: Sure. Those teachers suck at assessment.
$C: Man, if you're weighting homework heavily what are the consequences?

- you incentivise cheating

- you teach students to prioritize completion over mastery

- you further tilt the scales toward rich students who can afford tutors

- you open up the scenario that a student who can otherwise demonstrate and excellent understanding of course material is either given a mediocre or failing grade

I could go on. I give students homework all the time (math + science) and I do check it often, but I would never weight it. At a certain point you're marking a student's wealth and executive function instead of their learning.

$C: I teach history dumbass, if all you did in your class was impart information as "History=quantity" implies, you were a shit teacher.

>Obviously understanding it is important but if you don't know key dates, events, people, etc u don't do well. 

History = quantity. It's pure info rather than just understanding material. 

Your words, so which is it?.... I'm really damn glad you said you WERE a teacher.
$C: Yeah - this is a dumb fad and stupid article. Nothing can get done in just 50 minutes 
$C: Just out of curiosity... where is the mother to your nephew?  If your brother is harboring resentful feelings because he believes the child is not his, he needs to get a DNA test done (they can be purchased at any drug store these days).  Your brother sounds like he has issues that need to be addressed before his misery spills onto that child who never asked to be in that situation, either. 
$C: Yeah I'm tired of discussion on here that are with people who don't understand what an opinion or fact is and are dead set their opinion is fact. It leads to unintelligent conversation and is awful. 

I will add one note: while it is the job of the schools to teach the students and 99% of the time a student will gain the subject education they need solely from schools. A parent may have a differing philosophy and teach their child more on their own. Nothing wrong with it, just another philosophy of parenting. 
$C: Hospice care pays for your schooling, martial arts schools pay for further training and seminars on their time....I’m sure I could dig up more but that’s beside the point. Your appeal to tradition doesn’t change the fact that doing anything that benefits a company for free is asinine and ridiculous. I don’t give a fuck if a million people jump off a cliff, I’m not following. Be my guest and give away your life, you’ll regret it one day. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: I’m not arguing that spending less time on homework is beneficial, Im saying that it’s unrealistic to expect high schools to cut out homework. My parents never keep up with my work. They have no clue what assignments I have or when I have homework, they leave it up to me. And like so many other kids in my school, we know that we want to get into a good college, and the competitiveness of that process means that no matter what time we have available we need to fill it with work and ECs to get an edge on our classmates since that’s how acceptance works these days
$C: Our pisa scores are low because of immigration from lower iq regions of the world, like Central and Southern America. If you're open minded, try looking at educational outcomes before and after the 1965 immigration act. When this country had a population of  90% european ethnicity, from the war of Independence until 1970, our test scores were much better.
$C: That's not at all what I said, but nice straw man you propped up there!
$C: 2 parents are better than 1, I don't know why you deny that.
$C: Thank you, and I hope you keep doing what you're doing as it clearly works for you. I'm into year 7 and I have collected a hefty stack of student letters and notes that I frequently read through to give me the affirmation that I am doing good for a lot of students and it really keeps me going and loving my job. You're right in that the most memorable moments I cherish are with the students who have confessed to me near the end of the year how they used to hate math and how they see math differently now because of my class. Shed man tears those days... And guess what, I assigned them homework every class so IN YOUR FACE!!
$C: Yeah fair enough, I feel like we are actually on the same page now. Perhaps homework has changed quite a lot since I was in school (which also happened to be a pretty good school district). The homework I got was mostly on what was covered in class. Occasionally, it would cover slightly into the next segment, and was sort of designed to instill some confusion, which was then cleared up at the start of the next lesson. It wasn't used as a form of isolated teaching, which I have heard is sort of how its done now. Obviously in something like math that is just going to cause problems given most peoples fundamental tendency to misunderstand mathematics principles. (Case in point, even something like basic stats, for the last election most people took it mean when they heard Hillary had a 90% of winning according to the polls, that there was no chance she was going to lose. Then they were shocked when she did and blamed the polls on being incorrect...).
$C: I'd like to have a discussion though and I'm willing to change my stance. 

It's very tasteful though to dismiss a belief based solely on the age of a person. I'm not denying the valuabity of research but instead promoting the use of supplementary use of your Inate  pattern recognition skills as opposed to blind faith. 

Put aside whatever sense of superiority you feel for being several years older than me and refute me based on the substance of my argument and not my age. 

Don't blindly link me studies, I can google just as well as you. Explain why they are more credible than my own personal experience from thousands of interactions. 
$C: This really reeks of "everything should be the way it was for me" and all the associated vanity.
$C: nobody said that
$C: I'm not sure what you mean.  Can you explain?  I'm just trying to understand why you seem oddly confrontational.
$C: oh dang I didn't even realise you're the same user that mentioned data science in the other comment. 

I am just basing my comment off of the time/money required to get a master's. (I think a decent amount of effort is required too no?) it seems like a rational teacher would get a master's in education only if they were committed to education and I think that commitment is what's lacking in most subpar instructors. but I get your point that there are many out there with the degree but not the competency.
$C: Lol shit happens! At least it’s explained what my thinking was. I thought it was really clever. No worries! Enjoy your day/night! 
$C: It’s no problem. It’s actually worded so perfectly (even if unintentionally) that my whoosh comment is negative. You aren’t the only one that didn’t see it! 
$C: I get what you mean but it's not the same as homework imo
$C: That’s... depressing. 
$C: That is the biggest crock of shit. Anyone who says school is the hardest part of life has no understanding of the things that actually make life hard.
$C: [removed]
$C: > Who cares man you went past probably the hardest point in anyones life, 

Oh sweetie.
$C: It's not smooth sailing. 

$C: When I hear people say they wish they were kids again, I wanna slap somebody. SCHOOL EXISTED, MOTHERFUCKER!!! Fuck bullies and shit like that, I mean sitting in a classroom learning uninteresting irrelevant shit for a grade to avoid getting an ass whooping. Summer time? Summer camp. FUCK SUMMER CAMP!!! Fine ass girls in swimsuits, but I hated swimming classes.
$C: At first I was like what the hell are you talking about, then I was like yes that's exactly it.

^(school is the easiest part of your life after that it just gets worse.)
$C: > hardest point in anyones life

That was only true emotionally in the old days. I only had maybe 1-2 hours of homework at most. And you only did extracurricular activities if you wanted to. There was no pressure to bloat up the resume with that crap then. Your childhood used to be the best part of life and when you were allowed to play and discover the world on your own terms, subject to some parental guidance and oversight. 
$C: I remember thinking that in my 20s (work til you die). Then I realized that childhood is the easiest part of life. Because everyone is still fresh and new to the world... still learning, they don't yet fully realize the good and evil in the world. They're still figuring things out. Ignorance is bliss.

Eventually the REAL existential crisis starts. You learn what types of people exist. How the world works. Then if you ever get really depressed, and you probably will... statistically, specially if your soul is already in the "work til you die" mindset"... you'll ponder if there's anything more to life, to existence. "Will I be happier after I die?" Or will it be more of, "what will I do with all the time on my hands?", "People eventually get bored of being immortal right?", "Do I really want to reincarnate and start all over? What if the next life is even worse because accidents just happen?", "What if being immortal really sucks because there's no more fear of survival, and it's just... bland?"

That fresh and new is the best part of life. Ignorance is bliss. But it usually wears off in the late 20s, early 30s.

Happy Travels.
$C: Oh, no, Stanley.  You'll live forever.
$C: I don't know; I spent most of high school and a couple years in my 20s locked up. I think I would have preferred school. 
$C: You're depressing.  I work fucking hard and reap the benefits of it.  
$C: >  past probably the hardest point in anyones life

Harder than using apostrophes apparently.
$C: [removed]
$C: If you don't mind my asking, what do you do?
$C: My mom was also a teacher. Teacher moms get all of the same days off that you get, too.
$C: had a very similar experience.
$C: Fuck I spent an average of 30 mins on homework in high school. Like 10 mins before that. 
$C: [removed]
$C: [removed]
$C: Homework taught me to do it the class before it was due!
$C: Exactly. Plus you get to learn the stuff on the exams, so it's a win win.
$C: I will say that doing homework, or rather, habitually trying to get it done 5 minutes before class with A's, prepared me for corporate management. Get minute things done quickly with quality, spend the rest of my time with quality initiatives, thinking, managing people, and strategies (...or  just sit through five hundred meetings...)
$C: It teaches you discipline which is something as an adult I wish I had a lot more of. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: Taught me to know what I needed to copy to get done lol.  Took a good few years to work that crap out.
$C: So were you the only kid in your class with homework, or is everyone who went to your school socially inept and working a minimum wage job?
$C: If you've never read Dale Carnegie's "How to Win Friends and Influence People", I'd implore you to pick it up from your local library. Don't let the title fool you--it'd be far better called "How to be an awesome person, get along with new people, and advance your career in the process."
$C: [deleted]
$C: Wtf. That’s some privileged ass shit.
My mom would’ve been like deal with the consequences. I’m glad I didn’t have what you had as an option.
$C: [deleted]
$C: You don't work much if a kid spends the same amount of time at school as you do at work. 
$C: Funny enough I JUST read an article that was saying that show is bad for Pasco's reputation. 
$C: I've lived in Pasco all my life(In Zephyrhills in the Southeast corner) and there certainly are. Eastern Pasco is mostly smaller towns with drug problems. The west is more developed. A lot of crazy people. 
$C: I used to live in Pasco county (born there and lived there till I was 7 or 8 then moved to Hernando County about half an hour north) and good god that place is awful. We once went to my old neighborhood to see the house I had been born in, and the whole neighborhood looked like one giant crack den. My grandma lives there just up the road in a trailer with a bunch of her friends and their white trash kids/grandkids and it skeezes me out just to be around. That’s basically Pasco county: crack dens and white trash hoarders. Never voluntarily go to Pasco, for the love of all that is holy
$C: As a former Pasco county resident - yes. 
$C: I wrote a song about it one time... Passos greatest export is dead professional wrestlers and strip clubs.    

It was called "to live and die in Pasco county"
$C: Went to college in lakeland for a year, not the smartest people ive ever met.

Also isnt it supposedly a huge meth hub? Or is that just all of florida? 
$C: Should’ve done more homework then.
$C: Literally never heard that in my life.
$C: It doesnt, Florida should only be split into 2 states. Key West to Jupiter should be South Florida and all the other shit can be North Florida
$C: Hell yeah St. Pete is where the best live music is.
$C: Lakeland is like a cross-section of everything Florida. 
$C: I'm from the opposite coast, it's pretty scary on that side, too.
$C: Tampa Bay area. 
$C: HA! I never would've noticed
$C: **County**, cohn-tee, verb: "Any political division, including state, city, county,province, tribe, or nation".

Directly from the Florida School Dictionary
$C: Derker derrrrr
$C: *YOU TRYNA MAKE FUN O MY ACCENT CITY BOY*
$C: *THATS WHAT I SAI', COUNTRUH*
$C: Upvotes for everyone!
$C: As a prominent expert on Chicago (source: watched the play, *Blues Brothers,* and *Ferris Bueller*), I declare it Cook county
$C: The only county in Chicago.
$C: I like to think I would have responded with “Actually, Usofa Kingdom.”
$C: We used to have printed binders of county codes for people to look up where to route things. Then I put it on a web page with a ZIP/county field they could start typing and it would give them the answer, so we could have removed county from our form at that point but nobody could be bothered. 
$C: Or it's a Russian bot...
$C: Well we bought them from Canada, so we can't really blame them.
$C: Louisiana here. We don’t have counties, we have parishes. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: And crazy Japan has prefectures....Mind blown!!!🤪🇺🇸🇩🇪🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿😻🙀
$C: Likely King, Queen, or Prince County
$C: No. In Ontario counties are functioning upper tier levels of municipal government that control certain and provide services. If you’re old enough to pay bills for property you own, you’ll know the county or upper tier level of government. You might live in a place where the upper tier is a Region, or where you are in a big city where the province is the next highest level of government. If you’re in another province, the county might actually be insignificant, but I’m not sure of this.
$C: That's very interesting.
$C: And in Virginia, at least where I live.
$C: PA townships represent!
$C: there's more county public school systems in Texas than city-level
$C: That's where I was mistaken as well. Everywhere I've lived in Texas the School districts correlated with the city. They aren't usually shared by multiple cities in my experience. But I guess those are the outliers and not the norm
$C: Oh really? I grew up just outside of Olympia so I didn't realize. We were just in Thurston SD. 
$C: is it different in other states, though? i knew that, but i thought it was the same way in most of the U.S.
$C: I grew up in Northern Virginia and it's all counties there-Fairfax, Arlington,  etc.  We had elementary schools.  I don't get what's so confusing.
$C: Comprehension is the first layer.

&#x200B;

Then you have interpretation, which is a whole other ball game.
$C: Mm that would work unless the kid wrote the question down on a bit of paper and took more than a minute or two of writing to figure out the answer. Like can be common in math. 

Often real life implementation of the best ideas ends poorly with unintended consequences. I wouldn't want to jiggle the mouse every minute or so when trying to figure out a tricky or long problem. 

Some of the schools local to me have been trying out this kind software (without a timer mostlt) and it's a real blight without adding that in to complicate further. Unfortunatly until someone drops some serious bucks on getting good websites of software that is playtested like a fucking game to make sure it works effectively there will be needless complications to kids learning. Some kid trying to learn doesn't need to be the guinepig for the latest cool idea to help learning and get a botched, ham fisted mess dumped on their lap. 
$C: No, I think homework does help.  The studies are more than likely true that they don't help a student retain data or learn the information but I absolutely think it is a great way to teach kids the importance of responsibility and using their time properly.

I think many, many parents will not take the advice of the teacher and downs quality time with their children in place of the homework. It just becomes more time the kids have to dick off which is great for them. I know I'd like it. But it doesn't really teach them much.  What happens when they get to middle school or high school and have never had homework before. Don't know how to study in their own or how to allot the proper amount of time for doing it.  I help me nephew everyday after school. First grade. It's just a stupid one page worksheet with super easy stuff. But that's how you learn. Start small and work your way up.
$C: he was involved in 9/11 
$C: He was a firefighter for four years and the story about him helping during 9/11 is real not just a meme. And since then he has done things to try and support firefighters.
$C: Thank you for your service, guy.
$C: I might be... Btw I'm eating updog for dinner tonight, want some?
$C: Welcome to life prep.  Unless you plan on pumping gas in NJ for the rest of your life.   
$C: So *that’s* who keeps doing it....
$C: Those fuckers are running around smelling gay assholes and horny penises like the cum faced diahrrea drinkers they are
$C: Well he shits on my bed but let's not get bogged down by the details 
$C: It's possible but they can't flush because they don't have thumbs. 
$C: Not really started helping out a friend of the family while I was in highschool continued after graduating, but just until I figured out a career path, and well, 32 years later. But I enjoy what I do. 
$C: Ah so you're a drug dealer. Got it. 
$C: Dildos. You sell handcrafted dildos.
$C: [Answered.](https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/99hl0j/teachers_homework_policy/e4nzdnk/) Nothing fancy, just a one-man band for my e-commerce website.
$C: Sounds like you wouldn't be doing what you love
$C: *snort* I can't decide if it's a delightful nickname or a dumb one.
I'll go with delightful cuz it made me smile. 😊💖
$C: Well I mean if you count after midnight being the second day...
$C: I highly doubt my body could take that. 
$C: I'm going to school part time. It's been slow going but I have been developing skills in other areas. Did a little bit of tech work last year but it was boring as shit and if I'm not being challenged at work I don't last. 


$C: I hate when people don't get back to me, even if it is bad news I can't do it. In this case I could, and I have this problem where I spend money so I rarely turn down making it. 
$C: Yup I'm supposed to be on 4 10's, but I've been picking up an extra shift plus an extra at my old job while I train my replacement on the weekends. So eventually things should settle down and before I know it business will drop for the winter and I'll be needing more shifts again haha
$C: Well it's a relatively new job. The owners a bit of a clean nut which is kind of a pain in the ass. But I like the Chef and even the Sous is relatively cool as far as those types go. I'm mainly there to learn and because it is challenging. 
$C: banana?
$C: Look for something else. most places will offer more if you announce your leaving. My job did that twice now.

All of a sudden a raise for me was available.

Don't speak up for yourself and guess what 90% of bosses wont bother for a raise
$C: ..I made $9.50/hr in college at McDonalds.. get a new job dude.
$C: i did my homework. i can read and right just fine.
$C: I prefaced my argument with "let me try your method".

Arguing that kids learning to work hard and pursue an answer/solution outside of being told to is a far cry from children making nickels in a sweatshop. which is what he compared homework to. 

Why are men and women who must both work full time to afford a child even HAVING them then?
$C: France has a 35 hour week. 

While I don't deny that diminished returns exist after a certain threshhold. How do you explain the massive gap between US productivity and Italy and France and most other nations?
$C: What OP was saying, in your words, is:

"Living in a capitalist society doesn't preclude you from having a work life balance."

The inverse of the claim is:

"Living in a capitalist society precludes you from having a work life balance."

Do you understand why talking about poverty and the lack of upward mobility doesn't support that? You're literally trying to oppose a statement about *everyone* by talking about *some people*.

The fact that capitalism doesn't guarantee a work-life balance, or that it makes having a work-life balance difficult, does not mean that it prevents it.

---

> low income workers have to work 60 hours a week to exit poverty, and 25% of our population works those jobs.

Low income worker =/= person living in poverty

> work the hours they choose

You seem to be confusing "healthy work-life balance" with "choosing your own hours." That only works when you have a lot of expendable income that you can forgo - a deflatable lifestyle, so to speak. This can only be achieved for the majority with a universal basic income, and is actually one of the major problems with the idea. If everyone could work 10h/wk and have enough to get by, things would spiral out of control quickly because too many people would want to work too few hours to actually get anything produced at a price low enough for those people to afford it. Obviously, if you have insane productivity, that problem goes away; but I think we're a couple centuries away from that.
$C: That's just markedly not true. It's up to the individual company owner on how they choose to run their business, that inherently means that these things are possible under capitalism. Anecdotal evidence, and strawmans don't change that.
$C: "It's not capitalism unless employers are squeezing out your labor and leaving you out to dry"

"Socialism is when steps are taken to give workers some comfort"

Imagine believing those unironically.
$C: This couldnt be more true. Capitalism is toxic when left alone. The US is a lukewarm place for workers on average because of the regulations. Terrible in the big cities. That's just talking paying rent and utilities. 
$C: No, that's the dictionary definition of capitalism. 

I mean, there's a huge variance in application of it... variance in market regulation, redistribution of wealth, business oversight, and social welfare programs, but capitalism itself just means private rather than public ownership of the means of production.

You're conflating capitalism with corporatism.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Yay, I'm a fast learner.
$C: Well that's a first
$C: I think it's more of a rural school thing. Senior year I transferred to a high school in town and the school district was like a 6 mile diameter circle around the school which was pretty big seeing as the town I'm in now is like 25 square miles and has 4 or 5 high schools so their districts are probably a bit smaller. Before senior year I spent high school in a rural school who's school district was more like a circle with a diameter of 15-20 miles which encapsulated a few small towns that had plenty of kids to pick up but not enough to justify their own school so they may pick you up on the way out and drive you around another 20+ miles picking kids up along the way.  
$C: That's rough. Interesting how schooling is so different in different areas of the country, assuming you're in the USA. 
$C: I think this is a narrow view of what goes on. For A and B items mentioned, while those exist, there is more than just 2 situations. There are also workplaces where they know you will work 12 hours at x salary, situations where they don't give a crap either way, and a myriad of other situations. 

There are *plenty* of people who work 12 hour days for years on end and still don't progress. 

>No sane person ...

I don't think that is an accurate view of things. People will do that kind of thing because they are afraid, either of not being able to feed their kids or they are pushovers or other reasons that humans have. 

>people that bust their ass, work 10-12 hour days and it shows...

That situation exists but to put it into that kind of dichotomy, is to view work in general with rose tinted glasses. 
$C: We're talking about salary. 
$C: Make it a 40 hour week. Be at school 9-5 (or whatever hours), and do homework in the breaks between classes. A full course load is rarely more than 20-25 hours a week total (lectures, tutorials, labs) so that's a lot of downtime you can use to do homework and projects. Even when big projects are due/exams/etc just adding 5-10 hours a week is a lot easier to handle than if you've spent your breaks socializing and pushing your homework until the evenings or weekends. 

I got through my second university degree this way and had most weekends and evenings fairly free.
$C: Grades do matter in high school when it comes to things like college admissions and scholarships. 
$C: Already happened with the V2s.
$C: When I was going through High school, rule of thumb was about 30 min of homework per period, with 6-8 periods a day depending on the year.  I was usually able to get through it a bit faster than that most nights, but I know of others who weren't so lucky and it took longer.
$C: Guess you didn't have 20 page labs to write up. What degree did you get? Communications?
$C: Fair enough, but I doubt not having homework through 12th grade will make that any better.
$C: No, you can't. Typical problems in calculus 2+ can take over 15 minutes to solve. 
I agree with the sentiment on block classes, but you are totally wrong on math. 
$C: I have a degree in mathematics. I've taken far more than just algebra.
$C: Well there's a happy medium between no homework and giving busywork that doesn't teach you anything. I liked those types of classes. Unfortunately I majored in math, and if you got a cheat sheet, it just meant your exam would be hard as fuck.
$C: Is a STEM minor just electives in the same general concentration? My engineering program didn't really have minors, it was basically all engineering courses and death by your own choosing for electives so I took whatever was interesting (orbital mechanics, advanced stress analysis, etc).
$C: .
$C: Lazy
$C: Gave gold anyways. I don't lie about these kind of offers.
$C: Old reddit tradition is to FTFY, for example;

>Oh definitely, I'm lazy for sure.
FTFY
$C: Everyday I go to work I have a SMH moment when I learn how much manual work people are doing. Management wants me to automate; the staff are afraid that I will automate them out of a job, not realizing that it will just free them up to do other, more productive tasks.
$C: Too bad when a developer creates a utility, they have to share it with their peers, show management, write a blog about it, then make it open source and throw it up on github. 
$C: Son, when I was a young boy I sold Grit.
$C: Ugh, if I had to work 'til like 9 after coming home from 8 hours at the office, I...well I wouldn't. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: Even in university I felt like this. We got assignments for everything. We had to watch a documentary? Write down a 3 page essay explaining what you learned. Every other week we had reflection assignments for coach groups. Combine that with end of year papers, bachelor thesis, and exams every few weeks. It was so stupid, I felt like 1/4th of my schooling was me writing assignments. It was medical school, and the funny thing is some of our core subjects were barely taught, like anatomy. I didn't mind working late, but what I did hate was useless work. University has become far more schoolish than it used to be. It's like they don't trust you to learn anything unless you write an essay about it.
$C: Heh. Some could say the same about IT. ;-)
$C: a LOT of that is absolutely useless bullshit
$C: This.

Granted being an adult is much harder than when I was in college, I actually feel like I get to enjoy the free time I have. The "real world" is treating me pretty well. Ill take 40-50 hour work weeks over class and papers any day 
$C: I still have nightmares from high school about missing an assignment or forgetting an exam. Have never had one about missing work or forgetting something at work 
$C: Yeah basically this. I am a college student but I also work part time during the school year and full time during the summer. In the summer I have so much free time that I don’t know what to do with myself, even though I’m working 40 hours (not counting the commute). I can’t wait to be done with school. 
$C: After graduating and having a full time job already, for the first few months or a year I kept having dreams that I have an exam or assignment due. I was so relieved to wake up from those dreams, realize I only work from 7 to 15, and unless the production website is under DDOS, I don't have to even think about work until the next day. No assignments, no studying, just me time.
$C: and not have as many stupid regulations most likely to deal with or 15 bosses many of which can be assholes. Yeah wait till you get to the real world with some stupid regulations and like 1-2 bosses that can be an asshole you'll be begging for the objectively worse situation back! said no one ever
$C: 45 hours a week; you’ll soon be labeled a slacker and will have your boss riding your ass. If you aren’t working at least 12 hours a day, in the office, you’ll never go anywhere. 

(For some jobs, depends on what you do. Engineering, leaving by 8pm can be problematic, even if you are in by 6.)
$C: Homework assignments for teachers that they get berated for not doing? Like grading students assignments? 
$C: It's called grading lol
$C: Isn't teacher homework grading assignments....
$C: I'm older than you, I suspect. 

I was just physically beat into submission. That's what was done.

I can't do that to my kids.

Gotta listen to em. Gotta be in their corner. That doesn't mean blindly defending them. If they screw up, we'll talk about it in private, though, not in front of teachers, etc.

If I am not willing to do something, it's not reasonable for me to ask them to do it.

(This is also how I spent a week in my youngest's English class. The teacher eventually saw things my way.)
$C: They cut summer down by weeks to make up the 'lost' education time.
$C: The homework load turned him off cross country. He loves to run.
$C: However, that's optional. It's not a legal requirement for you to attend University.

Additionally, you can extend the years at University to spread the word load out.

There are choices.
$C: I got a job at 15. The family needed money. Half my paycheck went towards food for the house. 

Worked 3 hours per day after work, and then 8 hour shift on Saturdays.

But, I also didn't have 5 hours of homework per night.
$C: Just giving breaks is no solution to work life balance.  You will work 60 hours a week, then ever 6 weeks have 2 weeks of breaks it's untenable.
$C: But, as I've pointed out elsewhere. University is optional. High School is required by law. (Or GED, if we're honest)
$C: Yes. That was decades ago. I remember it being about 1 hour total, for all classes.
$C: When did you have time for a hobby? When did you see your non-school friends? When did you eat and bathe?

9:30 to 6:30 is 8 hours. That's less than what current science indicates is best for teens.
$C: Yeah, because you had no time to organize on your own.
$C: The 40 hour work week is the standard in the United States. Other places in the world have different levels.

If you're doing 60, and not getting OT, your work is ripping you off.


$C: Indeed, but medical school is optional. Primary education is legally mandated.
$C: Well it props up patriarchy, for starters
$C: 
Yeah first year eng kicked my lazy high school ass into shape. But this is kinda true of  all eng students https://i.imgur.com/LA4LSEy.jpg
$C: Just restate the intro and then something like "as demonstrated by point 1 and 2"
$C: I think the biggest thing here is just to start, it doesn’t have to be genius off the bat. Just getting started and having something down is a great first step and usually pushes you over the hump of finding where to start. You can always go back and fix/rewrite after!
$C: Do you mind sharing what the things that convinced you were? I have a couple of relatives that are like this as well, I totally agree that it's not as dire as they make it and some people are much better at different learning/professions. it-IE my brother who didn't go to college and is kicking my degree-havin-ass salary wise haha
Also I could never do a skill job like an electrician etc because I have no brain or motor function for those jobs so I'm glad other people do! Just curious what you made you feel so strongly against
$C: Exactly. Im one of the people who do as little school work as possible, and being friends with the teacher is a main thing you need if your gonna try to be lazy.

Edit: spelling
$C: That's to fit it in four years. Mine is the same, except in the 20s. So the average student spends 5 years at the school. The advisers recommend 12-15 credit hours/semester too.
$C: First two years almost every professor said it to us.  After that, they didn’t care, so the work, don’t do the work, it is irrelevant, your grades will speak for themselves. 
$C: It’s actually kinda sad. I can’t imagine being like that. Thank goodness none of us are.
$C: kinda different my mom forced me to go to conferences once and all of my teachers asked why we were there lol
$C: I never used to show my work for math problems. It drove my teachers nuts and to make matters worse, when challenged on the issue I would simply reply that it was, "because I'm a frickin genius" in the voice of Steve Buscemi from Armageddon. My calculus teacher had a melt-down in class one day over this.
$C: I have 5 minutes but teachers get mad if your more than 2

$C: The hallways were so crowded it was impossible to move and no time to go to my locker either for real. 
$C: Good man
$C: Tell me about it. Kids enter my classroom completely unaware of what college is like and I do my best to show them what it'll look like (my advanced course is quite literally the same pacing and content as college physics).

I don't know what else I can do to prepare them besides the long conversations we've had about the topic, and the constant push to be critical thinkers, self-motivated learners, and hard workers.

Any ideas? :)
$C: Of course you are correct. However this is not the reality of teaching.
$C: Sure, but how far apart (in time (in months/years)) are those prerequisite math classes & the physics class?
$C: Yeah I remember doing a lot of that too lol
$C: I think you mean salutetorian 
$C: “Lazy” or they just don’t feel the need to do extra work on a subject they understand and should be enjoying their few years of childhood instead 
$C: We're not lazy, we just know that we have things to do that are frankly more important to our success than doing the even math problems on page 566.

We don't sit around and play video games either btw
$C: Yeah I dropped out at 14, never did my homework, had god awful time management skills etc. 18 now and working part time. Never missed a day or showed up poorly made, always been on top of my work. Why? Cuz when Im done, I go home and that's it. I working while Im expected to be in the building, everything outside of that is private and entirely my business. I actually have a work/life balance which school did \*not\* let me have.
$C: Yeah definitely not that much. No where near 99% of students even ride the bus, least not where I'm from. 
$C: That's a very valid point. I guess I'm saying that teachers don't exactly really know their students, unless I guess you make an effort to be known. But yeah, it is nice to be in that state of praise. Even just receiving small notes on the packets I'd get back would make my day honestly. 
$C: I should’ve been more obvious that it was an exaggeration but I do feel a majority didn’t like to do their homework at home. However my brother didn’t do good in class and hated homework so obviously my parents forced him to do it 
$C: That all comes down to the curriculum the school has. I'm a maths teacher in London, and some places I've worked at have felt like you describe - the scheme of work was so bloated and crammed in that you couldn't slow down for one lesson else fall behind.

There's a big shift at the moment to more exploration of subjects rather than intensive rote learning, but it will still depend on the approach of your school/teacher.
$C: I personally still disagree with this method.  I think you know who doesn’t have an adult reading to them without the chart.  And it’s yes, it’s the parents who frantically remembers the log Friday morning or at bed time.  Or repeats every night, did you fill out your reading log?  Can I see it?  Please go get it.  Times 3 kids or more.  Add a math log in too.  It’s draining and unnecessary.  I’d rather be reading or just hanging out with my kids the 3 hours a night I get with them than checking off lists.  Not to mention that you just proved my point that it’s really homework for parents to see who’s reading with their kids which I also resent.  Again, I don’t think that log is shedding a light you wouldn’t have already seen, especially with all the assessments that are done throughout the year.  

I’m not trying to pick on you, I just have found the reading log has become SOP and flawed logic in many ways.   
$C: That sounds nice!

I wasn't knocking anything.  I teach 8th grade.  I understand, believe me.  I just personally dislike the phrase "Work smarter not harder" as it sends the wrong message in the end (at least to teens, who tend to use it as a slacker's mantra). 
$C: Did you know: /r/MarmiteBadgerGoneWild exists, and you should help me create content for it!
$C: Can you fit me in next week? I broke my suspension again :(
$C: N-1 where N = the number oranges Sharon had before she game one to Jim.
$C: I'm one of those kids with a dad who was fighting for us in a nearly identical situation. Trust me that these things are not forgotten. Because I knew that one parent really loved me, no matter what happened in my life I was able to keep my self respect and self worth. 18 years later after the end of the worst time, I'm successful, happy, went to one of the best colleges in the world, and newly and happily married. Keep fighting for your daughter. Don't give up.
$C: That's heart breaking, dude. Just do your best and she'll be yours alone one day.
$C: Man this is so fucked it's infuriating.
$C: I'm so sorry you have to experience this struggle. What state do you live in? There are states that have a rule that once a kid reaches a certain age, their opinion in regards of which parent they want to live with becomes a very significant factor in court. The ages do vary. In my state the age is 17 which is kind of pointless in most cases in my opinion but there are states in which the age is 12, 13, 14 ect... I know she's still way younger but maybe things can change at some point before her childhood has passed.

I know it's **very** likely that you already looked into this factor but I was very urged to point it out at least. I would recommend looking into having her tesitfy her preference once she's deemed old enough for her judgement/statement to be taken very seriously. You should check out this article if you haven't looked into this. https://info.legalzoom.com/age-can-child-decide-custody-26187.html
(Edit: a couple small typos)
$C: ruh roh, you're breaking the narrative
$C: He has had three, he says in his post
$C: I certainly do. All of them will eventually from from old age if nothing else (else is extremely likely)
$C: you'll probably find that the kids who could do with the summer learning are the very ones who don't get the encouragement at home to go do it. 😔


$C: Ok, well, yeah if you take /r/libertarian and /r/childfree views into account then sure, we should not have public school at all, and thus there is no problem with moving to a four day week because "people shouldn't have had kids."  Gotcha.  

I think I understand your view now and there really isn't anything else to say.  This has been fun, good day my good sir.
$C: Wholesome reddit.
$C: No, I mentioned it in my original comment.
$C: Yeah im definitely a fan of homework not counting towards your grade, except maybe participation. And it sounds like you and op understood the material enough to feel confident in skipping the homework. I was talking more about the kids who skipped it and didn't understand the material since that always seemed to be the majority. 
$C: Tell that to the cops when you're arrested, you criminal!
$C: You cheated.
$C: tl;dr younger students need to memorize certain things to succeed. repetition is a superb way to memorize. older students could benefit more from creative assignments.

you're forgetting that we're talking about young children at this point I think. 4th graders and older should definitely be assigned homework (in my opinion) in math, science, grammar, spelling and possible social studies. not every subject every night but if you're learning multiplication and you don't practice times tables for homework then you will learn slower than students who do practice their times tables. so for my definition that is not busywork. maybe you think learning how to multiply is not crucial for education and practicing it for homework is a waste of time and in your eyes busywork. if that's the case then we just don't see eye to eye.

when you learn your times tables you do it until you can't get it wrong. and that repetition and memorization is *crucial* for learning higher math. if you don't have your multiplication facts memorized you will suffer greatly when trying to learn pre-algebra and algebra 1 and beyond not to mention in high school chemistry and physics.

 I get your point that busywork exists. I agree that it does and I would also agree that doing 40 math problems of the same type (maybe graphing linear functions in y=mx+b form for example) is a waste of time later in a student's career. at that point homework should include review of past topics and more challenging questions that force students to be creative and imaginative.

 the point I'm trying to make here is that it isn't busy work earlier when students are trying to memorize things that are really important. They will need to have single digit multiplication memorized for the rest of their lives and the best way to memorize that is rote practice.
$C: I cited actual data, demonstrating that approximately half of schools start after 8 and half of them start before 8, and you're saying that because you went to three schools (presumably in the same district) that started earlier you don't believe that? What's so hard about believing that your district falls in the *other* 50%? Seriously, this is a serious failure of logic. The reality is that schools starting close to 7 are a minuscule minority, though, and it sucks that you got so unlucky.
$C: [deleted]
$C: I was referring to a clinical doctorate. There are some programs that have problems with grade inflation but I did not find that to be an issue with my program. 
$C: Im not willing to blame parents or teachers in general, everyones situation is going to be a little different. I am willing to blame our piss poor standards as a country. Teachers could use more pay and parents could use more time off though, thats a good place to start.
$C: Ok but thats learning how to research, it has nothing to do with practicing history. You can practice research I guess, but in no way does that make a research subject something to practice.
$C: [deleted]
$C: I really like what you said about teachers and people convincing themselves they are “bad at math”. I do think that this is also perpetuated by parents and the fact that the students spend most of their time practicing at home. It’s kind of like if an individual played a sport and the coach was only involved in games and then the coach told the kids to go home and do certain drills to practice. Having the coach there during the practice to help encourage and guide the athlete is essential and I think math and pretty much any kind of learning is similar. Especially at a young age.
$C: What exactly is it you do in life that requires large amounts of instant multiplication of small numbers?
$C: [deleted]
$C: [deleted]
$C: [deleted]
$C: [deleted]
$C: Whatever is relevant to you, you will reinforce or discover through it's relevance to you. In other words, if you wouldn't have learned (skill or topic) unless it came up in school, (skill or topic) doesn't matter to you anyway.
$C: What? They didn't contradict themselves so why are you confused?
$C: Are you joking me? Are you nitpicking - you know exactly what I mean. 

And settle down - no need to stomp on your keyboard like I killed your dog. And what part of the ap exams and the new core concepts don't revolve around knowing heaps of information?

Out of all subjects, reading material is by far the longest for history classes. If you taught history you know exactly what I'm talking about. 
$C: Even in college. Many of my classes were basically a semester math compressed into half a semester. I remember taking around 3 pages of dense notes regularly. Did that give us enough information to do well on tests? Oh hell no.
$C: You know the countries who have the best educated students have already adopted this sort of thing, as well as gotten rid of things like factory bells to start and stop classes, breaks and lunches, sit in grids of desks, etc... The US is just late to the game. Anecdotes don't trump research. And again this is elementary school, not high school.
$C: Certs arent for the company though, they are for you. You dont have to get them, the company can just hire somebody who will.
$C: It must be nice having such a low IQ
$C: If homework ties into classroom mastery, it is useful. It is busy work that is a waste of time. Higher level classes know this and the homework that is assigned is useful but in most of those classes there is still a greater emphasis on results (can you show mastery on a test).  
$C: The racist reveals himself. We should probably just do a phrenology examination before admitting students to educational institutes right?

Yeah, shut the fuck up. 
$C: Do you have any data which actually shows a causal (note, that is causal, **not** casual) link between demographic changes due to immigration with drops in student performance? I'm happy to accept that if there's data, but I think you just confused correlation with causality. Or you were just being racist. *Probably* that one, but unlike you, I don't assume.
$C: do you practice math when you do math homework or?
$C: [deleted]
$C: Year 7 here too with a similar stash for an identical reason! Did we just become best friends? I think we just became best friends.
$C: It has changed in the short 7 years I've been teaching. My first 4 years I insisted on homework and had incredibly high fail rates. Flipping my classroom has cut my fails from over 50% of each class to around 25%. I'm glad we came around to the same page, this is exactly why discourse is so valuable. I took your original reply far too personally when I went and did that research for you. Thanks for hearing me out.
$C: You straight up told me you wouldn't bother reading the research. THAT'S why you're dismissed. You won't even engage in good faith. Your age has no factor into it. 
$C: And your post really reek of complacency and laziness. You shouldn't pass that burden on to kids. 
$C: Check his comment history. He's a troll. Just ignore him and move on. He argued in bad faith and has to straw man anyone he talks to in order to feel like his argument is valid.
$C: To be honest I’m not all that shocked, when I saw the u/Fuck-Fuck put whoosh on a heartfelt comment about a time someone failed a class for no real reason I had flashback to all of the hyperactive, trigger happy r/thathappened kids 
$C: Agreed. 

The work I do as a professional is much more time consuming and difficult than the homework I was assigned in high school. However, because it is in my field and I make money doing it, I find it more rewarding.

Also, coming into work unprepared is a terrible one. If homework teaches one thing, it's that work is not a pleasure if you don't know what you're doing, and it's obvious to everyone you work with that you aren't competent.
$C: Job kids wife retire makes a man want to die in a fire.

You gotta find stuff for you that makes your life fun and all that other shit totally worth it. It's really only a depressing situation if you aren't honest with yourself about what would make you happy in my opinion.
$C: Oh honey
$C: It's also not at all true, high school was one of the easiest times of my life. College was harder, working at startups was harder, starting my own company was harder, and so on. Let's not even get into family demands on your time...

Edit: that sounds kinda bleak. It shouldn't; life is also infinitely more rewarding nowadays. It was the easy parts that were boring and a little trite.
$C: I laughed to hard at this...now im sad... 
$C: It’s as the philosopher Albert Camus says when talking about the mythological figure Sisyphus.

> I leave Sisyphus at the foot of the mountain. One always finds one’s burden again. But Sisyphus teaches the higher fidelity that negates the gods and raises rocks. He too concludes that all is well. This universe henceforth without a master seems to him neither sterile nor futile. Each atom of that stone, each mineral flake of that night-filled mountain, in itself, forms a world. The struggle itself toward the heights is enough to fill a man’s heart. One must imagine Sisyphus happy.

Sisyphus is doomed to forever push a boulder up a hill and continuously fails to get it to the top before it rolls back down. Life is pointless, ridiculous, banal and absurd; Do what makes you happy and never stop looking for happiness.

That also being depression isn’t always easy to deal with, and if this does get to you, please look for some support. I only mention this quote because it’s something, I’ve found that helps me day to day.
$C: Depends on what you do with your time, it's only depressing if you waste your time.

Edit: happy cakeday
$C: Like a mother fucker never seen menace 2 society 
$C: Some people find school so hard they kill themselves. Don’t forget all the hormones that make you bat shit crazy during those bar shit crazy years. 

There’s been six high school suicides in my city since summer break ended. Please don’t make a possible number seven think that shit gets worse, when it can get much better. 
$C: Taking jobs where you work less is also good too. Dentists work about 4 days, pilots do only 8 flights a month. Just gotta find what’s right for you.
$C: This is basically my plan. I graduated this year and am putting as much as I can to paying off any debt and investing aggressively. My goal is age 45 as I graduated later than most. I’m ok with a little debt if it’s generating income. Such as real estate. But I’m throwing as much as I can into various ETF’s etc. and hoping to acquire some real estate to rent out to diversify my investments as much as I can. 
$C: How’s your crypto working out for you?
$C: /r/financialindependence 

I wouldn't put too much of your portfolio into crypto. It's good for hedging against economic failure or something but not that good as an asset or currency. 
$C: /r/wallstreetbets 
 
$C: Market recessions potentially killing your income, 401k and other stock investments (also assuming inflation stays steady at 3-4% yearly). Not to mention if your standard large assets take an early hit (home and vehicle) and large debt with high interest (student loans and/or credit cards). Plus climbing bill payments in gas, electric, communication, vehicle insurance & vehicle gas/maintenance.

Many will also run into personal, family and pet healthcare problems. Also, ifyou have a child go ahead and hack another ~$100,000 of that total. Hopefully you're not married either because you either increase your lifetime liability or have to pay out the ass in a divorce.

Wrap all that up in a pretty package ... and then tie it with a bow of hope that you don't get hit by law suits, scams or shady businesses
$C: [deleted]
$C: Don’t do this. 

Life is happening now, so live it now. 

It’s not worth pushing happiness down the road. No one knows what that road looks like in and after your 40s. If you’re healthy and young now, take advantage. Make every second count. 

I’m not saying don’t prepare for your future. Definitely do. Just don’t disallow yourself happiness in the present. 
$C: Can I be your adopted sister please? Or your wife? Whatever you prefer. We could hang out and you can choose which one you would prefer  me to be. Sound good?
$C: Oh, my sweet summer child
$C: Some of that is why religions are a thing.  Some people can’t accept this is all there is.
$C: I guess I meant more physical work. School for 7 hours and homework for another 4. Only about 6 hours of sleep and its rinse repeat. No one unless they’re a business owner works that hard after high school. 

College is so easy that kids don’t know ehat to do so they take part in political activism because why not
$C: Stanley you crush your wife during sex and your heart sucks 

Boom roasted.
$C: Look around. Lots of people have no aspirations, direction, or skills. They do the bare minimum to enable another day of pointless existence, then bitch about the fact that they have to provide for themselves.
$C: What benefits? 
$C: Wow youre cool correcting people grammar pn reddit. Here man why dont you correct my thesis on why all pf you morons are failed english majors who wasted away daddys money for their degree.

Gtfo my thread
$C: Fair enough.  Good on them.
$C: Everyone's friends are either in jail or dead.
$C: I work in the cyber security industry atm.
$C: Yep, I feel your pain! After her 2.5-3 months off for summer she whines about having to go back to work and I would just tell her to suck it up when I was working 5 days a week full time hahaha
$C: Yeah because of all the work I had to do in high school I was completely burned out by college and my first year I got on academic suspension haha. Over the years I came to love learning and reading more, so it's not an issue anymore, but damn it was horrible.
$C: How much material can they fit in a test that it takes 1 hour of studying a day unless a lot of the material is repetitive (in which case it should get really easy/quick at some point). I didn't even study 1 hour a day for my AP tests? Wtf? Your kid/you were either really slow in middle school or you are bullshitting me. Grade school can only be so hard. For math, you would have to give me hundreds of questions to a thousand every day in middle school for me to have taken an hour to complete the homework. At that point it also becomes a pain in the ass to check and you can get away by not doing it because the teacher won't realistically check that for everyone in the class.
$C: I honestly don't know what the workload would be like in a class like this in high school,  but there's nothing here stating that you'd have any less work to do. Teachers in high school already struggle to fit in required curriculum within the school year, so I read this more from a standpoint of you'll still have 20 calculus problems to do unless you're already advanced.

As for the dumbass comment,  it was joking more than anything else. You didn't seem to comprehend the picture,  so you're obviously a bit slower than average and would still have work to do hurr hurr hurr.
$C: If you don't have discipline it's not from lack of doing homework...
$C: I've never benefitted in school from homework, I learned the material when I sat down and studied my own way. Homework just frustrated me because it felt like I was being forced to study, just let me do my thing, I know how to study and learn material, I personally don't need the homework.
$C: No idea, I was suckered into AP courses and other advanced things. Also seemed to got the worst teachers in some classes. Like history had one teacher that gave tons of homework, and the other teacher of the same course gave none.

And to be honest, I struggled with social aspects quite hard. That wasn't entirely the school systems fault but I really could have used quite some help there. But the workload definitely didn't help.
$C: Perhaps, In addition to that is having so many teachers think they have the only class that matters. "Oh I only gave about 30 minutes of homework." Despite it taking upwards an hour. And then add multiple teachers piling that on.

Projects were never interesting. Especially in groups as I typically got left with all the work.
$C: I am a kindergartner teacher and you wouldn't believe the backlash this decision has among parents. I refused to give homework to 5 year olds based on this research and my own philosophy. 

The parents could not comprehend it. Actually using the time to spend as a family seemed completely lost on them. It is sad that we live in a world where shoving homework down a 5 year old's throat trumps instilling a love of learning and upholding family values. 
$C: What? My highschool went from 7am to 3pm, or 40hrs a week. That's not including extracurriculars
$C: Because it shows what Pasco is like. That is 100% Pasco County no fancy TV tricks there. Its Florida's meth lab.
$C: Pasco is bad for pascos reputation
$C: Hillsborough has Temple Terrace though, and any USF student will tell you a good story or two.
$C: Pasco County is bad for Pasco’s reputation. 
$C: Draw a line from Indianapolis to Lakeland. Anything within 25 miles of that line is likely infested with meth.
$C: >Also isnt it supposedly a huge meth hub? Or is that just all of florida? 

Yes.
$C: i married into florida- divorced it five years later, but after nine total years with a tampa guy and being around his family, holy shit. none of them even live there anymore and are scattered to bigger, more, uh, refined cities- dallas, dc, etc- but you cannot take the floridian out of them. drinking mouthwash for a buzz, fighting over nothing so loud that the cops show up, being very well versed in their rights once said cops arrive, multiple babies with multiple daddies (in multiple generations), believing a woman's place is in the kitchen barefoot and pregnant, rolling their own tobacco, insisting the coke is for a toothache, kidnapping their own kids to attempt outsmarting custody battles, counseling for the whole family when abuse of all kinds (all. kinds.) came out, an undying love for tacky-ass blinking multi-colored lights on the christmas tree... i can understand why florida makes the ridiculous news all the time. i dunno if it's meth runoff in the water or what but goddammit they're fucking crazy. i mean i loved the guy and a lot of the crazy was his family, but he has enough of his own that i just couldn't take it anymore. busch gardens tampa was awesome though.
$C: I think it's just that area for the most part, I live in Brandon, which is between Tampa and Lakeland, and that area is definitely known for that. Not to say there aren't other places in Florida with meth. There is a sketchy house a few houses down from me that is the address for several places of businesses all of which have the same few employees, there is also a paneled van that we see parked there often. We don't have any solid proof but it's on the street my step dad grew up on and he believes it's some kind of drug operation.
$C: > Or is that just all of florida?

Yeah, man.  It's all those septuagenarian retired chemistry teachers.
$C: Yes. 
$C: Meth has dropped big time in Polk County which is surprising.  There's even fewer people with jacked up meth teeth in Walmart, which is even more surprising!

$C: I assume "meth hub" = "easy contaminated pussy"... I'm lonely.
$C: I concur with this.  Let all the right-wing lunatics who keep voting in assholes like Rick Scott fend for themselves, instead of living off the money generated by South Florida.  Let’s see how well their policies work when they aren’t being subsidized by us.
$C: Should have done your homework.
$C: *crook county
$C: But did you listen to the band?
$C: Technically Chicago is in the county, and not the other way around.
$C: And it would be true. 
$C: Stop 🛑 
$C: Uh.. Well.. You stating that we bought Alaska from Canada tells me the rest of the country needs better education funding.. 
$C: We actually bought them from Russia - not Canada.
$C: From Canada. We have counties.
$C: If that were actually true then [this whole border dispute](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alaska_boundary_dispute?wprov=sfti1) probably would never have happened. It was bought from the Russian Empire.
$C: Why am I not surprised.
$C: Indeed they do! Separate state courts, separate representation + police (though these two don’t strictly follow county/borough lines), even different trash days. Edit: oh and a big and random one, different car insurance rates!
$C: And if you're in Tokyo it's broken down into wards
$C: TIL. If we have them in Manitoba, they're totally insignificant. The closest thing we have would be the Rural Municipality. 
$C: Kentucky and Tennessee too.
$C: Really? Where are they? I've just never seen one.
$C: You can see a map of all the districts in the state and their boundaries here: http://www.k12.wa.us/Maps/DownloadFiles/SchoolDistricts_2017_8x11_new.pdf
$C: No other states cities usually are part of a county.
$C: Oh god, it's my wife!
$C: Oh ok! I get what you’re saying now, thank you for clarifying! I think what we do now just puts too many expectations on the homework itself. Homework doesn’t actually teach kinds in elementary school time management. It may start to teach time management in middle school, but kids 5-12 just don’t have time management skills. They can work with time limits if you remind them, like if you tell them “you have 5 more minutes to finish your test”, they’ll know to speed up or go check work. But as far as little brains trying to sort out “ok I’ll spend 20 minutes on math, 20 minutes on reading, and 15 minutes on science because I allotted myself 55 minutes for homework”, it just doesn’t happen. 

The US is a mega offender of trying to get kids to do things that are above their developmental level. I agree that many parents are slacking off and the kids suffer, but I also think the way our school systems are structured are detrimental to children, too. Starting in elementary school, children are taught for the test. They miss out learning valuable skills (you mentioned time management, which would work for older children). Yes, some of the responsibility for teaching those skills falls on the parents, but kids spend the majority of their waking hours in school! 

Homework is often given because there just aren’t enough hours in the school day for teacher to teach what they’re told they need to. Teaching for the test. 

Looking at countries like Japan and Finland, we can see that their students thrive when they are given the chance to do hands-on, relatable work to learn lifelong skills. Instead of our schools being structured to pump out high test scores (which leaves kids stressed tf out, then they forget everything after the test anyway), they could be teaching our kids how to be successful humans. 


If you’ve read this far, thanks for tolerating me! Just want to add that I may ramble a little, but I do know what I’m talking about! I’ve been in school for what seems like forever now studying children. Child psychology, abnormal child psychology, childhood around the world, families and social change, effective teaching strategies, etc. Studying social work, sociology, and early childhood education side-by-side lets me see all kinds of interesting views on school/homework/etc! Understanding how little minds work really helps!
$C: Did he use a rifle?
$C: ya don't say
$C: Thanks Thomas. 
$C: Why what the heck is updog!?
$C: That keeps fucking your wife?
$C: I have nipples, Greg. Can you milk me?
$C: Fair enough. I just feel like small business owners are like stay at home moms on Facebook: they chose to start a business/have a baby, but feel the need to make sure *everyone knows just how motherfucking hard it is*. If being a small business owner is tons of work for no money, why not take your skills and get a 40 hr/wk job with a salary?
$C: Well it *is* known to the state of California to cause cancer, if that narrows it down for you
$C: I personally love it 
$C: Hey at least your Sunday opener isn't always late so every Saturday night you sit in the parking lot smoking blunts with your manager for a few hours waiting to open
$C: She went to the km later and said she couldn't understand why I didn't take the beer. Like c'mon I just worked 300 hours in a month, a sixer is just an insult. That was pretty much the beginning of the end at that place. I started drinking way too much and showing up late. Burned me out completely, didn't work for like 3 months after that. 
$C: Oof. That's rough. Well here's to hoping for full staff and a good fall. Have a good service and stay in school haha
$C: Stick with it then. You will learn a lot. They are your teachers.
$C: Already did that once they fired the main manager and hired a new one. I had a long conversation with her because one of the new shift leaders (who ended up being fired after 3 days for not showing up or answering her phone, still have no idea what happened to her) overheard me and another employee talking about finding a new job. I told her that it's now like starting all over again after 8 months, and how we still aren't getting paid very much, especially to deal with all of the bullshit. She said she would bring it up to the district manager and sympathized with us. But they absolutely would not give us raises even if we threatened to leave. They'll just hire other people from the tons of applications that have come in over the past 8 months since the store opened. 
$C: Wow I didn't know it was that simple!
$C: Hahahaha
$C: If you had read my comment then you would have seen that not once did I ever mention homework, and was arguing against 50+ hours of work a week. I don't know why you assumed I was talking about homework, since I never mentioned it once... 
$C: I mean, significantly higher unemployment rates and cultural differences (e.g. the amount of work that gets done during work hours, for example) might have something to do with it.

A related interesting question: France is more productive than the UK even though the UK has longer work weeks. Why do you think _that_ is?
$C: At the pace of productivity growth in the US, I would say we are less than 50 years away from needing to implement a serious universal basic income.
$C: > "Living in a capitalist society precludes you from having a work life balance."

I'm not arguing against this essentially unfalsifiable claim.  Feudalism had a class of people who had a very pleasant work life balance, the claim that a handful of people have pleasant work life balances isn't exactly a meaningful one

> Low income worker =/= person living in poverty

Did you read the study?  Because in their definitions that's literally the claim being made and supported by evidence

> You seem to be confusing "healthy work-life balance" with "choosing your own hours." That only works when you have a lot of expendable income that you can forgo - a deflatable lifestyle, so to speak. This can only be achieved for the majority with a universal basic income, and is actually one of the major problems with the idea. If everyone could work 10h/wk and have enough to get by, things would spiral out of control quickly because too many people would want to work too few hours to actually get anything produced at a price low enough for those people to afford it. Obviously, if you have insane productivity, that problem goes away; but I think we're a couple centuries away from that.

We've had enough productive capacity for everyone to meet their basic needs working 10 hours a week for a century.  There's been this claim forever that people have to work themselves to death, but it's demonstrably false.  We produce 20 billion dollars worth of goods a year in the US.  Producing 1/4 of that would still leave 5 billion dollars of goods for 300 million of people.  I could survive very comfortably on 16 million dollars worth of goods and services a year
$C: Lol what are you talking about?  You're just throwing around terms to describe fallacies.  Yes, capitalists choose how their businesses run, that's irrelevant to the conversation.  

Look at this study: [https://static1.squarespace.com/static/551caca4e4b0a26ceeee87c5/t/57b8b2eb59cc6886da01d449/1471722219791/The\_Working\_Poor.pdf](https://static1.squarespace.com/static/551caca4e4b0a26ceeee87c5/t/57b8b2eb59cc6886da01d449/1471722219791/The_Working_Poor.pdf)

25% of americans have low paying jobs.  To escape poverty they would have to work 60 hours a week.  They can either choose to work 150% as long as the average salaried employee, or live in poverty.  That's not a healthy work life balance, even if we imagine that they're somehow in a position to negotiate their hours with Walmart (which, if you've ever studied economics or worked a low wage job in your life, you'd know isn't how most companies function, and that's just economic rationalism)
$C: Lmao seriously. Maybe a little history homework is what they need as an adult
$C: To be fair in an unregulated economy (pure capitalism), employers can do that, and when \*all\* the employers do that.
$C: badger badger badger badger
$C: Hey, wait, not you...
$C: Yeah I definitely agree it’s a rural thing. I know it happens, I was just pointing out that that’s not a common thing for most students. Most students are going to have between a 15-45 minutes commute. 
$C: Yeah, Southwestern PA here.  I remember when we heard rumors that some schools were going to a 4 days a week and no summer break model, which we thought was insane.
$C: >There are also workplaces where they know you will work 12 hours at x salary, situations where they don't give a crap either way, and a myriad of other situations.

Which falls under what I said, it's not sustainable for someone that isn't already making good money or wants to make good money... If they're doing it without those motivations, they're going to quit or get fired eventually.

>I don't think that is an accurate view of things. People will do that kind of thing because they are afraid, either of not being able to feed their kids or they are pushovers or other reasons that humans have.

Again, sure, but you're ignoring that some of these people are making very good money in these positions (which a lot of salaried positioned are, you can make good money while also hating your job fyi) and the money outweighs the bullshit... or, they're about to crack and quit or get fired. 

>That situation exists but to put it into that kind of dichotomy, is to view work in general with rose tinted glasses.

No dichotomy, people that put in those hours and those hours are quality, they get noticed eventually. And if the go-getters aren't getting rewarded, they're going to move on. 
$C: That sounds like a good strategy, thanks for sharing it with me!
$C: Scholarships are for the sort of people who care about their grades.
$C: College is worthless you’ll come out ahead buying a 30k business
$C: That sounds more akin to what I had, but even in my AP classes I realized most of it was just to show you either did the reading or had a loose concept of what was going on, outside of math. 

Hell, my calculus teacher my senior year, when I was diagnosed with stress induced migraines and insomnia (not from school, from college apps and golf tournaments) let me come in during lunch for tutoring and let me turn in my hw at the end of the week instead of daily. 

Not to say that all teachers are like this, but I honestly can’t fathom more than 2hrs a night on hw and I want to know where to avoid sending my children.
$C: Not college man, high school. People in this thread are talking about high school homework.

I majored in philosophy with a minor in education and am currently getting my masters in kinesiology.

I wrote plenty of long papers. 

I also did plenty of massive logic proofs, and even some small ones that were 8 lines that took me hours to solve. 

But again: we weren’t talking about university.
$C: Right, which is why I suggested smaller class loads as well, so kids have the time to work on "homework" within the normal 8 hour work day period, if that homework is assigned or not. Almost every college level course I've ever taken has never graded homework. You were expected to be self determined and if you were taking the courses you were taking the courses because you wanted to, not because you had to. Homework as an option that doesn't affect your grade would produce far more successful students.

This is why I also believe in the efficacy of self study and self determination at the high school level. Let kids figure out what they want to do and they will be happier. Instructors and guidance counselors should aide in that journey of self-discovery. Learning should be something enjoyable. If you are being forced to learn something you do not enjoy then you will just stop intaking information altogether.

For context and why I feel this way, when I was teaching college I had 6 hours a week in instructional time in my classes. I dedicated 2 of those hours to in class lab study and work time. Those 2 hours were far more effective in learning and a lot of students got their work for that week done in those 2 hours, or any additional time I had to give them for in class lab work.
$C: And you got through college by just showing up for lectures and exams without doing any homework, I assume? 
$C: Goodbye
$C: [removed]
$C: \
$C: Hey, don't forget to put my name on that before you turn it in
$C: Fuck
$C: Yeah now you just did lmao, but good on you
$C: 
>>Oh definitely, I'm lazy for sure.

>FTFY

FTFY
$C: Also, the 5000 man hours you just saved the company is rewarded with no extra pay, but now you have extra work to fill those hours 
$C: I don't work until 9. I will usually start again at 9 or 10 (after the kids are in bed) and work until midnight or 2AM. Wake up at 6:30 and do it all over again... With an hour commute each way.
$C: How much of that is self filing prophecy?

Ie if we had a decent education system, WOULD we have/need so many labourers, or could we have a workforce, as you put, smarter than becoming a factory worker...
$C: I guess you proved your point with your inability to break whatever this is you wrote into multiple paragraphs...
$C: At least you are getting paid for the useless bullshit.
$C: Heck, we have multiple internships along our program here. Big danger is to get attached to your workplace and get a job there, dropping out. You don't want to go back to class after them lol, they are pretty much vacations in comparison.
$C: I feel like maybe that’s the design of it all. Tamper expectations young. You end up feeling free when you work 45 hours (or more) a week. 
$C: That's toxic, too.

It's also unsustainable.

I tried that, it nearly cost me my marriage. Decided that no job was worth losing my wife, and told my boss as much.

Found a better paying job, that required fewer hours.

If you're doing 12 hour days, your company is screwing you.
$C: Without the homework they'd have a lot less to grade. It's a win-win
$C: who berates the teacher for not grading assignments? like really 1 goody good kid wanting constructive feedback lol. 

My algebra 2 teacher had the best system. beginning of Thursday switch your hwk with your neighbor and grade it. Saved him so much time and kids could ask questions afterwards when the problems they were having were still fresh in their minds. 
$C: Does it take them 5 hours a night? 
$C: That’s unfortunate. If it makes you or your kid feel better, there were nights my freshman year where I worked on homework until nearly 1 in the morning, but I found a way my sophomore year and on to make time for my school’s robotics team, and I eventually eased myself into leadership positions. It’s a great opportunity to learn time management, but I’m definitely not at all in favor of what your kid’s school is doing to him; I was just in high school 3-7 years ago and I get what it was like.
$C: "/s" means sarcasm. Also, I think there's a typo in that last sentence somewhere.
$C: I hear ya...High School seemed like forever ago.  Graduated HS in 1993. You were lucky.  I attended public school and I had a lot of homework 3-5 days of the week, but even the days where I wasn't looking at a ton of homework, there would still be a decent amount.  Definitely over 1 hour total.  

Unfortunately, I can't even tell you how long those 3 to 5 days per week of heavy homework were.  Just too long ago to remember, but it was probably 3 to 4 hrs.

Since I never had any children, I can't really enter the discussion because I just don't have experience seeing it from a parents point of view.  However, I figured I would ask you about your experiences and appreciate your answer.  :-)
$C: For a lot of kids, their sports teams or extracurricular clubs are their hobbies (quiz bowl, robotics, what have you). That's also where a lot of their friends are
$C: /s?
$C: ?????
$C: Wat
$C: What are you on about? Math patriarchy?
$C: Can’t tell if troll or just dumb
$C: Third year and beyond its not too bad still got labs and a workload but the class sizes are way smaller. Also screw first year Science classes. Textbook scams, online questions, multiple choice exams, and pop quizzes on stuff you already were taught in high school but executed poorly
$C: damn I'm an idiot lol
$C: Well personally its just all the non-essential classes that for me were just gonna hold me back (social science, math, all that). I struggled with that in public school, and I wouldn't want to repeat that. 

But for others, its just the bizarre expectation students have that they'll walk out of there with a job. The reality being that most will be at the most underemployed. A statistic often overlooked. 

Some trades have better salaries than a lot of college degree jobs have, so the false notion that to find success you have to go to college is also a big factor to me.

While not an issue for me, my parents offered to pay for my college, college can be hugely expensive, something that people don't realize is that college also costs your time. Massive portions of it. 

Then there's also the fact that going through college doesn't make you great at that field. Doing homework and passing tests doesn't translate into actual skill. You might or might not have the skill beforehand, but you'd be so much better off learning the field directly.

I've had other points but I've since taken down my site and replaced with a tool I made. 

https://qz.com/1054087/the-complete-guide-to-not-going-to-college/

That's a good resource for the points I make.

$C: To apply this to the real world: "It's not what you know, it's *who* you know."

Some people manage to get through life on merit alone. Hard workers, they just power through everything and get the job done and people notice. But you can be the perfect employee, if your boss doesn't like you personally that means you could get fucked over.

But if you're a shit employee and everyone loves you? People will protect your ass till it's gone too far that they can't protect you anymore, and even then sometimes it still helps to know people. You may get fired, but everyone will lie to your next boss saying you were a great employee to help you get your next job.

I left a job once where my boss didn't like me. I was leaving willingly, and I knew he wouldn't give me a good referral if I wrote his name down. 

The store manager who was rather fond of me agreed to be a reference, wrote me a whole thing about how great I am, pretended to be the big boss, and when they called to verify he talked me up. Landed the job.

Success is one part skill, one part luck, and two parts networking/connections.
$C: psssst it's a troll
$C: Ok what the fuck? So you have 5 minutes and you get in trouble if you use the allotted time? That's a bit messed up....
$C: I honestly believe people should take a  two year crash course for college then join as a freshman. That's why i am a strong supporter of starting at community colleges whether the credits count or not.
$C: How? Are there no longer prerequisites? When I was in school physics was a senior level class and I took alegebra I & II in 8th grade and trig as a freshman in high school. I know kids were all taking those math classes at different points based on their math skills but the kids who were still struggling with algebra as seniors weren’t taking physics. 
$C: It shouldn’t matter. Familiarity with the concepts behind variables and equations doesn’t erode that quickly. It’s not like forgetting the date of the Teapot Dome Scandal. 
$C: And it's generally copied from that one kid who does their homework while class is still going because shit be boring yo.
$C: Yo, we had this whole support system for this one advanced class in high school which we had to fill out packets, hours worth of work. We'd help each other out, if we were missing something. In exchange, when the other person needed help we'd help them out. It was actually pretty nice because we were working together even though it wouldn't be exactly considered allowed. 
$C: Thanks mate!
$C: Or they don't tell their teachers that they did their homework 5 minutes before getting to class.
$C: I feel like you've forgotten what I was arguing. All I said was 99% was too high. I'm not saying it's 0%. 
$C: I agree. I literally said they aren’t lazy. Many students buckle down and do the work, even if they don’t see value in it. That’s the opposite of lazy. 

I’m on your side here!
$C: My bus ride was over an hour. Best bet I was making good use of that obnoxious ride. Sorry to the teachers that had to attempt reading that mess!
$C: The government makes the learning program, and the worst part is even if the teachers want to leave some of it behind in order to explain the things that are more important overall they can't, because we are taught to study for the final national exams, and you never know what's in them. I think overall the learning system here is a mess, with little to no regard to either students or teachers. We have to cram for exams, without really learning anything, and then those 2 hours decide our future. It sucks. 
$C: Tell the slackers the motto only works for them if they are still succeeding. If they are slacking...are they really working smarter? lol I don't know how people teach middle school. They are so rude, self centered, and smelly. My 2nd graders are self centered, but it is a different kind...an innocent self centeredness. Good luck to you! 
$C: I don't know if I can find any badgers nearby, and I don't know Photoshop. ☹️
$C: I took this [snip](https://i.imgur.com/fv1fDqf.jpg) from a game earlier tonight, is this what I can expect from lady Badgers? 
$C: Bad bot
$C: You and 4 others
$C: Thanks for that, you really don't know how much it helps to actually hear from someone who has been in that situation and come out the other side in a good way. 
$C: I'm in England, Birmigham.

When she was 4/5 years old, she came running to me, 'When i'm 8 years old i can choose who to live with', have no idea who told her.

I have been hearing from people that you can go to court when the child is 8 years old over here and they can choose who to live with, but I've never got anything confirmed on it if it's true. 

I am going to find out when she a little older if this is true, because what i have searched online is pretty negative (for me anyway). 
$C: What narrative is that?
$C: Don't be a pedant, it doesn't help much.
$C: Nope
$C: You've basically given one solid example of where some repetition is probably necessary and are trying extend it to cover all elementary school. Learning multiplication is a few months, maybe a whole year at some schools. There's a heck of a lot more than just times tables.    
I've seen your other comments around, you're really harping on multiplication.   
  
And, no, blunt memorization is *not* crucial to learning higher maths. Not to say arithmetic isn't valuable and necessary, but elementary school arithmetic is almost incidental to higher math. Often they just use generic symbols. 
  
Blunt memorization isn't the same as learning once you get past the most basic level. Learning the how and why of the system is what's important. That way, even if you forget the exact formulas or whatever you can just derive it because you *actually* understand what it is.  
     
That's the difference compared to someone who can regurgitate a series of steps, but can't actually *do* anything with the math, can't map it to related subjects, or might not even recognize the material outside of the standard form. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: I think the sentence they were going for was

On average, the learning effect of homework on students is of such little value that it is not an important factor
$C: Well it's a problem, in general. I'm talking about the UK, but I suspect this extends to many other places too. Just blaming "standards" is a bit meaningless I think, as what happens next? Standards can't be raised without people to meet them, and that requires better parenting (as well as improved curricula etc). 

People often skirt the issue of parenting when discussing academic performance and such on the radio etc, and I think it's wrong. I'd rather call it out, not as the only thing to improve, but something to improve. 
$C: the 'doing' part is both the researching and the writing down of findings; both parts are improved with practice.
$C: At the end I said average employee salary and I compared it to the average bachelor's degree. Please read. And some engineers can aftervmany years of working. (2)
$C: Not feeling like a complete ignoramus in any meaningful endeavor whatsoever.
$C: >i linked a few already:

>https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1747938X16300628

>http://journals.sagepub.com/doi/abs/10.3102/00346543076001001

The same two. And neither supports your argument. The second, while older, is validated by the first(newer). 
$C: I personally don't know an HS or MS teacher in my district that does not give homework. As far as I understood the debate largely focused on Elementary schools when it came to whether or not it should be given or not. 

At the MS/HS level, I thought it was more about *how much* or *what type of* homework. 
$C: I was a TA for our E&M flipped course. Such a good model.

Although, I would say, from my personal experience, time spent in the classroom would definitely cut from time spent outside the classroom. I was a student in the flipped course for upper-level classical mechanics at undergrad level. 
$C: That's not even close to inquiry-based teaching/learning. 

By the way, are you completely incapable of reading the most important question I've posed in this thread?
$C: God damn, that is the answer of a soulless cunt that only sees thing through the lens of mathematics. You need to work on your social skills, champ. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: Well that’s true if you exclude any possible future in higher education or specialized careers. If we’re being realistic, those things do matter.
$C: 
>And settle down - no need to stomp on your keyboard like I killed your dog. And what part of the ap exams and the new core concepts don't revolve around knowing heaps of information?

Damn didn't realize I was stomping by capitalizing one word... must of struck a nerve.

But to answer your question, here's one of the readiness standard for 6th grade social studies in Texas

113.18. Social Studies, Grade 6, Beginning with School Year 2011-2012.
b)  Knowledge and skills.
(23)  Social studies skills. The student uses problem-solving and decision-making skills, working independently and with others, in a variety of settings. The student is expected to:
(A)  use a problem-solving process to identify a problem, gather information, list and consider options, consider advantages and disadvantages, choose and implement a solution, and evaluate the effectiveness of the solution; and
(B)  use a decision-making process to identify a situation that requires a decision, gather information, identify options, predict consequences, and take action to implement a decision.

So even a state with a less than stellar record of public education seems to think history classes should teach more than just information. Not to mention that above that is a set of history centered writing skills, and above that is a section on critical thinking skills. 

Of course you could also just admit your first statement was hyperbolic bullshit meant to garner attention, but I doubt you'll do that.


$C: That's not true at all. Eastern asian countries is the complete total opposite and they rank in the upper echelon. Also, everyone is talking about school in general here - although I still think its important to give homework in elementary (albeit not a lot)

You can't compare here and the Scandinavian countries who have a well balanced structure and deeper budget then the schools in the states. Ex. Small class sizes

I agree with you to a point but I'm strictly talking about what is needed to know in the US.   You have to read if you want to pass the AP history exams, you have to practice problems in math to retain knowledge, etc. 


$C: [deleted]
$C: Not even busy work, for AP Bio or APUSH we literally do not have enough time in class to cover all the content (apush especially)
$C: I mean, this guy is basically saying: "The reason we have bad schools isn't shitty textbooks basically written by the joke that is the Texas BoE, nor is it the overworked and underpaid teachers we employ...nope, the reason our schools suck is that we're putting uneducated kids into them. If we would just stop allowing uneducated kids to go to our schools, the problem would be solved!"

He's clearly one of those who dragged down scores.
$C: Can you *only* practice math by doing math homework?
$C: nah, it's better to have a two parent house, don't play dumb, if the parents have a toxic relationship then they should divorce. C'mon now! I'm not gonna lie and say single parents do just as good a job as two parents though. 
$C: Considering I also teach in LA, have the same passion to teach math as you do, and am also a gamer(yep I see you), I don't see why we aren't.
$C: Yeah no problem most people just downvote and walk away but I'm always willing to debate my position (and concede if proven wrong), thanks for actually reading what I wrote. 
$C: That's the whole substance of my argument though. Please move past that for one second and answer my second question. I want to know why I should value impersonal research over my own personal experiences that are large enough in number to be of statistical  significance if it was a study of its own. 


$C: I'm definitely aware it's some flavor of redhat.  I just like challenging them to articulate their shitlordery because it highlights that they have no substance.  It amuses me.  
$C: This is why  I hate reddit.
$C: :) it's really nice to be on common ground for once. 
$C: Cocaine and whores baby!!! 
$C: Fun gets old too.

Meaning. That's the ticket.
$C: 21 years old and still haven’t found mine. Only awesome part of the day is drinking wine at the end
$C: Sorry i don't have gold to give.

one of the best comments I've ever seen on Reddit.
$C: I work retail,  it's hell. 11 hours a day at work not including drive time.  It's getting old after 13 years now that I have a family. 
Tonight I just held my 16 month old in my arms singing him to sleep.   Best feeling in the world along side when I got married. 
$C: That is horribly depressing. Your kids and wife really don't make life fun? They're considered "all that other shit"? Why do men get married if they feel like that about their families?
$C: >Job kids wife retire makes a man want to die in a fire.

That's what happens when you copulate out of wedlock.
$C: i.e. not having kids or a fucking wife
$C: Yes?
$C: Your mom goes to college 
$C: What makes me happy... that’s a tough one. But thanks for Sisyphus. 
$C: That's exactly my point. Thinking high school (or any school) is as hard as it gets lacks perspective and experience in the real world. These people need to understand what a truly hard life looks like, and understand that going to school doesn't qualify as such.
$C: Every dentist I have ever met works 6-7 days..

Now yes, they COULD work less, but the drive for them to earn as much money as possible at all times seems to stop that.

​

Source: My wife is a dental nurse.. I've met a fair few dentists/surgeons.. seems the people replying to this have found the only non sociopathic dentists in the industry.. hehe
$C: Dentists may take appointments 4 days a week but they often participate in professional societies, do charity dentistry, and attend seminars on other days.  Also, they are always on call for emergencies.  :)
$C: And what's right for your mother
$C: A full time hygiene schedule, typically, is 3-4 days.  If you want to work more, lots of temp agencies and offices looking for part time help.  I love my schedule when I'm actually practicing.  
$C: [deleted]
$C: Source for the pilots? 
$C: [removed]
$C: [removed]
$C: > (also assuming inflation stays steady at 3-4% yearly).

You think 3-4% is "steady"? Inflation hasn't been close to that high for over a decade.

> Plus climbing bill payments in gas, electric, communication, vehicle insurance & vehicle gas/maintenance.

That's what inflation is, so you're being redundant.
$C: REEEEEEEEEEEE
$C: I'm in my 40s and will retire soon (while still in my 40s). I may or may not be as "barely literate" as that person, but don't underestimate the earning power of jobs that don't require much education. Trades, government jobs with nice pensions, etc. Some of them have a fantastic ROI, and these people can start earning right out of high school, rather than taking on debt for college and delaying working until  their early/mid 20s.
$C: [removed]
$C: Is sex on the table for both of those options?
$C: [removed]
$C: However, I do believe there is some power behind religion. I feel some people will still maintain their religion/life philosophy after death because they aligned with the morals so well (or picked and chose, whatever). And they will probably do their best to be their religion's "tooth fairy" once on the other side.

I mean, after I die... once I get bored (or over the sadness and anger at the world), I'll probably try to be some other peoples' guardian angel even if they don't know I exist. If they deserve it. 
$C: I wish this was all there was. I wish I could go back to that. I wish existence was a beginning, and an end. I wish I knew less. But once you gain knowledge, there is no going back unless you hit your head hard enough to forget. And the thing is, there's no reason to know either!!!! It's better if you don't. Less burdensome.

Anyways, Happy Travels.
$C: I am not sure where you are drawing your opinions from, but there are many professions where the work really kicks in after school. Sometimes I catch myself wishing I could go back to school permanently. Schooling was a breeze compared to the daily grind for me... so to speak.
$C: Nothing worth doing is easy. Those with an easy "college path" probably aren't working for anything worth it or useful, unless they're lucky enough to meet the right circle of people. For those without a charmed life, it only gets harder.

At least while you're in school, you have access to a support team. Hopefully family, as well as teachers and peers. Once you get older, if you're not fortunate enough to keep those connections, you get to suffer life by yourself. Eventually you lose everyone. People change and grow and people aren't always going to be compatible. All you can do is hope you can make a positive difference with every interaction you have with people that cross your path.
$C: [hehehe](https://tenor.com/view/leslie-david-baker-laughing-stanley-hudson-the-office-lol-gif-8480008)
$C: Thank God I don't have to add homework to my pointless existence.  
$C: Personal parking space. Led lights in his cubicle. A toaster as a bonus from the company. One of those handheld battery powered fans that go vrooooom.
$C: I get paid.   By not conforming to laissez faire approach of achieving mediocrity at best.  
$C: If you're not an English major in 2018 your job's already been automated. 
$C: [removed]
$C: Lol nice.
$C: Good habits like homework build discipline as a trait 
$C: Also easily fixable, just discipline yourself lol
$C: Yea I learned way more about history than math because I hated doing math homework and would read the history book instead of math homework when my parents told me to do homework.
$C: I struggle with social aspects pretty hard myself. Never thought about blaming homework though. I loved AP courses, and most of the kids in my classes seemed to have pretty decent social skills. Honestly, homework isn't what kept me from making friends.
$C: Hey if you hang near the expressway there are lots of gated neighborhoods full of people who couldn't afford to live in Hillsborough gated neighborhoods! 
$C: Wrong, Polk county is Florida’s meth lab. Pasco is just Florida’s nude retirement community. 
$C: If it's not Meth, it's Xanax 
$C: I live in Wesley Chapel in Pasco..I’m unaware of any meth labs that employ all the families here and I didn’t know meth labs were now setting up in outlets and outdoor shopping malls.

But I’m right in the border, no not on, in. There is a sign next to my house that says Welcome to Pasco county when I pull off 275 South and if youre going onto the ramp to get on 275 S, it says Welcome to Hillsborough so maybe the more you go in, the more Florida Man you get.
$C: Eh, some areas in Pasco aren't so bad, I grew up in an area in Pasco that was mostly residential areas, lakes and country folk but it expanded exponentially over the years I lived there and with the exception of having to deal with a few rednecks here and there it was actually pretty great, way better than the area in Hillsborough county that I had moved from.
$C: So true! I just moved away from that hell hole a year ago, best decision I’ve made in a long time lol 
$C: I was in hillsborough and am now in pasco. The nice side of pasco. I still think Polk county is worse. 
$C: As a Manatee county resident.. hey ya'll got any pills?
$C: I grew up in orange, we were always told Lake county was Florida’s meth lab lol
$C: I was a high school teacher in pasco county. It was almost my first and only year living there. What an experience
$C: No that’s Broward. 
$C: I got jumped outside a bar in that area you are correct sir. 
$C: I was born in Brandon and lived there until I was 25!!!! My parents and brother as well as the majority of my extended family all are still there! 💛Brandon 💛
$C: I lived in Brandon for about 2 years. In those 2 years I saw two separate drug deals between cars while sitting at a red light. 
$C: Russian here. yes you bought Alaska from us and we don't have counties as well as we don't have boroughs 
$C: Technically, yes, but they're not used for much and no one really gives a damn about them.
$C: In the East, yes.... But BC doesn't have any counties
$C: I’m guessing that’s a remnant of the French colonial system
$C: They’re Mormon?
$C: And North Carolina 
$C: Hays County is one that I know of. 
$C: I absolutely read the whole thing and I'm glad you took the time to write it.  

You've got a long way in convincing me that maybe my ideas aren't correct regarding this issue.  I appreciate your willingness to engage in polite discussion instead of just calling me a stupid pig fucker or something.

You can't use Finland as an example though because that country doesn't exist. Please see r/finlandconspiracy for proof.  Because it's on Reddit I KNOW it's true.
$C: Nope, airliner
$C: Nope. Fire. 
$C: Get trolled, libtard. 😎👌🍆💦💦🔥💯💯💯
$C: Yeah
$C: DrDisrespect BTW
$C: Ahh, the feeling when you make an obscure reference and someone you don't know recognizes it. You made my day. 
$C: It more along the lines of taking care of x amount of clients which averages 40 ish hours a week when this game are slow. When it gets busy I don't want to drop anyone because I know it will slow down again at some point. When it's busy sometimes I get the perfect storm of all of my clients having major projects at the same time so 16-18 hour days become a thing. 
$C: I live in California and that proposition makes 99% of everything labeled to cause cancer
$C: It's growing on me more and more, tbh. 
$C: Ugh I hate close to opens. Thankfully I don't have to do it much. 
$C: banana?
$C: yeah, he'll learn a lot more from them than he will from you lol

who the fuck are you to give advice, just assuming that strangers on the internet who work a lot are in poverty
$C: Best economy in decades, get a grip dude. If that's what you earn now and not even FT you are in for an unhappy surprise next recession.
$C: the OP was about homework bruh
$C: Weather?. France has wine and defense contractors as big producers. UK is basically known for finance and ......?
$C: It's very relevant because it means that the original statement is true. Once the statement was proven true, nothing else matters in the argument.
$C: This is complete nonsense. 

Businesses compete for employees the same way they compete for customers. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: Major Major Major Major
$C: MUSHROOM MUSHROOM
$C: Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo.
$C: College isn't worthless in its entirety. College isn't for everybody, but your stance is far too extreme imo, good luck becoming a doctor or engineer without going to college, where you could play far less than 30k, maybe not pay at all, if you get good grades in high school and get good scholarships. 
$C: I mean a business seems more risky. If your goal was to become a doctor or scientist, college is pretty nesscary, so it can't be worthless.
$C: The person you responded to was talking about college and then you said "senior year" with no mention of high school.
$C: Yep, that's because your professors assume you've been instilled with a work ethic in high school. If you graduate high school never having done extracurricular math homework and try to do the same thing in college, you're gonna have a bad time. Trust me, I tried that. 

Math is, by and large, taught in a way that turns kids off to it. That's unfortunate and we should fix that, but it will always require extensive practice to master. 
$C: Yeah im really guessing you didnt take too many difficult classes in hs. Calculus, ap bio, ap chem, ap us history, etc... required extensive outside studying to really master concepts. I agree with fewer classes, but outside studying is key. I would have welcomed a culture of not studying at home so that i could destroy exams relative to those who didn't.
$C: I'm of the opposite opinion. I actually posted a top level reply to this thread about how I significantly prefer homework to in-class work.

However, university level math homework rarely if ever relies on repetition. Each question you solve is completely different from the last one. You learn by solving a variety of problems, not the exact same problem over and over again with slightly different numbers.

I've also found that in my fourth year, most week-long assignments were less than 5 questions long. They are just 5 really difficult questions.
$C: r/unexpectedouija
$C: Leave me alone
$C: When you’re so lazy that you can’t finish your sente
$C: FUCK OFF, GHOST! I'm trying to sleep!
$C: Goodbye? Nah, fuck it. I'm already here. I'll stay.
$C: Why did I just hear the AOL voice?
$C: &nbsp;
$C: Dot
$C: To be fair- he didn't correct his post- so Had you not called me out- I wouldn't have gilded him.
$C: That's the spirit!

Also fuckin' formatting. 
$C: Shit, dude, that sounds like straight misery.
$C: [deleted]
$C: [deleted]
$C: Don't worry you're getting paid in education.

/s
$C: I just cut back to 12, so much better than before. Sadly, I’m serious. 

If I could find another job I’d take it. 

Edit : just finishing up for the day.  I worked 5am to 7:30pm today. 
$C: Planning, marking, answering parent emails and all the other extra stuff (organizing field trips, supervising sports teams) takes hours of extra time each day. The 1 period of prep time doesn't cover it, and some nights it definitely is five hours.

In my experience, students have time to finish a lot of their homework in class. I'll assign 5 or 6 reinforcement questions with 15 minutes left in the class and tell them,"if you get started now, you can easily do 2 or 3 here and not have them for homework." But almost all students prefer to spend their down time at school talking to the friends (I was the same way, I'm not blaming them). They tell me, "we'd rather hang out now and do our homework when we're home, alone" but then they never do the homework, at any point...
$C: Why do you think women aren't good at it?
$C: Yes, think about it
$C: Apparently, last year there were some PhD professors at some universities claimed this. It took a few seconds to find the reference and the mental gymnastics... holy shit.
$C: I'm afraid so
$C: Lmao don't know where you went to school but for my engineering classes got way harder after pre-req sciences and math. 
$C: Ya it sucks cause on top of that all the teachers expect over an hour of home work and sometimes more for essays and shit so I'm up till 1 - 2 sometimes cause I have to work then i get up at 6 in the morning cause o have to bus to the next town over to get to school.

$C: There are certainly prereqs. It isn't that the math is a huge problem, but the physics slant to everything does require them to practice.
$C: Eh, in my experience it depends on the person; I feel like *I* was not sufficient well-versed in everything I needed from class to class. But to each their own.
$C: I like it when people are nice. And call each other mate. Have a nice day, mate.
$C: Now I feel guilty because it is salutatorian, but I was referencing a front page r/pettyrevenge post where someone's salutatorian plaque was mistakenly spelled salutetorian and she didn't let them replace it because she felt the misspelling justifiably reflected poorly on her school district. I was aiming for a "so meta" type response but I guess not enough people sub r/pettyrevenge
$C: I mean...it was clearly hyperbole. I’m not citing any real statistics here lol
$C: 99% may be an exaggeration, but it is absolutely a vast majority that copies the work/does it right before class.  We don't "buckle down"

I just mean that we don't sit around and do nothing after school, we have other things to do.  Come to r/applyingtocollege and see all the crazy extracurriculars people there do.  Not to mention sports, work, etc

It's just that in terms of bs busywork that doesn't help our success, then we're lazy
$C: >I don't know if I can find any badgers nearby

Did you know: I'm in your closet!
$C: Dude... *Nice.*
$C: Are you sure about that? Because I am 99.99998% sure that Marmite_Badger is not a bot.

---

^(I am a neural network being trained to detect spammers | Summon me with !isbot <username> |) ^(/r/spambotdetector |) [^(Optout)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=whynotcollegeboard&subject=!optout&message=!optout) ^(|) [^(Original Github)](https://github.com/SM-Wistful/BotDetection-Algorithm)
$C: I see. I really hope things work out in favor of you and your daughter. Don't give up.
$C: men have as many rights as women and only men's rights activists say otherwise

please stay inside the narrative
$C: That was the perspective I made my second comment from. If that makes me a pedant, that makes you doubly so. There's a bit of a [history](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/This_too_shall_pass) to those words.
$C: You really did. You did not do the assigned work like you were supposed to do. I hated kids like you in school. There are kids who actually bothered to work a bit for their grades, but you just wanted the easy way.
$C: because we're talking about elementary aged students and mult is just one example. i think the same repetition is required to learn division. reducing fractions is similar as is comparing decimal numbers (circle the bigger number 6.11 or 6.2 type problems) I'm giving these as examples because this is the age that students learn *elementary* math.

if you want to talk about whether or not pre-calc students need 30 homework problems per night then that's a different discussion. this whole thread is about young students not getting any homework. I'm saying that's a crucial mistake because they won't learn arithmetic as quickly.
$C: Sorry for misunderstanding what you meant, but the phrase "I have a hard time believing" usually implies that you still doubt that something is true. That message was compounded by the fact that you said, "I hope it's true," which implies that you didn't really believe it. I don't think it was a "serious failure of reading," I think it was a serious failure of communication. If you didn't intend to imply continued doubt in the face of conclusive data, then you picked your words poorly.
$C: Its a variety of factors, in the states its more about just shoving kids through the system to fill 9 to 5s, laws have been passed to lower standards. But everyone already knows public schools in the us are a shitshow, just watch our news or pay attention to our politics.
$C: And neither are mutually exclusive to history, you will learn the exact same with math and english.
$C: [deleted]
$C: So the answer is: nothing at all and it's a waste of time. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: [deleted]
$C: [deleted]
$C: [deleted]
$C: The career you choose will be on of interest(hopefully) and/or relevance to you. So again, if it's by interest you will be capable of(and likely will be) learning more about it on your own than you will at school. For example, someone who wants to program computers is learning most techniques and skills at home learning to code out of interest. If it's chosen by relevance(for example a farmer taking over for his father), then you will learn more about it because of it's relevance to you. If it is not relevant to you or interesting to you, you're going to have a bad time anyway. 
$C: Again why is high school brought up again? This is all about elementary school. And S.Korea has 'banned' homework in lower grades there as well.
$C: ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
$C: [deleted]
$C: PM me STAT. A redditor beer meetup might be in order.
$C: That's the part where age truly is key. When I was a kid in school I thought I knew better than my teachers. At 32 I can look back at how ignorant I was then and realize that even now I don't know much more than very many people. Self-sourcing as your only evidence is incredibly rooted in confirmation bias. Again, you refuse to engage with the original argument. I answered the moved goalposts. I'm not going to keep playing this game, have a good night.
$C: Check out my recent comment history and see the flogging I'm giving him myself.
$C: It's mean, but honestly, YouTube comments are 96.87% more brutal and juvenile. The replies there would've been, "Kys, you autistic snowflake!" etc...
$C: Username doesn’t check out
$C: Bitches and blow!
$C: You know what I’d do maaan... Two girls at one time 
$C: The high cost of livin ain't nothin to the cost of livin high!
$C: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AkHwUMKYJ3I
$C: I wanted this to become smaller so i did. I also am starting to hate the dictionary on the tablet i have because i can't access a computer right now.
$C: Surprisingly thought-provoking reddit comment of the day.
$C: Is at at least a decent bottle? If you say it comes out of a box I will have to hunt you down. 😇 

Dude I'm 35 and still havent found mine either. Probably because I'm too damn particular and was taught to never settle. And I'm a chick, supposed to have the whole kit and caboodle by now. You're only 21. Take it easy on yourself.  I loved when I hit 21. I took my second gap year before grad school. Then decided to travel for alot longer than my uptight family would have liked. And I'm gonna do it again.

   Think of drinking that next glass of wine overlooking the Seine at twilight. 
$C: And Reddit, right? 21 isn't nearly too old to find something you like. If you have a computer and a mouse I'm pretty sure the possibilities are endless to pick up something. 
$C: Go wine tasting, refine your palate, and make it something to really explore and enjoy.  
$C: Apologies accepted.
$C: Congratulations on the baby dude!

I'm by no means an expert on what makes people happy in life or anything like that. The only thing I know is people should do what they think will honestly make them happy.
$C: No, that’s just marriage, period.
$C: Did the wife thing, not kid thing.  Would repeat.  
$C: It’s hard enough for people to kill themselves and others. Sounds pretty hard to me. 
$C: My dentist and his brother work together. He works Mon Thurs Fri, brother Works Tues Weds Thurs. Each of them occasionally deviate as needed.
$C: I meant actual dentists who have their own business not dentists that are employed
$C: >seems the people replying to this have found the only non sociopathic dentists in the industry.. hehe

Are you an anti-dentite?
$C: Not my dentist. He donates his Mondays to helping underserved segments of his community and doesn't work weekends unless it's an emergency. I wouldn't trade him for anything. Even though he's not "in network" and expensive as fuck he's the best damn dentist in Atlanta.
$C: There is no such thing as a dental nurse lol. I’m a dental assistant and have been for 15 years, and every office I’ve worked at besides one, was 4 days a week. I’ve worked and temped  at a lot of offices too . Plus what the hell dentists works 7 days a week? Sunday’s they are open? Ur wife must work at a horrible clinic or something . Tell her to find a new dentist that’s open 4 days a week, it should be fairly easy since she has experience 
$C: I'm about to graduate dental school, and know dozens of dentists who take half days Friday, take Fridays off, etc. Many of the part time professors at the school would work 1 day at the school, 3 days at their practice, and have an associate that does the rest.

The people that work 6 days a week are usually young dentists trying to pay off student loans. 
$C: I've known a lot of dentists who appear to have very flexible hours. Could be wrong.
$C: Weird, my old dentist office was open 4 days a week, my current one is 4 days a week but there are two dentists and they each only work 3 days, so one is mon-wed the other Tues-thurs. I thought that was normal because they make so much money. 
$C: Yeah I undwratang it was just one of those jobs where ypu don’t have to conform to the normal american workday
$C: Man, the one dental emergency I had was during 5th grade when I broke my teeth fencing. We found one dentist in the area who was able to work at the time (6pm) and he was this creepy dude who kept asking me, "Does it hurt? Does it hurt at all? If it does, we'll have to *holds up dripping needle* inject you with some more novacaine". I remember that like it was last month. 
$C: That’s clearly implied. What’s good for the goose is good for his mother. 
$C: I actually have a question about that, are you allowed to be part of a temp agency atraight out of highschool/work while in college? 
$C: Well it takes about 6 months to get all your certifications if your dedicated and some corporate pilots make upwards of 200k depending pn who they work for and how long. Airline pilots get about 90-150k again depending on how long.
$C: You're playing casino games. 
$C: Did you manage to cash out in the last rally?
$C: [deleted]
$C: [deleted]
$C: Of course
$C: Well I’m definitely not a con artist.. but that’s what all con artists say! And damn she sounds like a cold hearted snake. That’s a lotta money to steal. Did she steal it before or after you broke up?
$C: You’re working to hard there
$C: Yikes man no offense but just go to a bar and make some friends. If it was truelyna family peer to peer connection then there is no way ypu wpuld lose that. I still talk to my buddy saily who lives 90 miles away from me. We sometimes meet up in the middle once a month to go paintball and hangout. 
$C: Your two sentences, well one sentence and a fragment, don't say much. So I will refrain from further comment until a time where you have had a chance to flesh your comment out a little.
$C: Na.. a small white town in mid Michigan. 
$C: I think what you are looking for, and what you feel you lack as an adult, is self-discipline, not discipline. Discipline is applied to something that has consequences, e.g. sit down and do your homework or you're going to get a bad grade or get in trouble etc. Being able to self-discipline results from being able to self-motivate, being able to recognize the rewards or consequences of doing or not doing something.

An individual that wants to lose weight and who self-disciplines themselves to start going to the gym 5 days a week is doing so because they self-motivated and recognized the benefits or potential consequences of not doing so. If you are unable to self-discipline as an adult it is because you can't identify the proper motivation to do that thing, you either don't care enough about the benefits or you do not care enough about the consequences. Or you are sacrificing long term benefits for short term gains.
$C: It did keep me from going outside and doing a lot of other things I wanted to do. I just always seemed so disconnected though. Every time I did have the rare conversation, A teacher would have to interrupt and threaten detention since I was there to learn, not chit chat.

And due to my classes and course layout I was never given a lunch break either...
$C: I cant afford to live in Hillsborough neighborhoods and I live in Hillsborough
$C: I used to work at a nudist resort up there (i.e.: “clothing optional community”).  There are several. 
$C: It’s Florida. Gated communities are a dime a dozen. There isn’t a single gated community in the entire State that can compare to the gated communities in northern states. If you’re paying less than $800k for a house in a gated community it’s really just a trailer park with houses instead of trailers and a big gate around it. 
$C: Just go a couple exits north to Dade City. My pharmacist friends tell me it's the source of a lot of meth floating around Tampa. If you're by the outlets, you're not in the real Pasco. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: What bar? A group of my friends got held at gunpoint in their apartment a couple years ago when that maniac was running around. They were having a watch party for NFL opening night and I was supposed to be there, too.
$C: I was born and raised in brandon and still live here. Can confirm, I do a lot of drugs 
$C: You have regional districts instead.
$C: Yep - French and Spanish!
$C: And Arizona too or at least Pima County. Some are independent but there is the official state one at county level
$C: And Georgia
$C: And my axe
$C: Wow! Thank YOU for listening to my passion-ramble about kids! And thank you for the chuckle! (I’m not actually laughing, this is a serious matter. Time to teach the kids that Finland is fake news.)
$C: Oh dear, oh no, not once again. Blast!
$C: Maybe you should dust that thing off once in a while.
$C: It sounds super familiar, what's it from?
$C: Do you feel like it’s worth it? Like overall would you rather have the stress of those 18 hour days than consistent 8 hour days but work for someone else?
$C: Fuck clopening
$C: Get a grip? I didn't realize I was freaking out.
$C: Op said "Makes sense that an entire generation that grew up with 4 hours of homework a night is now increasingly fine with working 50+hours a week. " And so I continued to talk about the 50+ hours part of his comment, which was the main focus of his comment.
$C: ...did you miss the entire 1800s where workers routinely worked 60-70 hour work weeks?  Did you miss the part where low wage workers in modern nations are forced to work crazy hours at multiple jobs and they still go hungry or can't make rent?

If the market decides that the most efficient thing is for businesses to pay their workers nothing and have them work 80 hour work weeks workers will "choose" to do so instead of starve.  The shorter work week occurred because of socialist, liberal, and union agitation.  It's not nonsense, there's a clear historical record of it
$C: Gucci gang Gucci gang Gucci gang Gucci gang Gucci gang Gucci gang Gucci gang Gucci gang Gucci gang Gucci gang Gucci gang Gucci gang Gucci gang Gucci gang Gucci gang Gucci gang Gucci gang Gucci gang 
$C: Hey VSauce, Michael here!
$C: MEDUSA HEAD ON ME LIKE IM LUMINATI
$C: Buy yourself a 30k business without any idea how to run it, that will leave you scraping to pay the bills and keep the lights on for the rest of your life.
$C: the Doctor parts hard but I get my fill of engineering work with my construction company. the College degree helps you get a job doing what you want but having money lets you buy your way into pretty much anything 
$C: Opening a business is risky. Buying an established business is a walk in the park
$C: The comments prior to that one were all talking about high school hw, and the one directly prior specifically said 6hrs.

Generally, you don’t have golf/band class at universities. There are clubs and organizations, but to be on the golf team or in the marching/performance band at a university is arguably a greater time commitment than many mid-level majors. I was involved with the golf team at my university and in my freshman year I spent more time practicing, at workouts, and at meetings, than I did in class. And I had mandatory tutoring, even if I didn’t need it. 
$C: I am not arguing math doesn't take practice. I am saying that forcing kids to practice math when they do not want to is counterproductive to education as a whole.

Also work ethic is not something instilled. Fundamentally that is just the wrong way to think about work ethic.

Work ethic comes from passion and excitement about what you do. Anything else is delusional, worth ethic is not some altruistic trait that is learned. Work ethic is inherently self-serving.

And not everyone needs to learn math beyond the basics, and I mean the real basics. Some people just straight up will never need it, especially these days.

The best mathematicians and physicists I personally know loved math from day 1. The people that hate math should not be forced to learn math. Help them figure out what their passion is and guide them to something where they'll be happy working in it.
$C: Nope, flunked out of HS. Now I build satellites, first bird I worked on goes up in October!

It's all about how much you wanna do something. 
$C: I touched upon that in a different comment. It's impossible for the professor to demonstrate all the problem types you might be responsible for relating to a specific concept. That's still repetition and it's still work you have to do on your own outside of class to master the application of the concepts. 
$C: Was about to comment /r/subsyoufellfor, but impressively that's actually one that exists
$C: Piss off, ghost!
$C: r/askouija
$C: Net
$C: When did I mention pay?
$C: Probably because automation is reducing the need for them. Some jobs, like McDonald's, waiters, and assembly lines are largely automatable with relative ease.

Why would we for those jobs to exist for the sake of existing? Set up a system that allows a person to add value, rather than statistics for statistics sake.


$C: Bruh.  Take a sick day and apply to some other jobs.  For fucks sake, you’re being way overworked.  That is not acceptable in any job!
$C: I hope you’re getting paid a shit ton for that.
$C: Yup, and the kids also have sports to go to, sometimes many sports, and for their brothers and sisters too. They might also have other scheduled activities as well that burn up their time because their parents also don't have a work life balance.

There's a difference between a few reinforcement questions and 5 hours additional school when you get home, every day.

The other thing you need to consider is that you chose that profession and you can easily choose one that doesn't consume much time.

The kids don't have that choice.
$C: That's just crazy
$C: Sure....
$C: They got harder but the quality of teaching was way better. I wasn't stuck with a class of 300 students taking entry level chemistry and doing busywork that took up time to learn heat transfer anymore. My grades went way up after second year.

Took Bioengineering at University of Manitoba in Canada
$C: I don't know how you do it. I had a 2 hour bus ride to school and it made me car sick every time I got on it. Of all things, that bus fucking broke me. Thankfully I don't ride it anymore. I'm suprised you haven't ended up like me yet lol. 
$C: I do sub there but probably missed that one. It’s all good man :)
$C: My point was 99% is an extreme exaggeration. Which you agree with. My students absolutely buckle down. I don’t need to go to a subreddit to see the exact same craze that goes on in front of my eyes. College application time is stressful and is felt throughout the school. 

You don’t need to try to argue with me because again...I am on your side. It sounds like you think the adults are against you and I’m so sorry to hear that. I can only speak for me and my school. 
$C: Nice.
$C: That was the scream I heard when I suddenly shot my closet fourty seven times for no reason!
$C: The only thing in my closet is me
$C: AHHHH
$C: ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
$C: Oh baby!
$C: So YOU are the one that‘s kicking me?!?
$C: Muahaha.
$C: Have you ever had to try to get custody of your kid? 

Try, call up a few lawyers/solicitors, pretend that your ex has taken your kid, see how far you get. 

You have no idea until you have tried to do it yourself, there is no 'narrative'. 
$C: >A person who is excessively concerned with minor details and rules or with displaying academic learning.

I mean I guess how you got that my comment was pedantic, but not doubly so. Is it because you found my comment to be somehow pedantic and because it was a response to a pedantic statement, that makes it doubly so?

Also your first one is fine enough, but it's bad in that it's not guaranteable at all from your position without being pedantic.
$C: Nope, it’s called lying.  I didn’t even do the homework stupid.
$C: Yes there are clearly problems with the system itself, but parents are **also** a problem, and one which often isn't criticised in the same way. I don't think it should be acceptable for a parent **not** to make any effort educating their child with something like basic arithmetic. Again, I'm assuming that these issues translate over to America, as I'm in the UK. 
$C: You are awful at reading. I said $60k is middle class. $80k is not that different. An extra $1k a month after taxes means almost nothing. It just means you can eat a little better food, own a slightly nicer home, and drive a slightly better car. All of the type of engineer salaries are from $60k-80k with 2 or 3 near $100k.

And 1 google search is all you need to find the sources I use you intellectually lazy asshat https://www.bls.gov/opub/ted/2015/median-weekly-earnings-by-education-gender-race-and-ethnicity-in-2014.htm
$C: Incorrect. The waste of time is in having to stop to think too hard about what should be simple multiplication, or worse, remaining dim and ignorant when there isn't time to automatically process information because you're too slow and deliberate because you never got good at basic multiplication.
$C: What the fuck are you talking about? Did you not even read it?? 

> The results of meta-analysis revealed that 64% of the research studies selected had findings reflecting the positive effects of homework on students’ academic success. Although there are many research studies showing the positive effects of homework on academic success (e.g., Dodson, 2014; Hein & Wimer, 2007; Glazer & Williams, 2001; Grodner & Rupp, 
2013; Gustafsson, 2013; Pelletier & Normore, 2007; Planchard, Daniel, Maroo, Mishra & McLean, 2015; Su, Huang, Yang, Ding & Hsieh, 2015; Trautwein, Köller, Schmitz & Baumert, 2002; Voorhis, 2003), some of them found that homework does not always affect academic success in general, but may have partial effects on academic success in certain courses, exams or classroom grades (e.g., Hong, Peng & Rowell, 2009; Murillo & Martinez-Garrido, 2014). Others showed that homework does not influence academic success at all (e.g., Booth, 2010; Kapıkıran & Kıran, 1999).


>There are some scientifically unsound designs in the research studying the effects of homework on students’ academic level. In some studies, many factors were neglected, including quantity/quality of homework, duration, access to parental or peer help, guidance services to parents and students, feedback, access to resources and technological support, teacher qualifications, time students spend on homework, and pre-knowledge of students about research methods, which can have an effect on study findings. Bryan and Nelson (1994) revealed in their studies that students find homework boring and develop anegative attitude towards courses because of it. Hence, such variables as the roles of teachers and parents, the quality, quantity and duration of homework, the appropriateness 
for students’ developmental level, guidance and feedback to students, are to be taken into consideration when estimating homework’s effects on academic success.

They couldn't have found a longer way to say "eh.. it depends".  This does not support your argument. 

I have a feeling we're seeing this through different lenses completely. 64% of studies show at least *some* positive connection but some of those conclude that it's about the class, some say other factors are making bigger impacts, etc.. In my opinion and based on my experience as a professional in the field this does not give me the evidence I need to start pushing extra homework on the students. 

 I'd like to note that this 2017 study includes analysis of 11 data sets. Of those 11, 7 showed a positive link. However, of those 7, three had "unimportant effect sizes".(One negative was also unimportant) Meaning the margin for error could swing the results either way.

So in other words 4 positive, 3 negative, 4 inconclusive. 

I'm not denying science, I'm using this data to come to a conclusion. My conclusion is that this data and the conclusions of the researchers does not concretely suggest homework is a primary factor in student achievement. 

You, on the other hand, haven't even read what you provided. And for some reason, I expected that. 
$C: 
[Your first link was analyzed by your second and you can see the conclusion below.](http://ueeval.ucr.edu/teaching_practices_inventory/CooperRobinsonPatall_2006.pdf)


>With only rare exceptions, the relationship between the amount of homework students do and their achievement outcomes was found to be positive and statistically significant. Therefore, we think it would not be imprudent, based on the evidence in hand, to conclude that doing homework causes improved academic achievement. Of course, this assertion should not inhibit future efforts to establish more firmly this productive relationship.

Good google seaching lol

Edit: I'm not sure what I did, but I opened the wrong PDF. For those just reading this, the truth is that that the second link is validated through the first link. The first link is a newer study of studies of the link between homework and achievement. It's conclusion is indefinitive. The second link is fron 2003 and discusses how links studies in the past are invalid becaus of data collection methods. The researchers, however, wanted their study to be used to encourage further research to learn more about whether or not their is a link. And likely so. 

At my level(grade 4) and in my experience, I have found no link. Standardized data shows students in my class grow as much as students in other classes on my floor throughout the year. There are too many other factors, though. It's all about what each student needs each day. Homework is a very small piece of a much bigger puzzle with MUCH bigger flaws that need to be discussed. 
$C: No don’t back down! It’s entertaining!
$C: You have to put the /s if you're joking. If not, I don't know what to tell you. He literally posted two articles (that he did not take any time to read) which validated my stance on the topic. It was a duel and he shot himself...

EDIT: Previous comment said something to the effect of "Just give up, you're getting owned.
$C: jesus christ go save some other theoretical group somewhere else! Even Obama admitted children of single parents are more likely to become criminals and face psychological problems. Let it go! Two parents are *usually* better than one. I'm not gonna spend 5 days writing out every caveat to this so your shitty upbringing is defended. 
$C: I just saw your conformation bias point now. That defintley a valid critique. I'd counter that by saying why should I care if my bias allows me to still draw conclusions that are conducive of my own personal success.

 I understand the value of an unbiased, properly conducted, professional study, truly I do. So much valuable information has been gained from this methodology it would be foolish to dismiss it. To add on though what about all the discoveries that were made before  such methodologies were used. Granted they may be more primitive and more prone to inaccuracies  but they are still capable of creating quality knowledge on an individual level.  

At the end of the day if I dropped dead right now I'd die believing a completely different set of beliefs as true than if you did. Maybe my question is more philosophical and I'm arguing a point that can't truly be made. 

Just thinking this through brings up so many other things that I can't put into a Reddit comment and I see how rambley I'm getting. 

Thanks for giving me a prompt to think through, and wether you believe me or not I've learned a lot from this, and you've defintley changed my mind on a few things. I have an odd way of learning and for many it's off putting 





$C: I don't knew what you mean I'm the one who posed the initial question I just want an answer. You keep refusing to answer me for some reason. 

In good faith I'll even answer whatever question you want first. I'm not sure what your initial argument is if you could restate it for me and then I'd like for you to reciprocate. I truly want to have a discussion and you keep getting confrontational for some reason. 

I in no way think I'm more educated than a persons twice my age who's completed their secondary education but I do believe that just because your older doesn't mean your beliefs are inherently more right. 
$C: Idk, is casillero del Diablo good? 

Never boxed wine, I was raised better than that.

I was also taught to never settle, always try new things, which is why I haven’t found something that I really like. There are things that I do somewhat like, but I’m always looking for something that I like more.

That thought just made me want to go back to Italy and own the house we stayed in for a few days. Waking up in the countryside with the fog still covering the sunset and drinking a nice glass of white wine and chill.
$C: Nah, Reddit is just a place to browse while it’s not busy at work.

Yeah, and I’ve been searching but there are things that cannot be done due to time and/or money

Yeah, I get 21 isn’t old but I do feel a bit behind my peers because they are already going towards what they want to do while I’m still very confused at what I want to do.
$C: That’s actually something that sounds fun to do. Didn’t think of that. Thanks dude.
$C: Thank you, not ours yet but hopefully soon!
$C: Yes, only if you have no idea just how hard life can actually get.
$C: Yes... that's what I meant. 
$C: anti-sociopath/narcissist  :)


$C: [deleted]
$C: Cool story... labels for things are different in other countries, its rather common slang here in aus. Anyway, her current practice is open 6 days. Last one was at an Oral surgeon and those guys are insane and worked 6 days x 12 hours a day. Most if the week was consults then 1-2 days of surgeries. 

4 days a week? I've NEVER seen a dentist around us only open 4 days. Weekends are pretty standard at any practice now. Yep 15+ years. 

Out of the 6 people Ive personally met that she has worked for, all but 1 are seriously money and status obsessed. Not my type of people. They have serious amount of cash, but spent 0 time with the kids. Priorities are all sort of messed up. 
$C: For hygiene? No.  You don't even get to touch a patient (another hygiene) student until your second semester in hygiene school, at least at the school I went to.  

I'm sure you could sign up with a temp agency for front desk type work, but I'm not sure if a dental temp agency does that for front desk.  I'd imagine they would but I've never asked.  I've been with my temp agency for 8 years despite having my full times jobs throughout that same time.  

Just to be clear, you may already know this but a lot of people mix these up, the hygienist does the cleanings whereas assistants help with any and everything the dentist and usually the hygienist need.  I wanted to clarify that because that's why hygienists can't work on patients until they have received their license- since we do the cleanings, we take the instruments under the gumline and risk cutting patients gums etc.  

While you're in hygiene school it's also recommended, again at least where I went, not to work because you're in class from 8-5 everyday and as the semesters go on, 2 of those days become dedicated to working hygiene clinic at the school.

Hope that helps and it wasn't just a bunch of useless info.  I hear I'm full of that from time to time haha.
$C: [removed]
$C: >	Are you implying that I’m making that sound? Because it really just looks like you are.

Ooh, fancy boi! What an astute observation, my scrumptious. May a thousand tendies be hoisted in your honor!
$C: [removed]
$C: [removed]
$C: Well, in all fairness, training to work with the general population is not really comparable to actually working with the severely disabled population.
$C: Not offended but that's not good advice. People don't typically make lasting bonds in a bar. Happy people usually have better things to do than go to a bar to meet people. The bartenders are your best bet but even they are paid to talk to you for tips.
$C: Here is a reply from someone that's a bit more succinctLook around. Lots of people have no aspirations, direction, or skills. They do the bare minimum to enable another day of pointless existence, then bitch about the fact that they have to provide for themselves 
$C: [removed]
$C: Nope. I've used the word correctly. 

Check out the dictionary definition:

> adjective: disciplined

> showing a controlled form of behavior or way of working.
> "a disciplined approach to management"

Notice how it doesn't say "A **self**-disciplined approach to management"? 


$C: So again, were you the only kid not allowed to talk in class?

I find it hard to believe in your entire education process you never ate lunch.

At some point you have to stop dwelling on all this and focus on the here and now. People have been through so much worse, and you're bitching about high school AP classes. If you're not doing well right now you need to look at the present and plan for the future. If you're bad at people, do something that doesn't have a lot of human interaction. Be a truck driver or a computer programmer or a security guard. Do housecleaning. Be a cable guy. Become an embalmer. Be an insurance claims adjuster. It's up to you now.  
$C: It had to be Paradise Lakes right? By the bowling alley? 

I used to work at a summer camp in Odessa and we'd go on field trips there and the kids would be like, "My mommy told me no one wears any clothes behind that wall is that true?"
$C: Damn I'm not a big fan of Florida but that is far from true.

In fact that is one of the most arrogant and out of touch things I've ever read. 
$C: Eh, I’m ok...

If you’re pharmacist friends know where I can anything fun, dm...

I’m not joking. I just moved here and the (new iteration of) Silk Road is fine but...eh 
$C: oh okay, next time then
$C: DUDE I REMEMBER WHEN THAT HAPPENED! It happened in Cambridge Woods or whatever I lived in the apartments next to that and walked my dogs through there allllllllllllllll the time. 

Bobalouie's was the bar. 
$C: I did a lot when I lived there. 
$C: Maybe a [Shotgun-Axe](https://streamable.com/b59ft) combination of some sort.
$C: My wife??
$C: Meet the parents. Ben Stiller's character flushes a toilet that he was told not to then blames it on the cat Jinxie who uses the toilet.  
$C: There are things I like about both scenarios but overall I enjoy being self employed over working for someone else.
$C: what's wrong with making money?
$C: Literally no one is debating historical labor exploitation. We're just questioning your huge assumption that social safety nets is in direct conflict with capitalism and is somehow an indication of the success of socialism. Don't be fooled by the word "social". You're looking at a different axis. 
$C: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dunning%E2%80%93Kruger_effect

I'm certain you don't do real engineering at a construction company and I'm also certain you don't have the money to buy your way into anything.
$C: How are you get $30k to buy a business? Take out a loan? That sounds like terrible advice.
$C: I ran XC in college and had a piano preformance minor in addition to working so I understand what you mean about time commitment. I was mostly confused how you got through college with practically no homework. Which I see was not the case.
$C: I don’t think delusional means what you think it means. 

Wishing you continued success, and don’t burn yourself on the Fryolator. 
$C: Forward
$C: [deleted]
$C: I am applying.  Just not finding. 

$C: I’m paid the same as I was 20 years ago.  It was good then, not now. 
$C: This year I get my g2 ( ontario{canada} license after a learner's permit where you can drive without an adult) so that'll help and I dont get on the bus at six that's just when I wake up so I can drink coffee get ready, you know not be a slob. 
$C: I would disagree that it's an extreme exaggeration.  It's a very high percentage.  At least at my school, and all of my friends' schools, public and private.


I don't think you're against me, I just think that busywork homework is often a bad use of resources and time.  We have a lot to do after the day, and writing 3 short answer prompts, 20 math problems, a chem worksheet, and 20 pages of APUSH reading can (and absolutely has before) keep students up past midnight.  All-nighters, in my experience, are much more often a result of excessive busywork than crammed studying.  So we say "fuck this, I need sleep to function" and trade off answers the next day during free period.  It's just the way it is when every teacher says "I only give an hour of homework a night" yet we have 6 teachers saying that.

The amounts of busywork nowadays is unparalleled and needs to stop.  Finishing group projects and a math worksheet are fine for homework, but 6 fucking hours (not exaggerating!!!!!!) isn't ok
$C: Nice.
$C: ^^^^^^^^^^^.
$C: Part of me hopes you're being serious right now. That part of me would be positively giddy if you are.
$C: It's both, moron.
$C: Oh no i absolutely agree with you.
$C: Again, when are you doing this large amounts of instant multiplication of small numbers. 

Sounds like you are just idiotically obsessed with memorization.
$C: And yet I got downvotes for calling his bullshit. Reddit, you crazy. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: The conversation is already done, it's kind of buried by downvotes and other comments, but go through my profile comments and enjoy. 
$C: No one is reading any of this, they’re just downvoting anyone that doesn’t want to spend their life a slave to corporations. Fuck em. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: Hey bud, I'm a teacher. I'm never off duty. This reply made my heart happy. I'm glad I educated you in a couple places, and it's one hundred percent acceptable to agree to disagree.  Ignore my earlier edit. 

As far as confirmation bias, the problem is that you don't grow by only leaning on what confirms what you already believe. In my own list of evidence I included a counterpoint. Confirmation bias is the antithesis of education.  Nothing but love on my end, I'm a little gruff after a long day of teaching and meetings. I sincerely hope you continue to succeed in whichever way helps you do so best.

Fun tangent about confirmation bias: Aristotle went to the grave believing that women had fewer teeth than men because he trusted his own opinion over actually, I don't know, counting to check if he was correct?
$C: On your last line, we agree. I tell my students all the time to challenge whatever I say whenever they feel I'm wrong, because I'm just a human being doing a job that I trained for and am prone to mistakes just like any other human being doing a job.


That being said, I posted evidence that you said you couldn't see any reason for existing. Your reply to that evidence was "I'm not reading that, I have my own personal evidence that could constitute statistical significance" (which, wrong, I majored in mathematics and think you don't truly grasp statistical significance).  By refusing to even engage in the evidence I provided, you shut down any opportunity for the conversation to go further. You'd rather rely on your own information than even engage in heavily researched information. I mean, for God's sake, the first post is from the math department at Texas A&M University. You dismissed it immediately due to the fact that you don't "trust" impersonal research.

EDIT: This isn't a personal belief, it's factual information backed up by tons of evidence you won't engage. My hostility towards you is due to the fact that you've been incredibly rude since my first reply. You accused me of using your age against you, yet my first reply to you assumed you were at least of college age. So, if you'd rather trust yourself than the evidence, go for it. But again, you don't seem willing to even entertain actual conversation, which is why I want out of this loop. The educator in me is the only reason I keep coming back.
$C: Haha, actually yes and gaining popularity. It's one of the best not overly priced Chilean winrs with a decent bouquet.  Of course for me it depends on what kind..red or white, etc. Their Cabernet is impressive. I was at a restaurant that had a $140+ bottle. No idea what year. 

You were taught well. I'm very much the same. A passion chaser. There is always something new. It could be something that is 200+ years old or more that peaks my interest. 

Oh Italy....I could definitely live out my days in the countryside. Perhaps with the right person. 


$C: I'd be happy to help. You can always pick up drawing, even if it's random doodles during downtime at work. I'm personally into those visual arts so I do that when I can. You can find a game to play, those are always good. If you don't cook your own dinner then you might want to try, and if you do then get creative with recipes, from your own experimentation or online. Cooking dinner will take up your downtime, but if you try it for a week and it turns out to be fun, then bam. That's awesome. The stock market can be a hobby, I hear, but risking money like that isn't for me. The cheaper ones are always the more volatile. I hope that helps, and Reddit is a great place to start when you think you might be interested. 
$C: Adopting? If yes how was the process?

The wife and I've discussed doing it when she's done with work in a few years. That or maybe fostering a kid. I haven't really looked up the process much yet.
$C: I’ve been homeless. I’m a combat veteran. I’d never want to deal with high school again. Life is hard. Social interactions can be unbearable. Worse than starving. I think maybe you had a pretty easy time in school. 
$C: Yea those Dental nurses make way more than Dental Assistants . Lucky bitches 
$C: [Guess all of the dentists your wife has worked for must be the 1% of dentists then.](https://www.payscale.com/research/AU/Job=Dentist/Salary) Saying that all dentists are money and status obsessed based on 5 doctors in the same area is a wild stereotype. Making less than $100k a year is not a wild amount of money, especially with the amount of schooling they go through and the stress of potentially screwing up and hurting someone. Not to mention taxes taken out of it.

You probably don't see dentists only open for four days because there are multiple dentists working each practice. However this is pure speculation. If this isn't true I would love to read a study stating otherwise. Just here to try to learn new things.


Also, according to [this](https://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/1496161/A-tale-of-two-doctors.html) article, it isn't typical for doctors to work more than 38 hours without being paid overtime. GP doctors, with several years of experience, make around [$120 to $150k a year](https://www.payscale.com/research/AU/People_with_Jobs_as_Physicians_%2F_Doctors/Salary). This is significantly more than dentists. These average salaries account for typical overtime pay as well.

However you are right, dental nurses are a [thing](https://www.healthcareers.nhs.uk/explore-roles/dental-team/roles-dental-team/dental-nurse) according to a quick google search. Dental assistants are the same thing, just a different name from a different region.
$C: Well your in Australia so my comment does not apply to you obviously. No need to be so mean. I just thought it was funny because I don’t hear Dental Nurse in the US. There’s Dental Assistant and Dental Hygienist. .  ... and in Washington state , it is very rare to be open more than 4 days a week. That’s the reason I wanted to be a Dental Assistant, the awesome hours. So I’m not trying to be cool and lying,  like you obviously think.  I’m in a different country, which you knew and you were still being a dick . 
$C: They're not. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: [deleted]
$C: Wow! She sounds like a good con though , she had you fooled! Jk.?That’s sad though . I hope she gets better 
$C: Honestly i dont drink I justnfogured tv shows and whatwver. If you really want friends you have to go get some coworkers clients etc
$C: Hmm. We weren't super far from a big town and built a half million dollar house so I wouldn't really call it a ghetto. Just had a lot of friends get into harder drugs or drinking and driving which was kind if the norm out there.
$C: Look up just discipline
$C: Pretty much it is up to me. Funny that you mention computer programmer as that is what my degree is in. But I can't get past an interview as everyone seems to want a great communicator and team player now a days.

And yes I never ate lunch throughout highschool, I did sometimes get yelled at for eating it in class, even receiving detention for it but what ever. Also had extreme bullying on top of everything else. As far as being the only kid, I'm pretty certain I was the only kid hung by his jacket on a fence and whacked at like a pinata with baseball bats or received 2 concussions from random sucker punches.

Granted this was so long ago, But I still struggle finding my place in society. And I do blame a lot of the way school was handled, that was the problem. Finding an actual solution that moves my life forward is where it's difficult. As when the original problem could have been solved is no longer a thing. And the efforts I made to do better seem to get met with harsh criticism and failure. I quit my most recent job of 3 years after applying for multiple full time positions and was told I never showed interest in a position so I was not considered(despite applying for most everything). And they gave the positions to new hires off the street instead.
$C: Although I’ve been to Paradise Lakes (long story) I worked at Caliente, just a couple miles up 41.  More “upscale” than Lakes, but still the same animal. 
$C: Dude that's crazy! What complex were you in? I lived in Eagle's Point, but yeah, my friends were in Cambridge Woods. Actually missed the party to go watch another friend play in his youth group band.. crazy. As for the Bobalouie's bit, that doesn't surprise me one bit. PJ Dolan's was the furthest I ever went into that area. 
$C: Social democracy exists in every developed nation on earth, no one's denying that either.  But laissez faire capitalism and the libertarian/right wing elements in those countries constantly seek to undermine it.  They're not market forces, they're public goods that exist outside of the markets in opposition to the capitalists who resent their share of the product being distributed to their workers.  Idk what we're debating at this point, but shorter working hours and minimum wages don't exist because the markets provided them, it's because social movements (including those driven by the socialist and social democratic left) seized them
$C: Fair enough. I gotta say though, don’t knock the liberal arts majors, some of them are brutal (like philosophy can be).
$C: Work ethic is not something that can be taught. People will fundamentally not care about something that they just do not care about in the first place. Actual work ethic is derived from passion for what you do. If you have no passion you will not work hard on it.
$C: Slash
$C: Your formatting is horrific so it makes it very difficult to read, if you put paragraphs in, it would be MUCH easier to follow.

Your post literally opened about pay and went from there, so here's a list of jobs that aren't particularly high pay (even low pay in some cases), but are nothing like a typical factory worker job:

Teacher

Nurse

Counsellor

Careers advisor

Chef

Server

Barman

Climbing instructor

Do you get the picture? What I'm saying by pointing out more people could have non factory worker based jobs is that they could do something a bit more vocational.

Yet, you went straight to 'Not everyone can have high paying jobs'. Pay isn't that big of a deal. Having money isn't everything, not having money is.

And I say this earning materially less money than I did 7/8 years ago, with a longer commute but a much better (qualitatively speaking) role.

If you want a lengthy response, then for at your short essays in an appropriate manner. If you aren't willing to put a couple of line breaks in now and then, don't expect people to do more than briefly skim.
$C: Yea a license might help a bit. I've been slacking on getting mine. 
$C: You’re still trying to argue with me, which is confusing. I get what you’re going through. 

Sorry your teachers give you busy work!
$C: F
$C: I was genuinely confused by your response and trying to understand it.
$C: Nope.  You sound stupid.
$C: I don't need to do "large amounts" of instant multiplication for the skill to not be WORTHLESS to me.

I just appreciate having the automatic ability to know the answers to such common and automatic questions intuitively without having to think about it, and would never call that skill worthless in any context.

$C: Seriously. The hard-headed ignorance of these people knows no bounds.
$C: Got it. Just read through their discussion. It's an analysis of the credibility of the data collected about homework-achievement. The first paragraph of the discussion for you with their citations removed for readability:

>The aim of this study was to use the meta-analysis method to examine research on the effects of homework on students’ academic success. Research studies were categorised under general characteristics (overall effect sizes), methodological characteristics (research design, sample size and publication bias) and substantive characteristics (course type, grade level, duration of implementation, instructional level, socioeconomic status, and setting). In examining publication bias only empirical researches with experimental and control groups were included in the study. The results of meta-analysis revealed that 64% of the research studies selected had findings reflecting the positive effects of homework on students’ academic success. **Although there are many research studies showing the positive effects of homework on academic success, some of them found that homework does not always affect academic success in general, but may have partial effects on academic success in certain courses, exams or classroom grades. Others showed that homework does not influence academic success at all.**

This supports the argument that the link is not conclusive. Which really leaves the decision up to the people directly in front of the children and what they notice about their students. 

Personally, I do not assign homework. Similar to this teacher, they take home only unfinished work. That said, I have online resources available through my teacher website that students can work on when they need that little bit extra. For example: f a particular student is clearly struggling with multiplication, I conference with the parents and recommend that they spend time after school on Zearn.org or Xtramath (depending on the need). 

It's all about meeting kids at their Zone of Proximal Development. Homework is not some magical cure-all for  "Kids who can't read good and wanna learn to do other stuff good too."
$C: Why are arguing with someone who lacks the ability to understand that practicing something makes you better at it. It's a lost cause. 
$C: Lol eh, I just don't care enough to get into it. Peace!
$C: See your making me think my point is defintley more philosophical than a hard facts point. Aristotle was right, because when he died he never was disproven. To us he was objectively wrong but if you never know your wrong, where you really wrong? 
$C: I see your point. I'm at fault for this whole thing. In another one of the comments I just posted I tried to explain I don't dismiss the credibility of hard research but I'm rejecting this as a result as my personal world having that as a definitive nontruth. 

If your willing I'll try to explain what I'm saying more at a later time, I'm aware how ignorant the majority of stuff I said is. It would take me more time than I have now to fully explain in a coherent way. I comment more to stimulate an internal monologue than to have an actual conversation with the person I responded to.

I realize sound how pretentious I sound, sorry for that and I truly don't mean to come off that way.  
$C: I really like it, bitter and smooth.

I miss Italy so much
$C: I cook my own meals and a cook for a restaurant lol. I do enjoy it, but not something that I’d want to do as a lifestyle.

Already do a stock market type, I do Stash and that’s really boring but, I do get money for my investments.

Drawing ain’t for me, did photoshop, illustrator, and AV classes in high school, and while they were easy and I did well in them, I also didn’t like them.

The thing that really pulls me is politics and health, but politics are too volatile for me and I’m too scared to get involved with someone’s life.
$C: Fostering to adopt.  Lengthy process but I think we are getting toward the end. He's been with us for a little over a year now. 
$C: I've met many more doctors in different areas.. just not as many as dentists in a social setting. Also I was being a little facetious.

But yes, almost all of the dentists I have met in this manner are of this stature and mentality, not all but alot. So its given me confirmation bias.

GPs here in Aus are VERY different to a dentist. General medical in AUS is mostly government funded and has very restrictive terms and pricing hours of work etc. A GP will just sit in a practice and churn through patients and just be on a wage from the practice. 

How ever a dentist here are making much much more than 100k if they have been practicing for a few years. Think closer to $200-400k brackets depending on if you own or % you pay to the clinic. 

The surgeons are on a whole different level and pull in closer to $500-800k easily. (My wife did the finances as she was also 2ic for the practice manager)

To put this in perspective her current boss, who is 'just' a dentist. Drives a $300k lambo, his last car was a California, car before that a Porsche GT2. This is within a 7 year period. You are talking a combined value of over 1mil. Can't tell me he needs to work 6 days a week.  This is purely a money/status thing. 

Don't even get me started on the disgusting conversations I have had with them about "how its so unfair they pay tax" ... its called a society people. Enjoy the roads you drive on? Like having police? Ambulance? 

Ill stop. :P



Edit: that link. Not really accurate. Sure someone will "hire" a dentist for their practice at that rate. But you don't advertise your personal rates if you own it.
$C: Lol you thought his reply was mean? That was barely even sarcastic, esp considering you told him there was no such thing as what his wife’s profession was, which btw since your comment was directed to him I’d say it did apply to him. But seriously though, if “cool story” sets you off that bad, grow thicker skin. 
$C: >	You should get a grasp on punctuation and quotation marks so you don’t just keep looking that dumb.

“REEEE,EEEEE!?!”
$C: Thanks I appreciate the advice. I work 2 service industry jobs, just started serving again while starting a business degree. People that are paid to be around you just isn't the same. But I'm definitely around a high volume of people so it's not like I'm not trying. Keep waiting to see what the universe throws my way and hope I can catch it...
$C: [removed]
$C: Just did buddy the definition is literally in my comment 
$C: I was in Willow Brooke. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: I have no problems with liberal arts majors. I went to a liberal arts school.
$C: You’re up very late for a 10 year old. Blocked. 
$C: Juicy 
$C: My school has a middle school built into side of it so the bus being horrible is great motivation 
$C: Haha ok ;)
$C: So it's basically worthless and you're irrationally attached to it. Yes I thought so. The reality is they aren't common questions. Things that are common and foundational are far more important. 
$C: ☮️
$C: The answer to your question is a hard yes you're wrong if you're proven wrong, even if you die thinking you're correct. Case in point: Adolf Hitler
$C: That edit came in right before I got your comment thanking me for teaching you a couple new things. You are free to PM me to continue this discourse at any point. I can't turn off the desire to educate. I taught for my first three years in South Central Los Angeles. You literally could not temper my flame of passion for educating. I've been shoved, spit on, cussed out, and still taught without judgement. Please feel free to take me up on that offer. I apologize for my harshness, I entered into this conversation thinking you were an adult and spoke to you as I would speak to one. You're still growing. I'm still growing. All is forgiven on my end.
$C: I would miss it too. That's how indeed about traveling, trying to find that perfect place.  The happiness I feel here pales in comparison to every single feeling I would have there. 
$C: I sound like I’m making too many excuses :/ I need to stop that and just do something.
$C: Ah, a years not so bad looking from the outside. I'm sure it's torture while you're waiting though. Well congrats and I wish you the best with it.
$C: Which link? Always looking to improve my sources. Thanks for the explanation too.
$C: Man that sucks. Also I am not trying to rate shittiness I just think there's a fair amount of death in general around.
$C: You are the one who said as an adult you wish you had more discipline, which doesn't really make sense in my mind, and I read it as you wish you had more self-discipline for various tasks. I'm not trying to argue with you, just trying to maybe get you to see that trait of discipline from a different perspective.

https://medium.com/@CMAHCA/discipline-vs-self-discipline-whats-the-difference-3371ada3151e

an article that sums of the difference pretty well. You yourself can become more self-disciplined, it isn't something that required strong discipline by parents / educational institutions when you were a kid that you ignored or did not benefit from so now you have no hope of attaining self-discipline
$C: Definition of discipline
1 a : control gained by enforcing obedience or order
b : orderly or prescribed conduct or pattern of behavior
c : self-control
2 : punishment
3 : training that corrects, molds, or perfects the mental faculties or moral character
4 : a field of study
5 : a rule or system of rules governing conduct or activity

this is the "discipline" that is happening when students are doing homework, you are not gaining the trait of "discipline" by doing homework, being disciplined or having the ability to be disciplined in some task does not come from being forced to do a task, being able to be disciplined or have self-discipline is not something that can be taught
$C: Nice. Wild times man.
$C: > and it has worked extemely well.

In the last 40 years real wage growth for the median worker has been 0.  For some segments (the poor) wages have actually decreased.  History has proved that market growth doesn't guarantee an improved standard of living, and if the right wing continues to become more and more powerful (as it has over the last 40 years in the industrialized west) then it can roll back social programs that provide a base SOL and wage/benefit protections that guarantee some standards for others.  

If this wage trend and the political trends of undermining organized labor, politically guaranteed benefits, and social safety programs continue, the SOL of the poor and even the median worker will decline, even as the markets and productivity generally grow.  Nothing about capitalism guarantees that quality of life will improve for the worst off, and nothing about capitalist democracy guarantees that the poor and lower middle class will be provided for when the market doesn't satisfy their basic needs.  The fact that millions of citizens in the world's richest nation (children included) go hungry and/or don't have homes should be evidence enough of this to seriously question this dogmatic belief in the virtue of decidedly amoral market forces that thrive when workers go without
$C: Blueberries
$C: So you're bunched together with middle schoolers? Yea that would be a motivator lol
$C: You're entitled to your wrong opinion. Basic multiplication is common and foundational.
$C: Hey, I was on the job hunt for second half of college + 4 months, and I legitimately fell into what might be the best job for a tech/PC-minded guy like me could go for. 

Figure out what you like to do, what things you do when you have free time are a good start, and build off those. Branch them towards things you *might* wanna do, and just keep going
$C: It is and thank you
$C: We are almost at the end of the process with the little guy.. mother gave up rights. State has custody, and we are an extremely likely candidate over anyone else. We've had him a little over a year.  We had his brother for 4 months before a relative stepped in to take him. We are also on good terms with the mother.  I would say over all our precess has been really good even though the 3 year old has some issues and can be a handful. But what 3 year olds can't.?
$C: [removed]
$C: Nice! You're learning! 

Now scroll down the page you got this from ([merriam-webster.com](https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/discipline)) and read the section called "Examples of discipline in a Sentence" 

This one is my favourite:
> Keeping a journal is a good discipline for a writer.

Weird!!! It also doesn't say "good **self**-discipline for a writer"


Go ahead /u/sargetlost and delete your comments if you're embarassed. Maybe if you did more homework growing up you'd be less smug and know more words?
$C: [deleted]
$C: .html
$C: It's only like 1/5 of the bus but they are a vocal minority I'll tell ya that 
$C: That's funny you can't name one time when you actually use it. 
$C: I can't blame you.. it sure is a shame man.
$C: And keeping that journal requires self-discipline for a writer, self-motivation. As an adult you no longer have your parents or institutions holding some negative consequences over your head to get you to do something, you have to derive the consequences or benefits yourSELF.
$C: Again, the difference between you and I is that I HAVE alot of "discipline" or as I say, self-discipline, whereas you admitted that you do not and wish you had more. So with that being the case if anything, if you wanted to improve yourself, instead of being an ass you would try and adhere to the notion of self-discipline replacing your notion of discipline, instead of sticking to a definition that has not benefited you
$C: > We can pretty much universally see that when GDP rises, so does SOL. That tends to hold historically true.

...except for the fact that in america this has objectively not been the case for millions of workers over the span of decades?  I just presented factual evidence that contradicts the narrative born of looking at societal averages

> Capitalist Democracy does not mean throwing everyone to the wolves, nor is any country that exists a pure unregulated market economy on a large scale.

I'm not claiming that one does.  I'm saying that in America millions are thrown to the wolves, and nothing about capitalism or democracy inherently ensure that they won't be.  

> If you want to take a look at Luxembourg instead, the second richest and a more traditional democratic, market-based, western country, they have some of the lowest levels of poverty in the world. Your argument doesn’t really make sense in this case?

Luxembourg is not at all a typical western nation lol.  It is far and beyond wealthier per person than a typical western nation and it's absurdly small.  It's in no way representative of the norm for the vast majority

But we're obviously not talking about Luxembourg (although good for them that they have a functioning social democracy, it's obviously one of the better examples).  I'm talking about america, where millions go hungry and are homeless.  

But your argument misses the point entirely.  America is obviously the nation I was referring to.  It has millions living in abject poverty.  This is in a society where we could have ensured everyone has enough food and housing a century ago.  The shortages are 100% due to our distribution of resources, which markets throughout their history have ensured that in america huge percentages of the population will .

It's not about comparing America to kleptocracies in the global south (especially since many of them are capitalist democracies too, I don't really see how that proves your point), it's about looking at how the poverty that exists today in America is a direct consequence of the markets and democracy not being sufficient to provide for even their most basic needs.  Which is my entire point: capitalism may have been beneficial in accumulating the productive capacities that give us insane amounts of excess produce.  But poverty still exists exactly b/c of how this capital (and consequently, it's produce) is distributed.  So America is a perfect example of pointing out the failures of capitalism (to eliminate extreme poverty when it has had the means to do so for a century)
$C: Yeah they are. So, because I go to a technical school for I.T and such, we get a bunch of middle schoolers taking tours. They are LOUD! Whenever I'm working on a program or checking I.Ps they come in and I lose focus. 
$C: I'm not naming a time because any single instance is easily trivialized as not that big a deal, but it is important for basic multiplication to be automatic for more advanced concepts to ever become intuitive.
$C: [removed]
$C: [deleted]
$C: God I feel bad for you middle schoolers do not need tours.
$C: It does not need to be automatic. It's pointless. Multiplication has nothing to do with more advanced mathematics. You can go through the entirety of calculus with nothing but extremely basic multiplications, and you certainly don't have to do them instantly. 
$C: Ouch. One of my good friends got onto H real hard and ended up in prison for it, while in prison 2nd time his brother who was like 18 ODed following in his footsteps so he didn't go to funeral even. Last i heard he's turned it all around.
$C: > Well yeah, everyone would argue that is a failure of policy. Similar nations do not have the same failures the United States does. Nothing inherently ensures people won't be thrown to the wolves in a fascist or socialist society, either. I'm not too sure how that's a critique that can solely be levied onto democracy or capitalism.

It is the combination of the markets not providing for large segments of the population coupled w/ the apathy of the remainder to address these problems.  In a truly socialist society as the economy grows the goods and services that everyone has access to increase, there's no differentiation based on class.  The produce of the us distributed socially would not involve poverty.  Fascism is economically just state capitalism, it would be subject to the same market issues that capitalist democracies are but w/ less recourse for the poor.

Of course you could argue that socialism is inherently corrupt or economically inefficient, that's not the point I was trying to make.  I was trying to criticize the viewpoint that standards of living must necessarily increase in the capitalist world for all segments of workers over time, when history shows that that's not the case.  

> Not really sure what you meant by this. A century ago the United States had one of the highest standards of living in the world. If this was a result of capitalism and democracy, the alternatives were doing a hell of a lot worse.

Just because alternatives were worse doesn't mean that what america had was good.  Also a century ago there was no state capitalist government like the soviet union to compare to, but the rise in standards of living from "communist" state capitalist nations like china and the ussr has been even faster than that which was experienced by the us.  Capitalism isn't solely to thank for raising standards of living

But again, that's not my main point.  My point is that no one in the us has to go hungry, and hasn't for decades or centuries.  Our system of production ensures that the poorest will, however, and our republican institutions have not succeeded in providing for the hungry.  A system where the poor (and workers generally) had greater, democratic control over the workplace and the produce of society would be vastly more well equipped to deal w/ those problems than the laissez faire capitalist democracy we have now.

It's bad policy in that it fails to address the fundamental needs of society that capitalism ignores.  What's bad about it is that it lets capitalism function w/out impediment, social ownership of the means of production could potentially solve many of its problem w/o recourse to policy
$C: Yeah they really push middle schoolers to apply to be "college and career ready!", but the funny thing is that I'm in 11th grade, and only _now_ are we getting to certifications. 
$C: ell oh ell
$C: [deleted]
$C: I'm in 11th grade and didn't even know of such programs 
$C: Yeah pretty much what I expected from you. You should reflect on your actions here. 
$C: > As we just went over though, most established, well-run market-based economies don't have these problems. 

But two of the oldest, and the single largest one (us and uk) do.  Those that have solved these problems have done so using strong elements of social democracy, a quasi socialist ideology that advocates many of the same things that out and out socialists do (democratic worker organizations w/ strong power in the functioning of the economy, nationalization, healthcare, food, and housing as rights regardless of market prices).  The success in alleviating poverty in these nations stems not from their markets, but rather from their attempts to subvert the natural course of the markets through democratic means.  I don't think the scandinavian countries are socialist but social democracy is a somewhat anti market, anti capitalist ideology

> "But this time, it's different!" You have the ability to just make up some fairy-tale about an ideal, Utopian society where there will be no problems or poverty. You aren't using any data or research to back this up, just Marxian ideology. The reality is that pretty much every society that has tried these has completely failed. The few successful ones were either civilizations from thousands of years ago or have transitioned to free market democracies. When someone brings up the failed attempts, it's always "but that wasn't true socialism!". If these ideals are really so idiosyncratic and complicated to implement that the majority of the time they are never implemented properly, just how good is the foundation of this system?

No democratic society w/ socialist institutions has ever existed.  There have been authoritarian state capitalist nations like china and the ussr, and socialist parties in control of free market economies.  Yes, I'm talking about something that's wildly impractical to imagine in the next few decades.  I'm talking about worker ownership of capital and hyper democracy.  

> This is just statistically wrong... ...in pretty much every way, though.

I've already explained that this has been the case for the last 40 years though.  The fact that it can over a 40 year period means that this trend could continue w/ the "right" policies

> In any ideal society we are all trying to create world peace, solve poverty, and hunger, but data has not shown any gains like anything we've seen from capitalist systems.

This is just wrong.  The two cases of the fastest growth in history and the greatest alleviation of poverty occurred in the soviet union under stalin and in china during the market liberalization period.  Now I would contend that neither were truly socialist, but you seem to think that argument is specious.  So if you agree that the presence of an authoritarian, ostensibly socialist government w/ strong state involvement in the economy makes a nation socialist, then you have to admit that socialism has provided extreme alleviation of poverty, even if the majority of the world's population lives under capitalist rule and so numerically it's only natural that the most people who rise out of poverty will do so under capitalism

> You keep saying this, but countries with the lowest poverty are capitalist, and it has worked extremely well for them. How is this a failure of capitalism and not of US policy?

I really don't know how much clearer I can make this.  It's a failure of us policy insofar as it fails to address the flaws inherent in capitalism (namely, poverty wages, homelessness, and starvation even for hard working individuals despite an extreme overabundance of resources).  If you claim that the economic collapse of ostensibly socialist states in the late 80s and early 90s is a failure of socialism despite their strong economic health in the preceding decades, then surely you'd admit that the perpetual inability of capitalist states like the US to fix poverty is a damning indictment of capitalism

> [Citation needed]. We have yet to ever see this happen directly from socialism.

We have yet to see this from the authoritarian, centrally planned economies that called themselves socialist.  It's a different form of capitalism, just as naziism and Koch-esque libertarianism are different forms of capitalism.  You yourself are saying what you ridiculed me for suggesting earlier: that democratic socialism and worker ownership of all capital has never been attempted, everything that has been tried thus far was the attempt of an authoritarian clique to control the economy by themselves.  

> Anyway, regardless of what we think, I would just like to thank you for having a well-thought-out discussion and allowing us to actually debate each other without us devolving into "no you're a retard" and arguments like that. I really am enjoying reading and seeing your POV and ideals.

Hey, thank you, you too dude!  I hate it when this sort of thing devolves into a slap fight, and I always appreciate conversing w/ someone who has different opinions but is respectful and well informed.  I think we should probably call it a day though, I think we're about at the point of talking in circles here.  Of course if you want the last word I wouldn't deny you that lol
$C: There might not be one near you. When I was in middle school they had a rep. come out to my school and did a assembly to discuss the school. Although it a bit late for you, you could look for Vo-Tech schools in your area. 
$C: There probably isn't not alot of programs except with colleges where I am
$C: I'm not sure how common they are tbh. 
