Two weeks before his inauguration, Donald J. Trump was shown highly classified intelligence indicating that President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia had personally ordered complex cyberattacks to sway the 2016 American election

$C: >In July 2017, just after meeting Mr. Putin for the first time, Mr. Trump told a New York Times reporter that the Russian president had made a persuasive case that Moscow’s cyberskills were so good that the government’s hackers would never have been caught. Therefore, Mr. Trump recounted from his conversation with Mr. Putin, Russia must not have been responsible.

If anyone thinks for a second that Putin, with complete confidence that he wouldn't get caught, wouldn't penetrate America's cyber defenses then they need to seriously examine their logic.
$C: I just don't get it. How do people think Trump is looking to help the little guy, aka us citizens? He wants to run the country like a business. He is basically only looking out for his wallet and his own ass.

He has praised dictators and put Putin on a pedestal above all else.

He has unethically benefited from a business standpoint by having the government spend millions at his hotels. 

He has refused to demonstrate sympathy when a tragic shooting occurs.

He has mocked gold star families.

He goes on tirades on Twitter.

He fabricates "facts" (like the ones related to the Queen) to make himself seem better.

He had a scandal with a porn star.

He has literally been caught saying grab em by the pussy (and said some incestuous stuff about his daughter).

He constantly attacks the Constitution of Free Speech by calling various journalism "Fake News". 

He has ruined our relationships with previous allies.

He tried to start a trade war.

His tax cuts only helped large corporations and he defended the cuts by saying the employees would benefit when in reality the tax cuts stimulated buybacks of stock.

For the love of God I don't understand how people don't understand that he is not on par with all of the proper presidents we have had in the past. Trump is a stain on the legacy of presidents we have. If he has been capable of all this why do people think it's not possible that he is colluding with Russia or at the very least that he is obstructing Mueller from his investigation? 
$C: Man all this stuff is going to be amazing in future history classes.
$C: The most gold stars ive seen
$C: I want off Uncle Sam's wild ride
$C: I remember my first job, I got fired for being late *once*. I pushed shopping carts.
$C: "Wait, that's the same Vladimir V. Putin that we saw the other day? Aw guys, *you gotta tell me these things!*"


$C: I think it needs reminding that John Locke, of whom the founding fathers were very well aware of when constructing the Constitution, stated in the Second Treatise of Government that those elected MUST be elected by those being governed. If a government is found to have been swayed by an outside influence, which meant that it was NOT duly elected by those abiding by the social contract by renewing that contract, then that government should be dissolved.  Locke advocated that it is an essential right, of the people and by the people, to revolt when the government failed in its duties to protect its citizens, their property, and their rights.
$C: !-- ***FOR ANYONE WHO CAN'T READ THE ARTICLE:*** (Ctrl+F helper: mirror; text)--!


From the Start, Trump Has Muddied a Clear Message: Putin Interfered

David E. Sanger and Matthew Rosenberg

July 19, 2018

James B. Comey, James R. Clapper Jr. and John O. Brennan at a Senate hearing on Russia’s election interference in January 2017.CreditAl Drago/The New York Times

By David E. Sanger and Matthew Rosenberg

WASHINGTON — Two weeks before his inauguration, Donald J. Trump was shown highly classified intelligence indicating that President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia had personally ordered complex cyberattacks to sway the 2016 American election.

The evidence included texts and emails from Russian military officers and information gleaned from a top-secret source close to Mr. Putin, who had described to the C.I.A. how the Kremlin decided to execute its campaign of hacking and disinformation.

Mr. Trump sounded grudgingly convinced, according to several people who attended the intelligence briefing. But ever since, Mr. Trump has tried to cloud the very clear findings that he received on Jan. 6, 2017, which his own intelligence leaders have unanimously endorsed.

The shifting narrative underscores the degree to which Mr. Trump regularly picks and chooses intelligence to suit his political purposes. That has never been more clear than this week.

On Monday, standing next to the Russian president in Helsinki, Finland, Mr. Trump said he accepted Mr. Putin’s denial of Russian election intrusions. By Tuesday, faced with a bipartisan political outcry, Mr. Trump sought to walk back his words and sided with his intelligence agencies.

On Wednesday, when a reporter asked, “Is Russia still targeting the U.S.?” Mr. Trump shot back, “No” — directly contradicting statements made only days earlier by his director of national intelligence, Dan Coats, who was sitting a few chairs away in the Cabinet Room. (The White House later said he was responding to a different question.)

Hours later, in a CBS News interview, Mr. Trump seemed to reverse course again. He blamed Mr. Putin personally, but only indirectly, for the election interference by Russia, “because he’s in charge of the country.”

In the run-up to this week’s ducking and weaving, Mr. Trump has done all he can to suggest other possible explanations for the hacks into the American political system. His fear, according to one of his closest aides who spoke on the condition of anonymity, is that any admission of even an unsuccessful Russian attempt to influence the 2016 vote raises questions about the legitimacy of his presidency.

The Jan. 6, 2017, meeting, held at Trump Tower, was a prime example. He was briefed that day by John O. Brennan, the C.I.A. director; James R. Clapper Jr., the director of national intelligence; and Adm. Michael S. Rogers, the director of the National Security Agency and the commander of United States Cyber Command.

The F.B.I. director, James B. Comey, was also there; after the formal briefing, he privately told Mr. Trump about the “Steele dossier.” That report, by a former British intelligence officer, included uncorroborated salacious stories of Mr. Trump’s activities during a visit to Moscow, which he denied.

According to nearly a dozen people who either attended the meeting with the president-elect or were later briefed on it, the four primary intelligence officials described the streams of intelligence that convinced them of Mr. Putin’s role in the election interference.

President-elect Donald J. Trump on Jan. 6, 2017, the day he was briefed on cyberattacks designed to sway the 2016 American election.CreditSam Hodgson for The New York Times

They included stolen emails from the Democratic National Committee that had been seen in Russian military intelligence networks by the British, Dutch and American intelligence services. Officers of the Russian intelligence agency formerly known as the G.R.U. had plotted with groups like WikiLeaks on how to release the email stash.

And ultimately, several human sources had confirmed Mr. Putin’s own role.

That included one particularly valuable source, who was considered so sensitive that Mr. Brennan had declined to refer to it in any way in the Presidential Daily Brief during the final months of the Obama administration, as the Russia investigation intensified.

Instead, to keep the information from being shared widely, Mr. Brennan sent reports from the source to Mr. Obama and a small group of top national security aides in a separate, white envelope to assure its security.

Mr. Trump and his aides were also given other reasons during the briefing to believe that Russia was behind the D.N.C. hacks.

The same Russian groups had been involved in cyberattacks on the State Department and White House unclassified email systems in 2014 and 2015, and in an attack on the Joint Chiefs of Staff. They had aggressively fought the N.S.A. against being ejected from the White House system, engaging in what the deputy director of the agency later called “hand-to-hand combat” to dig in.

The pattern of the D.N.C. hacks, and the theft of emails from John D. Podesta, Hillary Clinton’s campaign chairman, fit the same pattern.

After the briefings, Mr. Trump issued a statement later that day that sought to spread the blame for the meddling. He said “Russia, China and other countries, outside groups and countries” were launching cyberattacks against American government, businesses and political organizations — including the D.N.C.

Still, Mr. Trump said in his statement, “there was absolutely no effect on the outcome of the election.”

Mr. Brennan later told Congress that he had no doubt where the attacks were coming from.

“I was convinced in the summer that the Russians were trying to interfere in the election,” he said in testimony in May 2017. “And they were very aggressive.”

For Mr. Trump, the messengers were as much a part of the problem as the message they delivered.

Mr. Brennan and Mr. Clapper were both Obama administration appointees who left the government the day Mr. Trump was inaugurated. The new president soon took to portraying them as political hacks who had warped the intelligence to provide Democrats with an excuse for Mrs. Clinton’s loss in the election.

Mr. Comey fared little better. He was fired in May 2017 after refusing to pledge his loyalty to Mr. Trump and pushing forward on the federal investigation into whether the Trump campaign had cooperated with Russia’s election interference.

Only Admiral Rogers, who retired this past May, was extended in office by Mr. Trump. (He, too, told Congress that he thought the evidence of Russian interference was incontrovertible.)

President Trump, meeting with Mr. Putin in Helsinki, Finland, on Monday, said he accepted Mr. Putin’s denial of Russian election intrusions.CreditDoug Mills/The New York Times

And the evidence suggests Russia continues to be very aggressive in its meddling.

In March, the Department of Homeland Security declared that Russia was targeting the American electric power grid, continuing to riddle it with malware that could be used to manipulate or shut down critical control systems. Intelligence officials have described it to Congress as a chief threat to American security.

Just last week, Mr. Coats said that current cyberthreats were “blinking red” and called Russia the “most aggressive foreign actor, no question.”

“And they continue their efforts to undermine our democracy,” he said.

Christopher A. Wray, the F.B.I. director, also stood firm.

“The intelligence community’s assessment has not changed,” Mr. Wray said on Wednesday at the Aspen Security Forum. “My view has not changed, which is that Russia attempted to interfere with the last election and continues to engage in malign influence operations to this day.”

The Russian efforts are “aimed at sowing discord and divisiveness in this country,” he continued. “We haven’t yet seen an effort to target specific election infrastructure this time. We could be just a moment away from the next level.”

“It’s a threat we need to take extremely seriously and respond to with fierce determination and focus.”

Almost as soon as he took office, Mr. Trump began casting doubts on the intelligence on Russia’s election interference, though never taking issue with its specifics.

He dismissed it broadly as a fabrication by Democrats and part of a “witch hunt” against him. He raised unrelated issues, including the state of investigations into Mrs. Clinton’s home computer server, to distract attention from the central question of Russia’s role — and who, if anyone, in Mr. Trump’s immediate orbit may have worked with them.

In July 2017, just after meeting Mr. Putin for the first time, Mr. Trump told a New York Times reporter that the Russian president had made a persuasive case that Moscow’s cyberskills were so good that the government’s hackers would never have been caught. Therefore, Mr. Trump recounted from his conversation with Mr. Putin, Russia must not have been responsible.

Since then, Mr. Trump has routinely disparaged the intelligence about the Russian election interference. Under public pressure — as he was after his statements in Helsinki on Monday — he has periodically retreated. But even then, he has expressed confidence in his intelligence briefers, not in the content of their findings.

That is what happened again this week, twice.

Mr. Trump’s statement in Helsinki led Mr. Coats to reaffirm, in a statement he deliberately did not get cleared at the White House, that American intelligence agencies had no doubt that Russia was behind the 2016 hack.

That contributed to Mr. Trump’s decision on Tuesday to say that he had misspoken one word, and that he did believe Russia had interfered — although he also veered off script to declare: “Could be other people also. A lot of people out there.”


$C: Okay, but **what do we do?**
$C: Trump is the President, he's had access to all the top secret information and proof of what Russia has done this whole time. This is what makes his denials truly concerning.
$C: This seems to be a national emergency.
$C: Well if this isn't the end of his presidency then i'm afraid there is no end. 
$C: *After the briefings, Mr. Trump issued a statement later that day that sought to spread the blame for the meddling. He said “Russia, China and other countries, outside groups and countries” were launching cyberattacks against American government, businesses and political organizations — including the D.N.C.*

*Still, Mr. Trump said in his statement, “there was absolutely no effect on the outcome of the election.”*   

He's been trying to tamp it down ever since either because he thinks it taints his election victory or because he doesn't want to condemn Russia for unknown reasons.
$C: It still baffles me this is real life. 
$C: It’s so disappointing that we’ve become so desensitized, if this were any other president this would be such a massive deal but instead it’s likely just another headline. VOTE IN THE NEXT ELECTION, INCLUDING MIDTERMS. 
$C: There is a serious chance that some of our spies have been killed because of Trump. We would never know until 70 years from now when it's all declassified.
$C: > The evidence included texts and emails from Russian military officers and information gleaned from a top-secret source close to Mr. Putin, who had described to the C.I.A. how the Kremlin decided to execute its campaign of hacking and disinformation.

Trump is currently engaging in an ongoing criminal conspiracy, and he has been for years.
$C: Does anyone else feel like this last week has been building up to something?
$C: [deleted]
$C: The longer this congress goes without taking action, the closer we get to losing the republic. 

No one will ever believe election results in the future unless things change immediately. 

If we can’t protect our elections, this country is doomed. 
$C:  There should be an investigation to see if anyone in the Trump administration has any ties to America. 
$C: At this point, it's just a question of the specific details of how everything exactly played out and to what extent republicans outside of the Trump campaign are complicit. The current public knowledge is already more than damning enough to conclude that there was communication and coordination with Russians and a deliberate campaign to undermine the investigation into it.
$C: Fox News: now here’s how this was Obama’s fault
$C: The craziest thing is that his supporters (and that isn’t just confined to T_D)  are willfully supporting Russian interference in the name of winning. 

I can’t think of another president in the history of our country that could’ve gotten away with purposefully muddying the waters on such a critical issue involving a national enemy. Any other president would be facing crimes right now. But he isn’t because his party is beholden to his supporters, who will not disavow this man no matter what comes out. 

This is where our country is. A very large portion of the US just doesn’t give a shit. Call it a cult of popularity. Call it lack of education. Call it whatever, but fuck man this is embarrassing. 
$C: Remember to vote November 6th www.vote.org has all your voting needs.
$C: This seems like kind of a big deal.
$C: #\#TRE45ON
$C: And yet Clinton got impeached for getting some head and lying about it... 
$C: Just a few of the tweets from Jan. 6 - 11th.

[Blaming the DNC for the hack](https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/817579925771341825)

[More blaming](https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/817703208567078913)

[Attacking "stupid people" for not understanding getting along with Russia is a good thing](https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/817748207694467072)

[Attacking the intel community](https://twitter.com/i/web/status/817542630682796033)

[More outraged over the leak to NBC than the contents of the report](https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/818169485169410048)

[Calling reports of Russian meddling "fake news!!"](https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/819162968592183298)
$C: Upvote this shit to the top so everyone knows how the President of the United States has been lying to the American people for going on 2 years now, over and over again. He needs to be impeached immediately for obstruction of justice.
$C: Every time I refresh Reddit since Friday it seems there’s a highly gilded, highly upvoted new article about this Russia stuff really hitting the fan. I’ve been traveling and recovering from sickness, so I’m really behind... but I get the sinking feeling that this is all just the same old echo chamber of reasonable Americans who want Trump out. 

It really seems to be ramping up, but is this really *the thing?* Is this a tipping point? I desperately want to believe it is. I followed this investigation meticulously for a year and a half, but the last 3-4 months I’m just so exhausted. I feel like nothing is ever going to change.

Is this any different than all the times before? 

(Sorry, I feel like everyone asks this question every day but if someone can ELI5 about what is actually going on I’d be so appreciative.)
$C: Worst president ever.
$C: Bosnian Australian dude here.

I'm genuinely worried about you guys. A lot of us are freaking out too but we're rooting for team USA. 

America was already great before Trump's campaign but the whole world is watching this thinking about Trump when in reality it's far more than that. Your country's sovereignty is at risk, people are losing faith in the democratic process and whole swarms of people have essentially been brainwashed, even the president. I mean, Bill got his dick sucked and was impeached. Trump hasn't taken Putin's out of his mouth and he's still hanging around?

It's like WW3 started in a dark room full of computers in Russia and nobody noticed America was losing till not even now. 
$C: Unless the people who are supposed to be checking this bullshit start doing it, I'm going to consider myself living in a lawless country.
$C: I've been feeling kind of numb, but holy shit. It's hard to put into words, I'm tired of all this bullshit. It's hard enough to deal with life, let alone trying to keep track of the shit storm that has been the last two years. What the fuck can I say? Words seem to have lost their meaning in this shit show.
$C: I'm a young blue collar kind of guy with the understanding that my opinion doesn't hold a tremendous amount of weight in the political arena but our government is supposed to compensate for that by giving my vote a credible voice so to speak. When my voice is taken away by a foreign government and I'm being told hush by my own government and called a liar, what the fuck kind of future can I hope for my kids?
$C: Do something about it America 
$C: > Mr. Trump regularly picks and chooses intelligence to suit his political purposes.

[Holy shit NYT.](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CcSIy6NVIAAw-mo.jpg)
$C: It is crucial that in the following months leading up to November that at no point do people sway from the focus, which is that *every single member of congress* who fails to remove this traitor from power is, themselves, **a traitor to the United States of America.**

That language is paramount. Ads, signs, you name it: **TRAITOR**. 

Supporting this spineless un-American piece of shit should come with it a brand of traitor that will never wash away because nobody who supports him truly supports America. 

And if you're sitting there reading this and thinking "but I still support him, and I support America", no. You don't. You, too, are a traitor and you are a walking disgrace of an American. 
$C: Thing is, as much as this is a problem with how rotten Trump is, it’s also a problem with congress and the Republican Party just shrugging their shoulders with every lie and mistake he makes, siding with him no matter what. How many times it’s been clear Trump is unfit to run a lemonade stand let alone a country, yet nothing is done.

It’s 100% clear where the priorities of this party are, how they will blatantly put money, power and party well before the well being and future of the country or its citizens.

We’re talking about a president that lies on a daily basis, ignores basic intelligence, contradicts himself, has the need to feed and validate his huge ego, alienates and infuriates his closest allies, and lacks some of the basic intelligence you’d need to get a hight school degree.

How an entire party, government and part of a country can ignore so much incompetence and keep siding with him, believe every word that comes out of his mouth isn’t just baffling to America, but the world.

When does this end? What will it take for congress and republicans to realize that this man is not fit to be president? They’re all living in a little bubble where they can say and do anything they want without consequences. Well somehow this bubble needs to pop, or else I fear for the future of not just the states, but the world. 
$C: I don't understand. If the CIA was there when he was shown this evidence, why haven't they spoken up?
$C: Unfortunately, he was unable to read it.
$C: wtf has this dude created the witch hunt himself just to have total chaos?
$C: If Trump is impeached for collusion/treason, I want him to still have a presidential portrait. Only, it should show him turning his back towards the viewer, face hidden.

This illiterate ragamuffin needs to be tossed in prison for treason.
$C: Never forget the men who were scooped up by the Russian government and charged with treason shortly after trumps inauguration.  There were 3 of them abruptly arrested the same day iirc.  There is no doubt in my mind trump or kushner provided the names as soon as they had access to them.

Edit: link 

https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.bbc.com/news/amp/world-europe-38831233
$C: [deleted]
$C: Far worse than one traitor, is an entire group that used him and stayed silent.

The GOP knew. Ryan and others _joked_ about it. 

The GOP needs to be extinguished 
$C: 100k upvotes in 4 hours. impressive
$C: This whole time he is been trying to act like russia didn’t do it and he fucking well knew we had prof Putin ordered the attack on fucking our elections.. how are republicans not impeaching this fucking asshole?
$C: I see all of these articles of people, including some of our congressmen, actually disapproving of Trump's treason. The question that I always want to *scream* at the top of my lungs to them is:

#WHAT ARE YOU GUYS GOING TO DO ABOUT IT!? 
$C: Hell Trump supporters will support him no matter what he does. 
$C: The more I learn about this the more infuriated I feel about our government. What a colossal failure by our government to prevent and mitigate this whole situation.

It’s like watching someone run across the room to slap you and not do anything to stop it.
$C: So it's Tre45on then?
$C: So I guess we’re just not gonna do anything about this either? 
$C: No sane person can look at this whole situation and claim the Russians are to be trusted. At all. 
$C: This article was infuriating. Republicans better come to their senses soon. 
$C: Misspoke, two weeks before Inauguration he WASN’T shown highly classified information about election interference, amirite..
$C: I dont even know how to perceive any of this anymore. Certainly in 2018 we arent letting this happen.
$C: What are the odds he‘s still in office at Halloween?
$C: [Includes top secret human sources](https://twitter.com/passantino/status/1019762358766395393?s=19)
$C: So what happens now? Is Trump going to not be the president in the near future? Is the US going to sanction Russia for its meddling?
$C: It fucking pisses me off there's people out there like Tomi lahren screaming "these liberals are screaming Russia because they lost the election" UGH! 
$C: “They meant to write **wasn’t** not **was**,”

-Trump
$C: 2:17 AM EST this post hit 100k upvotes
$C: USA has started to look more and more like a merchant republic from Crusader Kings II. 
$C: And he appointed Mike Flynn, a known foreign agent, to the position of *national security advisor* **anyway**.  He knew.
$C: As a non-American, isn't this level of corroborated treason like, a capital offence? 
$C: As someone who voted for him, I’m officially hoping he’s ether impeached or loses in 2020
$C: > The evidence included texts and emails from Russian military officers and information gleaned from a top-secret source close to Mr. Putin, who had described to the C.I.A. how the Kremlin decided to execute its campaign of hacking and disinformation.

Wow.

> Mr. Trump sounded grudgingly convinced, according to several people who attended the intelligence briefing. But ever since, Mr. Trump has tried to cloud the very clear findings that he received on Jan. 6, 2017, which his own intelligence leaders have unanimously endorsed.

And this is ultimately the damning part. If you stop and take a step back and think about how, since 2017, Donald Trump has known it was Putin, it makes all of his statements on Russian hacking more shady, because he *has* done nothing except try to confuse everyone with statements in every direction:

"It wasn't Putin", "It was Putin, but it could've been others", "It was Putin!", "It was the Democrats", etc. etc. etc.

Exhibit A:

> On Monday, standing next to the Russian president in Helsinki, Finland, Mr. Trump said he accepted Mr. Putin’s denial of Russian election intrusions. By Tuesday, faced with a bipartisan political outcry, Mr. Trump sought to walk back his words and sided with his intelligence agencies.

> On Wednesday, when a reporter asked, “Is Russia still targeting the U.S.?” Mr. Trump shot back, “No” — directly contradicting statements made only days earlier by his director of national intelligence, Dan Coats, who was sitting a few chairs away in the Cabinet Room. (The White House later said he was responding to a different question.)

> Hours later, in a CBS News interview, Mr. Trump seemed to reverse course again. He blamed Mr. Putin personally, but only indirectly, for the election interference by Russia, “because he’s in charge of the country.”

Three days - four different stances. On Monday it's "Russia didn't do it". On Tuesday it's "Russia did it", and on Wednesday it's "Russia did it but they stopped" (which makes no sense seeing as they've faced no repercussions for it since).

-----------------------

So ultimately, this is where I have the most issues with Donald Trump. You're the President. You know Russia attacked us. Okay, they did it to help you, but you had nothing to do with it! How do you handle it?

And every single scenario where I place myself into the POTUS's shoes and ask myself how I move forward knowing a foreign country interfered with our election and how I should handle it, is the *exact* opposite of how Trump has handled it.

I would immediately issue punishment to that country - Trump actually refuses to sign sanctions for several months, and when he does, they're extremely watered down sanctions with no real impact.

I would immediately issue a statement condemning and recognizing that the event took place - Trump, as we all know, has made statements in every single direction trying to sow confusion where their should be clarity.

I would, even if it's a symbolic thing, create or announce a task force specifically designed to combat cyberattacks against this country. If we already have one, I would publicly announce the orders for them to combat Russia's attacks, and maybe even make a case to boost their funding. - Trump scrapped the main Cyber Czar position and has no given no public orders to our military to conduct any such operation. Furthermore, the [State Department was given a substantial amount of funds to combat Cyber Attacks, and they've not spent a dime of it.](https://www.nytimes.com/2018/03/04/world/europe/state-department-russia-global-engagement-center.html)

For me, I just don't understand how, if you are *truly* innocent and had *nothing* to do with Russia interfering with our election, you can act like Trump does on a daily basis like this. It just doesn't make ANY sense whatsoever. At every single turn, he makes the best case that he's not only knowledgeable of the interference, but an active participant in it. At every turn, he praises Putin or refuses to acknowledge that he ordered the hacking (until he's not face-to-face with him). At every turn, he says the EXACT opposite thing that an innocent person would say.

And that's my biggest problem. The guy just blatantly acts guilty at every turn.
$C: When do we as people start to take action?  We need to be moving into the streets and start acting as whole for the better of the country.  The longer we let this slide, the longer it will take to get us back to were we where in terms of foreign relationships and information/intelligence sharing with our allies.  Its time Trump gets impeached.
$C: The most frustrating part of the article is that apparently Trump doesn't want to admit that the Russians interfered because he feels it would make his Presidency seem illegitimate. This is the most Trunp thing ever. Flush the entire Nation down the drain because of your fucking ego.
$C: So he knew Putin did it but has been telling the world he believes Putin's denial... Yeah, that's collusion.
$C: I actually can’t believe this is happening right now. This is big, real big...
$C: when I was a kid, I always imagined living in a dystopian scifi story would be cool. Like trench-coats, swords and smgs and shit. this is lame. this is fucking lame. 
$C: Do something more than comment on Reddit. Call someone in the house and tell them to impeach this traitor to America.

[http://clerk.house.gov/member\_info/mcapdir.aspx](http://clerk.house.gov/member_info/mcapdir.aspx)

 Area code 202. Republicans are in non-italic font.

House Majority Leader is Kevin McCarthy- (202) 225-2915

House Majority Whip is Steve Scalise- (202) 225-3015

Both offices are picking up phones.
$C: Unbelievable.  Trump cannot be trusted with national security.
$C: Is it just me or should this be higher on the front page? This is a big fucking deal 
$C: Red or Blue, this shit should no longer be a fucking sports game where everyone in America picks a side and sticks to it because "One day the Browns will have a good team."

Our president and many higher members of our government are compromised. You can all push for and vote for another red candidate in a few years, but we all need to be in agreement that this dude needs to be removed from office along with allowing Mueller's probe to continue to completion. If you are worried about how much money is being spent on the probe as an arguing point, then you need to make that same, if not stronger, disapproval known for the amount of money spent on personal outings to the president's own golf courses. Until the probe hits numbers that are unreasonable, or no longer shows progression...then we, as fucking Americans, need to continue to support the investigation. If this were reversed with Hillary and/or any blue candidate, then everyone should feel the EXACT SAME WAY. 

Stop putting the future of the country, the future of your lives, and the future of your children's lives at risks all for a stupid red hat. Let's save our country before it's too late, then go back to arguing about red vs blue.
$C: Can the U.S. just impeach this piece of shit now? For fucks sake. 
$C: Remember when Obama wore the wrong coloured suit and it was an outrage 
$C: Historians are going to have a field day with guy. 
$C: Without a doubt, Putin has something on Trump.  And I think it’s more than a pee tape.
$C: >" His fear, according to one of his closest aides who spoke on the condition of anonymity, is that any admission of even an unsuccessful Russian attempt to influence the 2016 vote raises questions about the legitimacy of his presidency."

That fear of questioning the legitimacy of his presidency is directly tied to the illegitimacy of his presidency.
$C: I'm American and I'm raising the "ignorant/stupid" flag. How has Trump not been impeached? Two of the main reasons for impeachment are bribery and treason.   


Bribery: There HAS to be a financial shady exchange going on here. That or Russia has some other noose around Trumps neck, either way there is something clearly going on behind closed doors here.  


Treason: " Treason against the United States, shall consist only in levying War  against them, or in adhering to their Enemies, giving them Aid and  Comfort. " Aid and comfort... I mean apart from actually dropping to his knees to blow Putin could Trump be doing any more comforting?   


I'm missing something, educate me Reddit.
$C: Geez, this post in less than 24H has become one of the top 5 posts of all time on reddit! Definitely getting the exposure it needs, keep up voting people! 
$C: This should still be on the front page even if it's 15 hours later 
$C: It amazes me how many lies and corruption the people of the United States proudly and blindly worship. It is unbelievable.
$C: Trump will go down as the most controversial President in American history. He'll be known as the Russian Puppet, and the man who single-handedly set back American foreign relations by a decade. Perhaps irreparably so.

But most of all, he'll be known as the man who withheld evidence from the American people, with the backing of a Republican-controlled Congress. The *only* way he will face consequences is if Republicans stand up and defend their country.

On a more positive note, I am delighted to see that despite attacks, the New York Times has shown the value of investigative journalism and media credibility. They have doggedly pursued this story, despite setbacks, distractions, significant misinformation, and above all questions of the media's credibility. Here we see their worth, their value, and their steadfast pursuit of the truth. Truly well done.

If and when Trump is impeached, I hope the New York Times and so many unsung media heroes get credit where credit is due.
$C: "I did not have sexual collusion with that country" 
$C: I like how all the deflections of Trump being a fucking moron Russian puppet is, "but Hillary!!!". Just because Hillary was shit too doesn't change what's happening now. You guys are going to throw your backs out doing all these backflips trying to justify this shit show.
$C: Turns out Noam Chomsky wasn't far wrong in 2017 when he stated that the Republican Party was the most dangerous organisation on earth.
$C: Please please please please tell me we're impeaching him please 
$C: Fucking march on Washington now. Get a lets march Reddit thread going. Please.
$C: St Petersburg is hard at work in this thread, spouting the same bullshit talking points over and over with day-old, even minutes-old accounts. Fuck off
$C: [Click here](https://www.vote.org/) to 

* Register to vote

* Check your registration status

* Get your absentee ballot

* Find your polling place

* Get an election reminder

Midterms matter just as much as the Presidential election. Vote.
$C: Help us Mr. Mueller, you're our only hope.
$C: \#TRE45ON
$C: This came out last night. Why the hell has Congress not drafted articles of impeachment yet? This man needs to be removed TODAY
$C: What would it take for Trump to be impeached or removed? Here in Ireland, it’s a totally different system where someone can be basically removed it the majority of parliament vote on it (which isn’t uncommon). I’m just curious about where the line is in the US.
$C: Guys, it's okay, Putin says he didn't do it.  
$C: I've watched this post grow from 20 gold to 50 gold to 72 gold in a mere 14 hours. When I saw it the first time it already had about 40k upvotes now on 174k. This post will be the most viewed post within a couple of days.
$C: Why is this not at the top or r/news?
$C: We have two real options ahead of us:  
  
A) Lie on the ground and let the US become Russia 2 or  
B) Vote on November 6th, 2018 to vote out the current members of congress complicit with all of this.  
  
Never give up, take care of yourself, and vote.
$C: Good job he didn't do something super bad and evil like get a blowjob.
$C: >In the run-up to this week’s ducking and weaving, Mr. Trump has done all he can to suggest other possible explanations for the hacks into the American political system. **His fear, according to one of his closest aides who spoke on the condition of anonymity, is that any admission of even an unsuccessful Russian attempt to influence the 2016 vote raises questions about the legitimacy of his presidency.**

His massive ego's weakness. Let's capitalize on this.

The Illegitimate President\*.
$C: Wow in regular countries people (rightfully) storm the streets for shit like this but americans are so lazy so it won't happen.
$C: I see no reason that he would be impeached... Sorry, what I meant to say was... I see no reason that he wouldn't be... You see... Kind of a double-negative?
$C: [And Clinton called him on it during a debate](https://youtu.be/jxFoLbcpZYQ) 
$C: Reminder that he tweeted [this](https://i.imgur.com/3qpf0W0.jpg) the same day he was debriefed. 
$C: Just impeach this sorry sack of shit of a human. For fucks sake, enough of this garbage.

$C: TRE45ON.
$C: Why is this not alllll over the news??? 
$C: Derilection of Duty?


 This is a whole new level of party wide criminality.  One we're not prepared for ( But considering every Republican election in my lifetime.. it's one we damn should be).


We may just have to give it a new name.

The point is that we prevent Trumpism from expanding.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Just imagine the mood of this meeting... "Mr president, you know, all those things your friends did to get you elected? Well, we know everything about it."
$C: THIS IS CRAP, YOU GUYS NEED TO TRY HARD IF YOU WANT HIM OUT OF OFFICE
$C: The Right hears ya.

The Right don't care! 
$C: Somewhat unrelated.. but I want to point out the impact of this information gained this post 43 GOLD.  It also gave this post 107K upvotes. Granted I share this information at 2:50am EST, 

I have never seen this level of enthusiastic participation on reddit. All I can do is remind my fellow American Redditors to register to vote and ACTUALLY VOTE.  Midterm primaries, where applicable, are next month and it’s important that you look up and down your sample ballots now to research the people you want not only to represent you, but that will take action for the greater good of our country.

As an addendum to my message, that is meant for non-American Redditors, I just want to say that as an American speaking on behalf of all Americans:

The majority of us did not want someone so under qualified in office, which you can see for yourself by tallying up the popular vote in the 2016 election.  The past is the past and what matters now is what we do moving into the future.  I have faith in my fellow Americans that we’ll do what is right, and please understand that words that come out of this under qualified man’s mouth do not represent true American ideals. Please bear with us through these tough times.

Edit:  grammar.
$C: For as big of a piece of news as this is, and it is big even by Trump's ridiculous standards, it won't move the needle for anyone since:

-Trump supporters will never believe anything negative about their beloved Fuhrer. The more factual something is, the more it constitutes as "Fake News" in their minds.

-The Republicans in Congress will remain on this sinking ship until the very last minute (ie, right before the upcoming midterms).

-The rest of us saw this coming from a mile away, although it's always nice to have confirmation of what you already knew.

To me, every day is simply one day closer to 11/6 and, hopefully, further indictments by Mueller and his team.
$C: So when is something ACTUALLY going to happen?
$C: Im not sure if I am being fed a lot of far left, over exaggerated democratic media or all this I really on point ( I understand that this article and the nyt are extremely reliable), but I read these stories and yet still no Trump indictment. 

Everyone’s chanting impeach Trump, but he slips out of everything and then goes and lies in front of the world for an hour and we all just accept it and say ‘typical Trump’. 

I hope Mueller’s just building up a case so his indictment really sticks because this shit is ridiculous. 
$C: At least suspend him for four games. It seems he was “generally aware”.
$C: Doesn't this make basically everything he's ever said publicly about Russia...

#a lie?
$C: The whataboutism is strong in this thread. 

This is about Trump knowingly lying to the American public and possibly assisting in the cover up of a crime. 

If you guys are mad that your tower is falling,  sorry for your loss. 
$C: I remember when Donald Trump was just some rich guy my parents pointed out every time we watched Home Alone 2. 

Now, all of these shenanigans. And this one might be of the highest order of magnitude yet.
$C: Wow that upvote ratio dropped like a rock.

Bots must have noticed.
$C: This shit is fucking unacceptable.

The entire GOP is complacent in allowing this to go unchecked. 
$C: Russian troll count on this thread alone must be in the hundreds by now
$C: Trump Supporters: It's Obama's fault he didn't stop Trump/the Russians!

Also Trump Supporters: The Russians didn't do it!

Logic, not even once!
$C: BUT THE EMAILS!!1!!1
$C: Donald Trump is a traitor to the republic and "President" should never be attached to his name
$C: FUCKING IMPEACH ALREADY, JESUS!

WHAT THE FUCK WILL IT TAKE?
$C: The fact that there are so many Americans in this thread denying everything still isn't even funny anymore, it's sad. Your country is under attack, you got fucked in the ass by a foreign power, and all you can do is sit there and say "lol no murica is great again"... The entire world is laughing at you...
$C: I'm just fucking fed up with this shit.  I'm sick and tired of reading headlines about this guy. No matter what he does, he seems to stay ahead of his impeachment by doing something even more outrageous than the previous thing.  We're always trying to keep up and it's defeating at times.
$C: My American friends, it's high fucking time to stop taking this guy's bullshit and lock the country down until he and his administration are out of there. **You currently have a criminal sitting in the highest office of the country**. This is unacceptable.
$C: It is clear, either through manipulation, ego, or a combination thereof, that Donald Trump is a traitor to the United States of America.
$C: Who knew that the next red scare would come from Republicans. 
$C: Bloody hell gilded 35 times? Thats more than the dead wife guy. But on a serious note we are all fucked.
$C: All the comments here do nothing. Go on the streets and ask for impeachment!
$C: This is extremely dangerous for our democracy.
$C: A vote for Trump is a vote for Russia. 
$C: Again.. How, How can this guy be president of the USA?! This guy is responsible for your country AND can also destroy the world economy.. and the world itself..
$C: Can we impeach him now? Clinton got impeached for less. This is what that system is for. 
$C: It all makes sense now. You wanna know why Trump keeps bringing up Hillary Clinton's misdeeds, aside from deflection and gaslighting? Because deep down in that walnut of a brain, he knows ***goddamn well*** that he didn't win this election fair and square, or perhaps as fair and square as he was led to believe. In any other scenario, he loses to Hillary because his cult of personality never materializes because Russia isn't fanning the flames. And now that stories like this are coming out, he knows it's only a matter of time before Mueller lays the hammer down.

And his friends in Congress march in lockstep. They're this close to impeaching Rosenstein, which means so long Mueller. Hell, given how some GOP senators reacted to Trump *siding with Russia over his own intelligence agencies*, I'm not even sure I'm optimistic that the Senate can conjure enough votes to continue the investigation, where Trump can't (legally) reach. Lord knows the House isn't gonna do it until January 20, 2019 at the earliest. (I shouldn't have to say this, but... please vote for *America* this time.)

There's only one real question we need to ask now: ***Why*** is Trump deflecting blame from Putin?
$C: Damn. I’m not really sure what to say. It’s going to be interesting to return to the US tomorrow.

Also, 50 gold and counting. Wow.
$C: What is this timeline I can't even
$C: "Mr. Trump has done all he can to suggest other possible explanations for the hacks into the American political system. His fear, according to one of his closest aides who spoke on the condition of anonymity, is that any admission of even an unsuccessful Russian attempt to influence the 2016 vote raises questions about the legitimacy of his presidency. "

Imagine the world where Trump turned around and said -"I cannot in good conscience assume the mantel of the president of the United States knowing that this was an undemocratic process. I have spoken with President Obama (great guy, one of the best guys), and requested that we ask voters to turn out again in an offline election so that the democratic process can be observed honestly and truthfully."

That level of honesty along with his" fame" would probably have got him elected.

Just imagine that world where trump is actually a good man worthy of being your president. Instead the rest of the world is dumbfounded, horrified, and increasingly distrusting of the United States and the capability of their leadership in all levels of government to do what's best for your nation. 
$C: Fry the fucker. 
$C: We all joke that when shit goes down we're gonna move out of the country but this shit is getting far too bad for me to feel comfortable raising a child here. The misses and I wanna look for our first home in a year or two and start a family. If she keeps getting worse I might actually consider it. Seriously. I normally don't care for politics but this shit is starting to scare me. I can't imagine how a second term would be.
$C: Can someone with more background and knowledge offer some insight into why this is not enough grounds to warrant demonstrations asking for the impeachment of Trump? 

As a South Korean, I was so proud of how almost all of the country united for the impeachment of ex-president Park after the Choi Soon-sil scandal. 

Why isn't something like that happening in the US? 
$C: The worst thing is that even if we fix this issue. we still will live in a country were half are so delusional they still will think they are right.

 Ive never been more disappointed  to be an American in my life. We should be leading the world with good examples not this fucking shit.  Its not hard to see why we are the laughing stock to the rest of the world in so many jokes, our society in this country rewards stupidity instead of punishing it, and our justice and political system seems to be doing just that...
$C: In my opinion this really shows that the american election system needs and overhaul. I mean, basically the only thing that makes you a possible canditate is if you have huge amounts of money or contacts far up the chain, often both. This election we saw an idiot who could eventually make big changes or a puppet that continues the same issues we have seen since forever. This shows as well in the amount who actually vote in elections, it's usually a very low percentage. 

I personally think it's absurd that a country like the US still got this system going. A damn janitor should be able to be a president if they are clever enough imo. But as far as I know with my limited knowledge of american politics I'm pretty sure that would never ever be the case. 
$C: Great now let’s all do nothing again. If someone started a march in my area I’d go. North Florida where you at?
$C: This is extremely dangerous to our democracy.
$C: Either Putin has the pee tapes or the Russian mob has lots of goodies on Trump. No other explanation for Trump's bizarre behavior.
$C: How the fuck did you guys vote Trump in? 
$C: “His fear, according to one of his closest aides who spoke on the condition of anonymity, is that any admission of even an unsuccessful Russian attempt to influence the 2016 vote raises questions about the legitimacy of his presidency.”

That one sentence says so much about the man. 
$C: B-b-but the Russians didn't physically change the votes so no harm no foul, suck it libruls MAGA /s
$C: Americans, if you didn't riot until now, I think this is a really good time to start.
$C: Just watch, in a week there will be something worse and this will pale in comparison. 
$C: I'm curious how Fox is going to report on this
$C: The number of buttery males and obviousbots in this thread is unsettling
$C: Holy shit. 68 golds for this. Not to mention the actual news. But we live in a world where that doesn't matter anymore?
$C: Fox news 11 hours into the story. Top Story

"Trump throws haymakers at 'garbage heap' Joe Biden in latest round of bitter feud"
$C: And guess who's still going to serve their term out? We need to rise up, as a collective, and remove, by force if neccicairy, all these bastards.
$C: How the fuck is this natural 
$C: He may have been officially briefed on this information in 01/16, but he was aware of it all along. Please wake up,  America! 
$C: Can we just kick him out of office already? It shouldn’t have taken *this* long 
$C: Strap me in lads, I'm going in to see what's going on in *that* subreddit. 
$C: I LOVE YOU MOM!

\*sorts to controversial\*
$C: Oof. These bots though. 
$C: I want to say, “good, there’s evidence, now congress can take action.”

But in reality, it’s almost bedtime, I know nothing will actually come of this as far as congressional action is concerned, and when I wake up in the morning there will be more shit just like this tomorrow. Just as is every other day. 


Edited after more thorough read through of the article. But my point still stands, every day there’s a new massive scandal, and then we all just go to sleep and nothing happens. 
$C:  Here are two links where you can find information on upcoming protests. Rise up and do your bit to defend democracy!

[https://www.facebook.com/dcprotestsagainsttrump/](https://www.facebook.com/dcprotestsagainsttrump/)

[https://www.confrontcorruption.org/](https://www.confrontcorruption.org/)
$C: If you can read that article and still scream “FAKE NEWS!” you are not an American. No matter what side you’re on this should enrage you. 
$C: IMPEACH THIS FUCK
$C: So, what can the average citizen do to help turn this into actual impeachment?

At this point I feel like trump could do literally whatever he wanted and it would never become more than just tomorrow's shocking headline.

My country deserves a better president and trump deserves prison. 
$C: Everyone with half a brain and a set of balls is speaking out against Trump and his remarks on Monday, with the exception being those up for re-election and too concerned about their own well being and not the good of their country. The evidence keeps falling into place and Trump and his cabinet are constantly scrambling. It's entertaining and scary at the same time.
$C: And once again reading this thread you quickly realize that this is apparently not enough for Americans to rise and take it to the streets. If you guys won't do squat upon news like that you all don't deserve your Democracy.
$C: Coming from a college student, things like this make me fearful that all of the smart/will be important people from my generation will leave America for other countries rather than watch this nonsense go down while no one does anything about it. If Trump can get away with all that he’s gotten away with, then why bother sticking around to improve a country that does not hold their leaders even remotely accountable or care about their people
$C: If this is actually true, there is no reason not to impeach him. He had prior knowledge of an attack on our country and refused to do anything about it. Worse he denied it ever happened. Even worse he sidled up to the person who did it.

*That being said, I wish these "anonymous aide" sources would be brave and come out in the open. If they did, with an accusation this extreme,  they would be the front witness to a trial. 

I know it is scary, but if someone is in a position to whistle blow something like this you have to do it.

$C: What kills me is watching McConnell on tv basically admitting that it was done, followed by this gem of a retort, "It better not happen again." 

WHAT?! THAT'S THE BEST YOU GOT? EMPTY THREATS?! 

SMMFH.
$C: Welcome to 2018, where the morals are made up and the facts don’t matter. 
$C: Well, this explains why he needed his base to ignore anything the media and intelligence orgs said. He knew intel already had info that would damn him, and when the time was right they would go to the media.

That's why he courts Fox. I've said it in this thread and I'll keep saying it: **The number of people in Trump's base correlates to the number who can't get good Internet but can get Cable: between 30 and 40%**.

America, you have one hope right now: The 10% of people who stand behind the GOP and have access to these facts. The people who say "Thanks for the President, Russia!" They know the whole truth and they are on the inside. Be nice to your racist uncle. I know it won't be easy, but fractured media got you in this mess and Uncle Duke is one of those rare people who can see both sides of the story. He doesn't mind admitting, rationally, that his guy is corrupt. He is your smoking gun. Keep him talking so all the Fox News watchers hear.
$C: I don't understand why this is considered world news? The rest of the world already knows he's guilty, the only person still deluded is Donald himself. 
$C: No wonder why he was upset at the inauguration turnout. Crowd was small 'cause all the Russian voters didn't show up.
$C: Its not a matter if he gets imprisoned for treason its when he gets imprisoned. We'll get this fucker in jail rotting.
$C: This is still on the GOP Congress. You can stop the madness at anytime...but alas, you're traitors, too.
$C: So... we’re just supposed to vote, huh? 
$C: Wasn't he shown it like 2 weeks after the election too or is this that same story again now just with more details now? I thought I remembered hearing about this sometime around the election.
$C: Obama showed him that and he still tried to say it didn't happen. Man this getting toasty. 
$C: Yet he called it a Witch hunt for the past months 
$C: I think in 100 years this will be remembered more often than 9/11.
$C: Impeach?
$C: This is America 
$C: History - ladies and gentlemen, is unfolding.  Stay tuned.  
$C: Does this mean we can impeach the orange dick weed?
$C: God DAMN if this isn't the tastiest popcorn IDK what is!! 
$C: This is history yo
$C: This baffles me because I feel like the past 72 hours have just been one news about Trump that is bigger than the next. We don’t even have time to settle down and analyze what he’s done because something new pops up after a few hours.

He is his own smokescreen.
$C: So, is THIS enough to get him impeached?
$C: The quickest way to stop this shit and save our country is to protest every day until it changes. Why is this so hard to understand? Stop being so fucking apathetic. We don't know if voting is even going to work, but mass protests do. It's the most impactful thing an individual can do. 
$C: There's a horse in the hospital!
$C: Whaaatttt no way. Seriously what the actual fuck is going on america.
$C: There should be a public hearing with Trump hooked up to a lie detector to see if he can finally just explain this shit once and for all. If he is found to be lying he should be strapped to a rocket and launched into deep space.
$C: That's a lot of upvotes. All +100K of us should petition and protest together. 
$C: 44 golds?! Upvote people! How the fuck is he still "in position"?!

Edit: is this a record gold for Reddit? 
$C: To quote our (New Zealand's) current acting Prime Minister, Winston Peters, "I'm bemused, we're all confused, we're all bewildered". 
$C: Just about fed up of reading stories of American officials totally screwing you over (not just trump). 

When are you people gonna do something about it? Here in the UK we seem to hang, draw and quarter our politicians for much less so surely something's got to give soon  

You need to take to the streets, put on demonstrations, get the representatives and local media's involved, make it absolutely clear that you won't stand for this shit any more. It seems way too easy for trump and co to just say "nah it's fake news, most people actually agree with me" and move on. He tried that with us, we gave him the appropriate welcome.
$C: Dereliction of duty.

Get this motherfucker out.

**NOW.**
$C: 45 golds how is this possible
$C: T🇷🇺mp, the Puppetpresident, who values his own election "win" over his country. Denying what is painfully obvious because of his ego and seemingly neverending goodwill to Russia. Russia is probably the country Trump has the least personal beef with, I wonder why 🤔
$C: As a welshman Im not sure of the options of the american people and goverment but surely this combined with past examples of in my opinion mass ineptitude in his role, is there a way to end his term early?


$C: OP is getting glided like a NBA athlete!
$C: Do not let the discussion turn to the perceived severity of foreign interference. You mean any country can play games with the US elections as long as it doesn't look like it makes any difference? Zero foreign interference is up for negotiation? Really?
$C: I know Trump holds the highest office in the land and has access to the most classified information available within our government. But what’s the chance that he is being withheld very sensitive information on the basis that he may/most likely is a Russian agent?
$C: Ball’s in your court Republicans- how will you react to this flagrant display of ego over nation? 
$C: Hit those streets, people! Are you gonna just wait months while he does what he wants?! Voting is important, but in this situation you have to protest no-stop!
$C: All these news articles are great and all, but when is America going to stand up for this treason and actually take matters into their own hands? 

Fact is, shit seems to continue escalating every day and republicans are still having the majority.

It’s frustrating to watch a country become a shithole like this and feeling powerless to be able to do anything about it I can imagine.

Are people just going to let this happen like they did in Turkey?
$C: Goes to show how comfortable and complacent we Americans have become. Can't be bothered to protest. Never angry enough to look up from our phones. Waiting around for some one-named Marvel hero (Mueller) to come save us.
$C: One step closer to the darker timeline
$C: I hope the Trump investigation branches into a separate investigation into Putin with serious consequences. Both have these men have fucked with the wrong country. 
$C: This is not going to end well for Trump and his family.
$C: I didn't realize that this is all a result of Trump laundering money for the Russians since the eighties. 
$C: 61 gilds wat
$C: This isn't on the first three pages of Reddit for me, despite being new and upvoted over a hundred thousand times. Is this the same for anyone else?
$C: were the people of America sleeping ?
$C: Holy fuck, it just keeps getting bigger and bigger. 
$C: And what did Trump say? 

“I know”
$C: But he asked Vlad himself...
$C: Bastard
$C: According to who? 
$C: When you lie about everything all the time, that will catch up.
$C: Republicans: 'How many columns you want?  You got four right now but a fifth one would bring this all together beautifully.'
$C: It’s always MAGA this, MAGA that. Do trump supporters not realize that the rest of the world is rapidly losing respect for the US? People no longer see the US as a social world leader; less countries are going to want to deal with America and will turn to the other world leaders, China, Russia, the EU. If You treat your historic allies like shit, who’s going to want to become yours new allies?
$C: This is cause for riots.
$C: Is impeachment actually a thing? I feel like it should've happened already. 
$C: So why lie about it when you know it's true? Hmmmmmm...........
$C: Don't know about you all but I've started finally emailing my reps and calling for impeachment. 
$C: So.....didn't Russia basically win the cold war now? Long game? 
$C: So can we finally impeach him now or what? Russia is SO far up his rectum he's basically a citizen of Moscow 
$C: Wait wait wait so 2 weeks before the presidents inauguration he was shown highly classified intelligence indicating that Russia did hack the election and then we've spent the last 18 months trying to prove that Russia hacked the election? These systems are so ass backwards
$C: Rip Usa. Sorry guys :-( 
$C: This reminds me of that idea floating around before and shortly after the election:
Trump never actually want to win. He just wanted to run for the exposure, lose spectacularly, then use the 'fake news' / 'rigged' hype to start his own media empire.
$C: Seems more and more that "Make America Great Again" would be a great slogan for next Presidential candidate.
$C: I’m shocked. Absolutely shocked that this could be true. It’s unbelievable that Putin could be responsible. 

Oh I meant I’m NOT shocked. 
$C: Why doesnt this make larger waves in the Media?
$C: If Hillary Clinton had done any of this, the GOP would be flipping the fuck out. But when DT does it, well that's just fine.
$C: I have this weird feeling he already knew
$C: I don't need your help to win dad! Stop it! 
$C: This is actually osburd, Clinton got more crap and an uproar because he cigarr banged a lady than Trump does over actual treason.. What the fuck has come over your country? I know plenty of people joke at America's expense but I never thought it would go this far. 
$C: Hey yo America. Isn't it time you start to use that amendment the right to bear arms now?
$C: We have already known this for over a year. James Comey confirmed this and wrote about the meeting in his book. According to him the Trump team didn't even ask about how to avoid future cyberattacks, and instead immediately began focusing on how to spin Russian interference to the public.
$C: Knowing his personality and how he reacts to insecurities, it's pretty clear that this is the reason he still brags about winning the election... He's trying to convince himself he actually won.


$C: I just feel like my countries falling apart around me. It feels like every week has been some sort of big controversy regarding something Trump has done. But nothing has happened. I feel so hopeless. If this blue wave doesn't hit, what can we do? Ugh.
$C: 170k upvotes, 70 gold, 16.3k comments. Damn.
$C: Fucking coward along with the whole GOP
$C: As an onlooker from Europe, please don't let Trump or the Republicans get away with this.


$C: Someone get the rope ready.
$C: Will anything actually come of this information? Or will it just be swept under the rug and completely ignored? Asking as a non US citizen and not meant in a way to cause offence, genuinely interested. 
$C: Dang, that's a lot of gold. I don't think  I've ever seen such a gilded post. If I didn't know better, I'd almost think lots of people want to see Trump go down. :) 
$C: It will be interesting to see how America will react to this.

My bet is that nothing is going to happen. 
$C: this is the 6th most upvoted post of all time
$C: 73 gold for a post. That's gotta be some kind of record
$C: Anyone else see this thing getting 73 golds? Is that a record? 
$C: So what's going to be done about this?? We're in a serious situation and need to act on this, but how?
$C: So, what now? I swear I've heard this same article dozens of times already. Nothing changes. It's at the point where it's irritating. All we can do is VOTE THIS MOTHERFUCKER OUT OF OFFICE. Impeachment hearing or not, we need to get our shit together.
$C: Paging /u/poppinkream 
In the age of trump, all you have to say is “impeach trump” and you have a high chance of getting gold! 

Let me go one step further and say, as a Canadian, wake the fuck up America, make some noise and impeach this bastard of a president, you can only do so much online before you need to walk your ass to the nearest protest and do something about it. Sincerely, your neighbour to the north that you can still freely walk to... for now
$C: Anybody who still supports Trump or the GOP thru this shitstorm is a fucking traitor in my mind. I have always been against political extremism but they have not shown civility nor hidden well their racism and love of corporations.  Ever. They are given a pass to conjecture and say the nastiest and most unsubstantiated shit. Enough is enough. The right is a grave threat to America. The real America. The average person is in real life danger because of their policies and compliance and i will not stand for it any longer. 
$C: Republican's appearance went from the gun toting, religious, put America first, testosterone filled tough party.

To Jerry from Rick and Morty just to justify their party. 

Go run to your safe space cowards. 
$C: But Putin, our wonderful ally, told us he didn't do it. 
$C: I think this will be remembered as the greatest hit the presidency has had in modern times, we have a president who has colluded with Russia and has put their interests before the ones of Americans.
$C: Fox News: The next big thing will sweep this all under the rug. This will be old news in 24 hours.

World: No, we keep on pulling back the rug. Please, notice all this shit under here . . .
$C: Remember back when all we need to impeach Bill Clinton was just a single testimony but now no matter how numerous or damning the evidence against Trump, nothing happens?
$C: 20 gold in 2 hours, damn 
$C: The story of the century will be when we find out what kind of compromising information Putin has on Trump. It’s the only explanation, what has Trump so shook that he blatantly disregards  such damning intelligence info
$C: I feel like I'm living during the fall of the Roman Republic.
$C: The US people needs their Arab Spring. 
$C: Any non-bots among the 22% who are downvoting this article should have their voting rights suspended in 2020, they don't deserve a say.
$C: Reddit bots out in full force today boys. Weird that so many conservative Americans are up to comment on this article at 3 AM.
$C: People wonder how the German people could vote for such an obvious bad guy as Hitler. They wondered how they could let his government turn gradually into dictatorship while they were watching.

Not saying Trump plans to murder people, but rather that the psychology of it all is so similar both times.

Hitlers followers stopped listening to the media. They were more occupied by how bad the other side was perceived to be. Like people excuse their Trump support with “think how bad Hillary would have been.” Hitler supporters did much the same. Many knew he was kind of crazy but focused on the fact that he was not a socialist/communist which they deemed more dangerous.

Trump he “Hillary’s emails”. Hitler had the Reichtag fire and fear of communist russia.

Hitler talked about how great the economy was doing under him, like Trump does. So why should you care that he is a bit nutty. The vile language gets results so what is the problem?

Gun rights is supposed to protect agains tyranny right? Well Hitler made sure the gun nuts were on his side made it easier for right wingers to get guns and harder for jews.

Hitler pacified the effect of the press by constantly talking about the lügenpresse, the lying news or fake news as we would call it today.

I am not making the comparison to suggest Trump is a dictator in the making or intend to mass murder. It must however the possible to compare the media tactics of Hitler to those of Trump because there is a striking resemblance.
$C: WHY ARE AMERICAN CITIZENS NOT REVOLTING
$C: For those of you screaming "show me the evidence!" It's clear you don't understand how newspapers work,. They report information based on "sources" who have access to the evidence.  Actual evidence is presented at trial or in this case at impeachment proceedings. A very good example of this process playing out is the Manafort case. For many months we've read about the various crimes of Paul Manafort all from "sources" close to the investigation. Mueller has now presented the [indictment of Manafort](https://www.justice.gov/file/1038391/download) and has begun presenting his evidence to the court. Today a list of 500 pieces of evidence has been presented to the judge.

Here is that list:

[https://www.politico.com/f/?id=00000164-b049-d929-a5e4-b2f9d8e80000](https://www.politico.com/f/?id=00000164-b049-d929-a5e4-b2f9d8e80000)
$C: 13 hours in and fox-news is still silent. I have no idea how they'll try to spin this story but they are sure taking their sweet time to figure it out.
$C: This comment will undoubtedly get lost at the bottom of this megathread but I have to make a request to all the really politically informed reddit users. I live in middle America (midwest) and my family and everyone I work with is highly uneducated about or even unexposed to any of these political issues. Every time I bring it up its met with disbelief or disagreement and the usual, "Well, Obama lied to the people too or did worse", and its absolutely infuriating not because of their ignorant stance on this important, recent, political subject, but because I am not educated or knowledgeable enough to truly debate or argue the subject. Is there any kind of youtube video break down on this subject? We need someone educated to highlight all the good and the bad of the current and last president to try and help clear some really widespread information. We need something like an episode of John Olivers Last Week Tonight devoted to this whole scandal so the lay man can finally get a handle on what exactly has been going on and what course of action, if any, we have to do anything about it....   

*breathes*

Edit - spelling
$C: I’m not understanding from this article if this is newly leaked information
$C: This is what I'm incredibly worried about.




People putting their hopes and dreams in the Muller investigation need to realize that the US has had large scale investigations before and they consistently get downplayed or classified so the public can't see them until years later.

Our intelligence communities knew something was up in 2016 and early 2017 they had this and there was no word about it.



How much is our government willing to sweep under the rug for some semblance of peace and normalcy?
$C: We're in the endgame.
$C: BUT WHY DIDNT OBAMA STOP IT, BRO?

ALSO WHY DIDNT SHADOW PRESIDENT HILLARY STOP IT?

I got 50 sorosbucks for this comment.
$C: It's trump, nothing will happen. 
$C: This just in: Trump declares that a man sucking another man’s dick isn’t gay as long as the man getting his dick sucked is Russian.
$C: Please, please something come of this. It really sucks being conservative, and having this guy as our leader.
$C: Now it is treason. Trump is taking material support, and colluding with, a country attacking the United States. 
$C: So let me get this straight:  During his campaign he publicly, on camera, asked the Russians to hack into the computers of his political enemies.  After the election, he was shown intelligence findings of Russian interference in the election.  That same day he stated that Russia (and pretty much everyone else in the world except himself) was responsible for the hacks into DNC's servers.  Intelligence agencies and congressional investigations repeatedly found, and stated, that Russia had interfered in the election.  Trump repeatedly disparaged the intelligence communities findings and repeatedly called the congressional hearings a "witch hunt."  Intelligence briefings repeatedly stated that the Russians were continuing to interfere with U.S. affairs.  He stood next to Putin and said on the record that he believes Mr. Putin, that Russia did not interfere in the election.  Hours later he said that he actually meant the complete opposite of what he said, that he believed that the Russians _did_ interfere in the election.  Hours after _that_, he denied the validity of intelligence reports about continuing Russian interference, and even made a witty lighthearted quip about how those rascally intelligence agents were fiddling with the light switch.  The director of intelligence reaffirmed that Russians did and are continuing to meddle in American affairs.  Trump has gone back to tweeting about witch hunts.  Who knows what Trump's reality will be in the morning.

Hmm, I'm beginning to see Trump and his supporters' side of the story.  This does sound like The Democrats and The Media are just making it all up.  Nothing Trump has said sounds like he's pulled it out of his ass.
$C: [I think the authors know the pee tape is real, and I have proof to back it up.](https://imgur.com/mUk4Rwx) 
$C: God, I can't wait for all the movies about this 50 years from now.
$C: IMPEACH!!!
$C: > And the evidence suggests Russia continues to be very aggressive in its meddling.
> 
> In March, the Department of Homeland Security declared that Russia was  targeting the American electric power grid, continuing to riddle it with malware that could be used to manipulate or shut down critical control systems. Intelligence officials have described it to Congress as a chief threat to American security.
> 
> Just last week, Mr. Coats said that current cyberthreats were “blinking red” and called Russia the “most aggressive foreign actor, no question.”
> 
> “And they continue their efforts to undermine our democracy,” he said.

How the fuck is no one going insane over this? Russia could literally start shutting down core systems now? Has WW3 already started and we just don't know it?
$C: You guys should, rebel or some shit. 
$C: It's treason then
$C: The USA is probably the only country in the world, with the exception of a few dictatorships here and there, where this could happen and no one can do anything about it. It's unbelievable. There's so much nationalism, flag waving, and talk of 'freedom' by Americans and yet, when it really matters, I don't think you're all that free. I wonder if it's sinking in yet. It's a tragedy what's happened to a once strong and proud Ally. 

History will remember those that could act and didn't. 
$C: “His fear, according to one of his closest aides who spoke on the condition of anonymity, is that any admission of even an unsuccessful Russian attempt to influence the 2016 vote raises questions about the legitimacy of his presidency.” 

Mind boggling if true. How can he even remotely feel that his presidency is legitimate by any means at this point? This clown show has got to end! 
$C: Remember the Ask Reddit post the other day asking about the first post to hit a million? Might need to get my friend Mladimir M Rutin to help with upvotes, but this is the one
$C: Ho. Lee. Shit. This is history. 
$C: Its funny that almost every Trump supporter reviled Hillary for some slightly suspicious email links, when there is actually proof that Donald Trump allowed the US election to be actively rigged by the Russian Government. Pretty sure thats treason
$C: What will it take for us to actually take to the streets in good numbers to show trump that he’s not fooling anyone? 
$C: Much has to be made of the fact that for the last 18 months, Trump has not just lied to America and the world about his actual knowledge of the Russian subversion of elections, which is a crime, but he took active steps to cover that up. When he said it was a witch hunt and either denied or vacillated about Russia being the perpetrator, that in law is being an” accessory after the fact “ of the crime and makes the case for obstruction of justice. This is an impeachable offence. Swing the House to the Dems in November and impeachment proceedings can start.
$C: Can someone honestly just tell me why this idiot is still in the position he is? 

He's literally been proven to have all these aids in the election, which prove he is there illegitimacy but yet he's still allowed to stay.
$C: Good god I feel like I'm getting trolled by my own fucking country at this point. Everyday I see multiple headlines of fuckups but nothing about pending impeachment.
$C: I'm a failure. Every day I have to look at myself in the mirror and realize that I have failed at pretty much everything in my life and be terrified that I'm going to continue to fail. This president is also a failure, but he gets to deny it completely. Even to himself. It's not fair.
$C: If you don't impeach Trump after this you are all fucking morons and you deserve to have your new Russian government
$C: This is extremely dangerous to our democracy.
$C: This is the **140th top post of all time** after just **8 hours**.  And I've never seen so many gildings.
$C: 70x gold lmao.

"Maybe this will speed up the impeachment process"
$C: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Impeachment_in_the_United_States

Write to your US Representative!

http://www.govtrack.us
$C: Why doesn’t this post show up if you search by top posts this year?

WTF reddit
$C: Makes me wonder what the whole point of a democracy is anyway when towing the party line and backing a clearly corrupt president are more important then maintaining are freedoms. At this point the Republican Party would rather let us be subject to a foreign invasion than actually try to help the people. What a garbage time to be American.
$C: Why do Trump supporters want to surrender to Russia? Fucking traitors.
$C: So take an editorial with 0 citations or sources run it as gospel and in this climate people are so hungry to justify their own hatred they will eat it up like cherry pie with vanilla ice cream on top.

The NYT used to be the paper of record now it's down in the realm of vice.
$C: Does this article mention that Russia wasn't trying to get Trump elected and actually split their resources between Sanders, Clinton and Stein as well?

Lots of people seem to not want to talk about that for some reason...
$C: Is this different or is nothing going to happen like every single time something like this comes out
$C: He hadn't been sworn in yet, so it doesn't count.

/s
$C: Just imagine what kind of classified intelligence he was shown two weeks after he was inaugurated. *X-Files theme intensifies*
$C: Good thing no one knew how to hack before 2016...
$C: Holy shit
$C: How can people still doubt this treason?
$C: I hate to say it. Nothing will be done. Until we all vote out his nut riders/GOP. We keep protesting, posting, re-tweeting. Nothing happens! Until we all unite, vote, and take no shit excuses, we are all going to continue under Trump's regime.
$C: Well hopefully the millions AND MILLIONS of Americans actually do something about it.
$C: I have not read through this thread.  I'm putting this here... I'm calling it.

The talking points from t_d and the other traitors is going to be thus: 

Under Trump, the USA slaughtered hundreds of Russians in Syria.   Therefore, Russia is hard on Russia.

EDIT: Oh, and... Trump defenders will claim that sanctions against Russia were due to Trump's leadership, as well as the expulsion of diplomats.  
$C: This needs to be spread like wildfire.

No more shit, get him out one way or another.
$C: It usually take intellect (TM) to recognize intelligence. What's lacking, though, is Wisdom.
$C: Can we please occupy DC until Trump is impeached?
$C: Imagine being in this exact situation, only without Donald's unceasing attacks on our free press and intelligence communities. The only thing shielding him right now is the fierce doubt he has instilled in his base regarding anyone outside of his base. 

Unfortunately, we have to understand, as this continues, that those attacks have been successful for his agenda. His base will never accept new information incriminating Donald, and support him as he goes scorched earth trying to stave off the inevitable. 

Right now he is trying to install his own DOJ head and a SCOTUS who will both actively work to fight this as it grows. Just observing his behavior and drives, I don't think there is any length too long for him to stay in power and "win". Anything he has done in the past, as alleged in this article, he will do tenfold if he feels the walls closing in. 

Prepare for an outright, reckless attack on the 2018 midterms. If he can win those, and install his people in high levels of the judicial branch, he can prolong this and continue sowing seeds of doubt. He is a cult leader, and he can be successful if we don't prevent it
$C: You say President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia, but it could be someone else.  There are a lot of people!

$C: 20x gold
$C: The people claiming to be patriots are the biggest traitors our country has.
$C: How good is the New York Times/Washington Post.

People probably need to start paying for their content again.
$C: Impeach?
$C: ELI5 Why is he still "president"? 
$C: So what does this mean?

Seems headlines are churned out and nothing is done about them anymore.
$C: This is madness and it is treason and if our elected officials do not fix it then they should be ousted as well. Fuck the President.
$C: Jesus. Everyone is Guilding this guy as if he wrote the article himself.
$C: We need to march on Washington in numbers never even thought possible.  
$C: Rereading the top ever post in /r/the_donald is at least a million times more upsetting
$C: What a weird title. President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia, not to be confused with all other Vladimir Putins who are also presidents?
$C: Holy shitballs this has been gilded 36 times. I mean I totally understand why but wow that’s a lot. 

Also wtf Trump. 
$C: Am I missing something? This seems like a huge news break with massive implications but I’m not seeing it get real estate anywhere else (BBC, Reuters, etc.) Is this new? Why isn’t it exploding anywhere but Reddit?
$C: Wow look at all those golds this is good right lol. 
$C: Spoiler: >!*don't forget* **quiet Kushner**!<
$C: Is this the turning point?  Is this where Trump's mountain of lies comes crumbling down once and for all?  God, please tell me his end is near.
$C: I'm just done, guys. What else can we do?
$C: How does one 'overthrow and clean house' of our governemnt?  
$C: Damn this is huge. Is he going to jail too? Or is he just going to get used as a stepping stone to someone else? I genuinely don’t know.
$C: x41 gold, wtf??
$C: Oh reeeeeeeeeally?
$C: So, Trump threw the entire US intelligence community under a bus?
$C: Isn’t the exact reason you yanks have the 2nd amendment?? Rise up against vlads puppet government!!
$C: And why you people don't do anything? Why you're not in the streets? Big fuss on reddit and that's it? Your country is weird.
$C: Sadly it won't matter because his base is brainwashed and loves him. That's why the right refuses to act. Move again Trump and lose your primary.
$C: “... that Moscow’s cyberskills were so good that the government’s hackers would never have been caught. Therefore, Mr. Trump recounted from his conversation with Mr. Putin, Russia must not have been responsible.”

Comforting to know our president thinks more highly of Russian Cyber warriors than our cyber security.
$C: So, someone please give me a straight answer.


Are we screwed?


$C: Every time I see something about the presidency it just gets more and more ridiculous.
$C: He probably had first hand knowledge of that stuff anyway!
$C: The press need to stop referring to the intelligence leaders as "his". As Americans, they were our leaders, sworn to protect us from enemies, foreign and domestic.
$C: What baffles me the most is the mentioning of the “persuasive” case Putin made telling Trump that his hackers were apparently so great at their jobs that there was no way that they would have been caught. And what does he do with that information? He turns around and tells the public, “Yep, wasn’t them.”
$C: So, Trump would not have read any of it.  It has been widely reported that Trump has never read anything.  Never read a book.  A newspaper.  Time.  Someone drops a huge pile of boring documents with no pictures on his desk, he scoops it all into the trash, and then orders lunch.   If they'd done an executive summary, as a pop-up picture book, then, maybe, he might have read a few pages of that.  Trump reading though thousands of pages of intelligence documents...yea right, pull the other one, it has bells on it.  
$C: > Mr. Trump told a New York Times reporter that the Russian president had made a persuasive case that Moscow’s cyberskills were so good that the government’s hackers would never have been caught. Therefore, Mr. Trump recounted from his conversation with Mr. Putin, Russia must not have been responsible.

So much wrong with this
$C: Knowing that Russia had an involvement in the election meddling is one thing, but saying Putin personally ordered a hit essentially, is something else. I think they have proof that Russia was involved, and have suspicions that Putin may have been directly involved. I think that is unlikely tbh and Trump is reluctant to say it like this article reads because only he actually has the evidence. Whether that shows that Putin was directly involved, we don't exactly know do we? I can deffinately understand from Trumps perspective. You don't go and and point fingers and blame other world leaders, unless the evidence is concrete. 
$C: Republicans: How do I deflect this and still include Obama?!
$C: Uh oh Donny!! What word you gonna try to change this time??
$C: Holy shit I've never seen so much gold in one post
$C: why do i get the feeling that trump supporters don't care, or will probably write this off as fake news? 
$C: 45 gold to OP is fitting. Took a screenshot. 😂
$C: If you had read me that headline in the year 2000 I would have called you insane. What a world we live in.
$C: America is fucked. 
$C: If his supporters weren't concerned about Stormy Daniels, then the sex tape Putin has over him must be really bad. 
$C: I don't know about you guys, but I'm really looking forward to the presidential debates if Trump decides to run for reelection. It will be quite entertaining to watch him try to defend his statements and actions when there's no way he can.
$C: Yikes.
$C: Here's an idea: instead of gold let's donate that money to someone who will make a difference in congress. One idea that comes to mind is donating to the Beto campaign since Crux is a suckling piglet who can't stand up for himself even after his whole family was insulted. 
$C: I wonder what the Donald is going to say about this
$C: Lmao can we impeach him yet, like what else do we have to find out
$C: He knew already
$C: Please .. to the Streets or lose all respect az a people
$C: I've never seen this much gold
$C: Democracy is over in America, officially. 
  
It's been over a year and an illegitimate president is not impeached. The system has failed and this will only be the beginning of the end. 
$C: Gotta get the popcorn ready for all of next week...things are gonna get interesting. 
$C: I can't believe you guys aren't actually burning politicians in the streets yet. 
$C: So is America great now or...?
$C: Can we sticky stuff like this to keep it from fading from memory? Attention spans are dwindling and the chaos is mind numbing 
$C: Holy shit 61 gold!
$C: This post now has enough upvotes to make it on the front page of /r/all top all time.
$C: The most depressing thing is how many people simply don't care... because it was the result they wanted. Same with the Russian interference in Brexit... and European elections...

These people are willing to sell their own democracy as long as it results in the outcome they want. All to satisfy their personal ideology.
$C: What can we do to help speed up this impeachment?
$C: Check OP rolling in the gold
$C: >That contributed to Mr. Trump’s decision on Tuesday to say that he had misspoken one word, and that he did believe Russia had interfered — although he also veered off script to declare: “Could be other people also. A lot of people out there.”

>although he also veered off script to declare: “Could be other people also. A lot of people out there.”

>A lot of people out there

-Leader of the free world and most powerful nation to have ever graced god's green earth.
$C: **"he did believe Russia had interfered — although he also veered off script to declare: “Could be other people also. A lot of people out there.”" **

It's fine guys, it could be other people. No reason to panic, everything is fine. No problems here. 
$C: I just don't understand it. 

Regardless of your politics, there's some pretty high-level deception going on here and day by day, he's still the leader.
$C: Even when the presidency was being voted upon, Trump made it known that he thought the election was being rigged (although he maintained it would only be the case if he lost LOL). If Trump isn't impeached soon, we can no longer call America a true democracy. For a guy who said "lock her up", I can't help but be in awe of the sheer audacity of his behavior. Trump has betrayed his country for his own selfish interests.
$C: And now, the end is near... 
$C: But Putin said he didn’t do it! 
$C: How is he still allowed to be president after all this?
$C: SURPRISE ..... not 
$C: That’s a whole lotta gold..
$C: Meddling Russian, should be a new cocktail. Vodka and . . .
$C: Vladimir Vladimir Putin

The name so evil he has it twice. 
$C: My question is, what did Pence know? Isn’t it possible that he was as deep in this as the president? Could he be fired too? 
$C: So basically the Russian President has the US President by the balls because of some sort of extreme shady dealings that Trump most likely did that Putin is informed about right?

Despite everything, I feel like this is the tip of iceberg and when it is all said and done this will put watergate to shame. 
$C: It's amazing that we are surprised Trump likes this guy.  Putin got him elected.  Of course Trump is going to bend over backwards for him. Who else could have got him to be president 
$C: I'm really happy that this will soon be the biggest post on this sub.

And look at all this gold ! 
$C: Gilded 62 times. I believe that's the most I've ever seen for one post
$C: > Donald J. Trump

"*The J stands for honesty*." - Trump
$C: Tired of this shit and nothing happening. Other than voting in the midterms what can an average american citizen do? I dont just want to sit here and watch this go down
$C: Isn't this treason? I don't understand, truly, how he is still president after what is coming to light. Or am I misunderstanding?
$C: It’s treason then. 
$C: The press, journalists, Twitter users, visitors to the White House need to ask him - every single day, over and over again - if Russia meddles in the election.

Eventually he'll lose his shit in front of everyone and we can be done with him.  
$C: Can someone explain to me why this is big news, that it has over 162k upvotes? I’m genuinely confused, I thought everyone knew Russia affected the election? Not trying to be sarcastic at all, just really confused
$C: this motherfucker

$C: Why is no one doing anything with him? Seriously asking.
$C: Aussie here. So what does this mean now? Can you guys do something about it? Maybe another civil war? That could be cool.
$C: Putin has him by the balls. He's a puppet of the Russians.
$C: Damn, that's a lot of gold
$C: "Everyone, everyone, I've seeen the reports myself. With my own eyes. Everyone, they are not good. Not very good quality at all. In fact I'd call them fake, fake news. The media and the intelligence community they've got it out for Putin. Downright witch hunt. Unbelievable." -Then Don.
$C: What in the entire flying fleet of fuck..
$C: See thats where the problem was. It was complex. 
$C: This is now the all-time top post in r/worldnews and I still haven't heard anything about that topic in the local media here in Germany. Thanks Reddit for keeping me up to date
$C: So he knew, but didn't tell authorities? So is this or is this not treason?
$C: This is like house of of fucking cards, except with Russia holding the GOP hostage via Trump and the NRA instead of China funnelingmoney to Underwood and the DNC.
$C: Damn.
$C: Briefing: Putin has directly instructed  his people to use social media and other means to sway the 2016 election in your favor.   
Trump: could you dumb that down a little?   

Briefing: Putin ordered his people to create fake news to get people to vote for you in the 2016 election.   

Trump: a little more?   

Briefing: your bff has yo back.  

$C: Manafort was trumps campaign manager and had close ties to Russian intelligence, per Glen Simpson of fusion GPS. That's the same Russians intelligence that attacked our country. Manafort lived in Trump tower during his time as a campaign manager. He spent his time plotting with Trump, per Jessica manafort. Trump knew all along about the Russian operation.
$C: So what I have come to learn from US politics is that once you weasel your way into becoming president (which apparently requires ass loads of lying, money and foreign ties), you can quite literally do anything you want including destroy ally relationships and conspire with those that illegally  helped bring you the position in the first place.

Idk I feel like this is treason to the USA. Can he really continue to make your country look like shit and likely eventually put you back in the dark ages with no consequences? 
$C: Aaaaaaah yes.  Watergate 2018: From Russia With Love
$C: Vote, vote, vote this November!  Get rid of the Republicans are who shielding and abetting this traitor.
$C: I wonder when this investigation will hit its climax, it seems as if we are living in the actual climax of the case right now, but this is gold. 
$C: hes finibshed
$C: I think I might take a permanent vacation really really soon... 
$C: Is this some kind of record for golds?
$C: There should have been a massive effort to give Trump his own TV Channel with millions of viewers. Him, his ego and his fan would have been very happy. He can make fun of all politicians, and call shenanigans on everyone. Instead the clown was given the throne instead. I hope many Americans decided to stop being armchair activists and start doing what they push online.. otherwise we're going straight to real-life Idiocracy.
$C: Is this the very first hack of a U.S. presidential election ever?
$C: Isn't perjury grounds for impeachment?
$C: Could someone please explain to me how the Russian cyber attacks swayed the election?  
$C: Okay, call me whatever you want to call me, but are we sure this is real? The article doesn't seem to mention sources at all
$C: Sorting by controversial is fun. The narrative has shifted so far from:

Nothingburger, no hacking no collusion, fake news, librul MSM ra ra ra to:

It happened and Trump knew but it's fine because Hillary deserved it and Russia was just exposing the truth


$C: I commented about this in r/conservative. I have been banned from participating in r/conservative 
$C: Robert Muller: *slaps GOP* This bad boy can fit so much fuckin corruption in it.
$C: Say it with me folks. Trump should resign.
$C: [deleted]
$C: It's like the embarrassment and frustration as an American is exponential. I want out.
$C: If Trump were an employee somewhere, he would have been fired many times over. Oh, wait...he is the employee of We the People. Time to hand him the pink slip.
$C:  Jonathan Kirshner states it perfectly:

>*One of the most alarming aspects of the rise of Trump is (or should have been) his embrace of the Orwellian lie. This also cannot be normalized with a comforting “all politicians lie.” Of course they do. . . . But we are not talking about garden variety lying here — we are talking about the totalitarian lie: lies told, repeatedly, loudly and insistently, in direct confrontation with the indisputable truth. Lies purposefully designed to undermine the very capacity to make truth claims. Orwell was right to warn of this. But here we are.*
$C: >The evidence included texts and emails from Russian military officers and information gleaned from **a top-secret source close to Mr. Putin**, who had described to the C.I.A. how the Kremlin decided to execute its campaign of hacking and disinformation.

Holy shit.  I think this is the first time that this has been published.   Either that source is dead or he will be soon.  
$C: I don’t understand how as a republican who loves their country can you stand behind trump as your president.  Never in the history of our country have we had so much controversy around a president.  Not only that, but he mocks the intelligence community any chance he can. They’re our biggest assets and arguably our first line of defense. 

Someone who voted for trump and still supports him to this day, please explain to me your rationale behind it. I personally didn’t vote because I supported sanders and he got shafted. But if this guy gets impeached you’ll still have pence, who even though I agree with nothing he would do, he at least seems to have a moral compass. And being a career politician, he would surely know what a danger Russia is, and not have a conflict of interest in dealing with them.

Aren’t you guys tired of our president embarrassing our country?
$C: If the GOP had any sense they'd impeach Trump now before the midterms.

No way Pence comes out of this clean, and after November next in line will be a Democrat.
$C: Impeachment.
$C: [Click here](https://www.vote.org/) to 

* Register to vote

* Check your registration status

* Get your absentee ballot

* Find your polling place

* Get an election reminder

Midterms matter just as much as the Presidential election. **Vote.**

$C: What's it going to take to get to this man out of the White House?!
$C: At this point it’s clear that Russia has dirt on Trump
$C: Wouldn't this be grounds for a military coup?
$C: DEAR FUCKING CONGRESS,

DO FUCKING SOMETHING!!!


-AMERICA
$C: So... when are we taking to the streets and demanding heads roll? Clearly this is an issue beyond the simple solution of “vote.”
$C: Sort by **Controversial** for the people defending Trump.
$C: wow thats a 180$ post..
$C: This is insane, we keep repeating this process of "hey, you fucked up" but nothing tries to stop it! I'm really being fatigued by the bombardment of shit hitting the fan! I've never voted in my life but holy shit, you better believe I'm voting this time.
$C: #TRE45ON
$C: I know that voting in November is important, but that’s 3ish months away. Wouldn’t calling and writing to your elected officials *now* be more effective? I think contacting those in office and those that are on the ballot in November and explicitly stating, “Donald Trump has lied to the American people and has worked with a hostile country to undermine our democracy. What are you going to do about it? If your answer is nothing or if you plan on supporting Trump, I will work with my fellow Americans to ensure that you never hold a position within our government again.” 
$C: We ALL NEED TO GET OUT AND VOTE DEMOCRAT IN NOVEMBER!!! DO. NOT. FORGET. 
$C: Get we get rid of this orange fuck already?!
$C: As a non-american this is a better plot than House of Cards. As a lawyer I'm terrified that Trump is still President.
$C: Yeah. Pretty glad I'm not an American ever since this whole 'Trump' saga began.

I feel so sorry for you guys and gals, this whole thing is a shitshow.
$C: Liviing in Australia and reading/watching all this stuff that Trump gets away with all the time gives me the same feeling I used to get when I would watch Game of Thrones a while back when Joffrey was the boss of everyone and he was a massive pretzel but he just kept being the boss and I really wanted to see him "get what's comin" but for ages he was just a massive pretzel and nobody did anything to stop him. I'm keen-as for the episode where someone at least punches Trump in the mouth.
$C: Trump supporters are called “Trump supporters” because that’s all they do. And there’s a lot of them. The conservative media needs to change the narrative for something to truly change. 
$C: I've got to say people, writing about how much of a traitor he obviously is, does not solve the problem. At this point you're all just preaching to the converted. Maybe some of you guys should stop reading and writing internet comments which give the illusion of influence and actually make something happen for once. 

Trump is a stain on America, on your democracy so thanks for twiddling your thumbs and gilding someone, really helps. Political apathy is dangerous. You remember how the constitution empowers its people to defend American democracy, well go out and do it. 

Small addendum that this is of course what Russia wants. Political instability and division is their primary goal and it's working wonderfully, but if your institutions are this prone to capture from ignorance, foreign states and money/greed (this doesn't only, but certainly primarily apply to the republicans), then I really hope you guys realise some root and branch changes sooner rather than later.
$C: I don't want to live on this planet anymore 
$C: How is this NOT bigger than Watergate???
$C: Trump is a traitor, I don't understand why he isn't behind bars and impeached.... They have much more than what they had for Nixon or Clinton. He's accused of sexual harassment, passing informations to ennemies of state, colluding with ennemies of state, having sex with a prostitute, using his power to enrich himself or his company, he's corrupt... The Republicans accused Obama to be a traitor because he had hussein as a second name and now they do nothing for a real threat for America....
$C: This is starting to feel like “Bin Laden determined to attack within the United States” all over again. All the warning and zero prevention. Only GWB didn’t Stan for Osama and say “He told me he didn’t do it and I toats believe him”. 
$C: Can trump just get impeached already 
$C: The US need a good precedent for impeachment. Will Trump be the first? 
$C: Trump should be tried for treason and if found guilty he should be brought before a firing squad. It’s treason at the highest level. Then dismantle the entire trump fortune and put ivanka and Donald junior in prison. This is what needs to happen to save American democracy. 
$C: Alright, I've had it I want to protest. How do we coordinate this across the US in smaller local cities as well as the big cities and state capitals?
$C: After Watergate, I never thought there would be a more incredible decline in American prestige in my lifetime. I hate that I lived to be proven wrong.
$C: Impeach him
$C: PLEASE for the love of god people SORT BY CONTROVERSIAL so you can at least be exposed to the dissenting opinions on this issue and start to think about things in a balanced way. Nothing is black and white. MAKE UP YOUR OWN MIND. Don’t adopt your thinking wholesale from the media or from subreddits where there is an absolute monotony of opinion. The certainty of posters in this thread (and in American politics in general right now) should terrify those who are interested protecting reasonable discussion.
$C: I guess I'm still not understanding why I'm supposed to be upset at Russia for the DNC leaks? I can see why the DNC and its media mouthpieces would be upset, but not me.

I thought it was obvious at the time that Russia did not want Hillary to win, but again... I'm not Hillary, so why am I supposed to be upset at this? Why do I care more about the source of the information than I do about its validity?
$C: Am I missing something or is there no sources listed for this? Like, did NYT receive the documents or is this basically hearsay at this point?

Please, don't get me wrong, I'm not saying this is false and "I don't see why it WOULD be," but I'd like to know where this information came from before I start putting this article out there. Otherwise, it might do more damage than good.
$C: This settles it. He knowingly and willingly committed treason.

Can congress please cut the shit and do something now?!?!?
$C: It’s impeachment time, boys.
$C: Can someone explain how Russia swayed our election via cyberattacks?
$C: Downvote brigade is out, FUCK YOU TRAITORS
$C: The Russian efforts are “aimed at sowing discord and divisiveness in this country,” and this post is evidence they are succeeding. 
$C: Witch hunt were we talking about again?

Edit: It’s a pun...
Edit 2: Yes there was collusion and yes I think trumpster fire was in on it. 
Don’t assume my humor is actually showing my doubt for that.
$C: Really, you are telling me Trump is a dissembler and a liar? Color me shocked, I never would have known that our dear leader was a pathological liar bent on helping himself and only himself. 
$C: How many more fucking reasons do we need to impeach this asshole!? 
$C: when the movie comes out its gonna be a crazy roller coaster. 
$C: Didn't Russia just release the truth though? Did they actually lie or make anything up? This whole thing ya confused the shit out of me, can anyone explain? 
$C: Will this be the final straw? Will there be an impeachment ? Will Mueller move forward with his findings and begin to strike at Donald Trump himself? Or is this just another thing added to the “Trump is bad” pile ? I honestly am surprised it’s gone on this long. 

What do you guys honestly think? 

Edit: Hello T_D brigade. Just trying to ask a genuine question, but sure, downvote away. 
$C: Literally yesterday I was in an argument with someone who told me I should resign from or get kicked out of the Air Force for believing that Russia interfered with the election. I was like, it’s not a believe or don’t believe kind of deal, it actually happened. 

And that’s the type of dumbassery we’re up against, these fuckin assholes (Trump supporters) aren’t even willing to acknowledge facts.
$C: I just checked over at /r/conservative, and don't worry... they're on it.

/u/jonesrr2 was too busy to comment, being in the middle of getting a large-scale Trump portrait tattooed on his chest.  /u/chabanais has a post about Obama ordering Russian dressing on his salad.  So who's the traitor now?  

Checkmate, libs.  
$C: America you are shit right now. Do something!
$C: The sooner Trump gets impeached, the sooner the U.S. can repair itself from the damages over the past year and a half.
$C: Holy astroturfing. What a totally organic submission.
$C: Of all the intelligence people with access to this top secret information, Trump is the only single one who has not strongly concluded that Russia attacked the 2016 election.
$C: How in the blue fuck is this guy still in office? It's literally baffling. 
$C: So, it's collusion then.


Edit: woosh
$C: I don’t really see a source for all this
$C: Are you guys seeing any Trump supporters wake up yet?
$C: Except it’s already been confirmed by CIA,FBI, NSA etc that no votes changed. The fake hysteria in the comments is lol 

“The Russian efforts are “aimed at sowing discord and divisiveness in this country,” he continued. “We haven’t yet seen an effort to target specific election infrastructure this time. We could be just a moment away from the next level.”

So no votes were changed but Russians sowing discord among the public is their main purpose and using articles like this to create outrage only plays in to the hands of Russians. Russians using American journalists and their readers as political puppets. 
$C: Still not enough to convince Trump supporters that their boy is being corrupted and controlled by Russia.
$C: Impeach him.
$C: I genuinely want to know, why isn't Trump being kicked out or why haven't the steps for him to be kicked out set in to motion yet? What's stopping people from doing this? 
$C: Republicans are traitors. If you continue to reward the GOP with your vote, then you are also a traitor.
$C: It is like warning that Bush got from the Clinton administration all over again.
$C: *This is the part where you riot*
$C: ..l.. To all the russians in here ..l..
$C: Can we fucking impeach this fucking piece of shit fucking traitor and every fucking piece of shit GOP fucking member in any fucking government position in the entire fucking US NOW?

FUCK!
$C: We gonna impeach him or what?
$C: Funny how there's no mention of this on t_d
$C: Guess all of the (probably Russian) bots from r/The_Donald have come out to play. Just insane.
$C: So is this what’s gonna start the impeachment process? Or are we just throwing it on the pile? Seems like congress is not doing shit about it. 
$C: TREASON!  Impeach.
$C: while i'm angered by this i'm even more angered by the GOP and the members of the GOP that refuse to hold their party accountable. the GOP has clearly placed party before country. 
$C: I'm not sure who I'm more mad at - him or the spineless GOP in control of the country.  Anyone who's known Trump even years before his presidential run should be aware of the fact that he's a complete fraud and a narcissist with limited intelligence.  The GOP knew this and publically opposed him until he won the primaries.  He's now committing treason in front of the whole world and Congress will do nothing because fucking party over country.

That sounds pretty treasonous to me.
$C: Are we at critical mass yet? Isn't this enough? 
$C: Treason
$C: Malaysia kicked out a corrupt Prime Minister by COMING OUT TO VOTE.


Americans need to do the same. Only 25% of voting age Americans voted for Trump. You are all equally to blame for putting Trump in power.
$C: America: you should be rioting with pitchforks right now. Your democracy is being taken from you. 
$C: C‘mon america, storm the fucking streets already
$C: I can never understand how Americans are ok having traitor President. Amazing considering they are the most powerful country on earth.
$C: WHERE ARE THE FUCKING RIOTS
$C: How do I find out where the protests are?
$C: It's treason then
$C: I want him impeached
$C: [deleted]
$C: When is the biggest idiot amongst presidential idiots going to be impeached for just being an absolute idiot let alone a treason and colluding with the so called enemy? And why is that American citizens always find themselves voting in the biggest idiots time after time to run them and their country into the ground? I find it absolutely fascinating.
$C: WHHAAAAT???? Impossible! Putin himself told trump there was nothing going on. /s 

Seriously though, fuck Trump. I still can't believe he hasn't been impeached yet. 
$C: Republicans are spineless evil morons 
$C: Is this not what you people have your guns for?
$C: He protects his Russian buddies the same way he protects his white power friends ... what a fucking clown
$C: why isn't this post at the top of the FP? I've never seen a post with more up votes...
$C: This president is a giant asshole shitting all over us after getting pounded by a Russian dick. Russian dicks usually like to fuck asshole, but sometimes they like to fuck pussies. Donald Trump is both an asshole and a pussy, so he is perfect for Russian dick. 
$C: 72 gold?!?!
$C: SEVENTY THREE GOLDS. 

That’s more than I have on WoW
$C: Can someone ELI5 why he hasn't been impeached yet?
$C: USA! USA! USA! USA! USA! USA! USA! we can take this bullshit government back!!! Let's hope we can reform all the BULLSHIT OUT!
$C: Is reddit trying to bury this? I reload and it’s not on top “today” when it clearly has the most upvotes.
$C: I like how no one trusts Russia but then they say something negative against Trump and then everyone trusts some russian government official as a source
$C: This is how stupid Trump supporters are. They claim they wanna make America great again, America this, America that, yet they’re too dumb to realize Trump is a puppet for one of our most powerful foreign enemy. How can you claim to be such an American patriot when your President attacks the nations government service members and sides with a foreign enemy? There no logic. That’s just plain stupidity and ignorance. The guy has been a con man his entire life. 
$C: [removed]
$C: My head is going to explode.....our president is a Russian puppet 
$C: But he said that it wasn't Russia...

Hang on, I'm being told that now he's saying that it was probably Russia. Man, thank Odin, I thought he was gonna--- what's that?

Okay, he's back to "it wasn't Russia".  But it's definitely Obama's fault either way. 
$C: Hes known. He has always known.  He is almost a text book example of dereliction of duty. He has broken his oath.  Every day that goes by that Republicans allow him to remain in office is a slap in the face to every American, especially Republican voters who believed they were "protecting" America.  Wake the fuck up people.  We must hold them accountable.  We must start to protest, have a general strike.  We have to disrupt the lives of the wealthy so they will instruct their congressman to get rid of Trump.  What more do we need, we have him holding the smoking gun, blood on his shirt, and a confession. 
$C: [Tre45on](https://i.imgur.com/VlSFTFH.png)
$C: Fuck this. I voted third party because I'm a Republican who couldn't vote for Trump or Hillary. At this point, the dems can run anyone they want against Trump and they'll have my vote.
$C: As an Australian looking at this from the outside I'm baffled at how the American people are just letting this happen, isnt it your duty to overthrow a corrupt and traitorous government, I think it's in the constitution somewhere. So why the heck aren't you out in the streets protesting in the millions before it's to late. C"mon guy's this is your children's future at stake, are you going to let a bunch of rabid Russian trolls dictate your future, get out and protest. 
$C: Wait until you realize they were hacking into voting booths too. Everyone was blown away he got so many votes. Some can be hacked over WiFi networks. The whole election was a scam to get a Russian asset in the White House. 

Edit: 

Some reading for you on the voting machine hacking issue

http://thehill.com/policy/cybersecurity/344488-hackers-break-into-voting-machines-in-minutes-at-hacking-competition

http://fortune.com/2017/07/31/defcon-hackers-us-voting-machines/

Some video with background music and easy to understand language for Trump supports

https://youtu.be/HA2DWMHgLnc

$C: Well, it’s officially reached that point. I legitimately am beginning to believe a violent revolution is in order for America. I genuinely think we are on the tipping point of burning Washington and hanging officials in the streets. I’m not making the call to action, but I’m not sure I would say ‘no’ to it anymore.

We, the people, agreed not to do that for a government that protects our interest. They are eating us alive. We need to eat back. 
$C: Wow... 100,000+ upvotes.

This shit is for real folks.

Trump knew and he fired Comey. He fired Sallie Yates. He asked Comey to sweep the Russia investigation under the rug. I’d go on, but the list is copious and readily available.
$C: Can we see the evidence they mention?
$C: for the last time, PLEASE CONTACT YOUR REPRESENTATIVE AND SENATOR. Once Congress wakes up, we can take furthermore action against this treasonous administration.
$C: Fuck that lying orange sack of dog shit right in his fucking face. What a god damn traitor. 
$C: Anyone still wanna stand behind him?
$C: Why the 

#*FUCK* 

does this have 61 gold stars?
$C: I want off this ride.
$C: Well Putin said he didn’t do anything to influence the election.  Sooo....
$C: This is massive but most likely nothing will happen
$C: Details?
$C: [deleted]
$C: And this is why we have the Mueller investigation. 

Trump seems to not only give zero fucks that Putin and Russia did this. He seems to be going out of his way to thank them. 
$C: This most likely isn’t the first time. American and other countries are constantly meddling in other countries politics. It’s part of the game these days. Getting people in/out that will help your goals in one way or another. Why is this all so surprising? 
$C: America, you are at war. Wake the fuck up!
$C: >In July 2017, just after meeting Mr. Putin for the first time, Mr. Trump told a New York Times reporter that the Russian president had made a persuasive case that Moscow’s cyberskills were so good that the government’s hackers would never have been caught. Therefore, Mr. Trump recounted from his conversation with Mr. Putin, Russia must not have been responsible.

...
$C: So we can officially say he's knowingly lying about an attack on the American public and finally get on with doing something about it already, right? Since the first and foremost job of any government is to provide security for its people, and we have a dominant political party that is knowingly covering up for acts of information and election warfare ordered by 45's boy Pootie Pie, then we have, currently, an illegitimate and dangerous government. I do believe the American history books have some lessons about folks not taking kindly to illegitimate governments and treasonous behavior around there parts. 
$C: Explains why he thought so highly of Putin.
$C: Who is doing anything about this, and what can I do to help?
$C: If Fox and Friends didn't relay that information to him he didn't care.
$C: Can someone let me know when a news report involving Trump and Russia will actually lead to Trump being impeached or criminally charged?
$C: Are these the same Facebook posts that the Russians used as influence?  What was the depth of the attack and what were the targets?
$C: Yes collusion!
$C: If he had any honour he would have resigned there and then. NO HONOUR.
$C: Get this article to the top of reddit and keep it there.  This has gone on long enough.  You know how everyone treated net neutrality?  Do that with this
$C: so i keep seeing these articles, but will anything actually change or be done? what's the point if we cant even get him out of office?
$C: Ahhhhhhhhh shit.
$C: "Mr. Trump told a New York Times reporter that the Russian president had made a persuasive case that Moscow’s cyberskills were so good that the government’s hackers would never have been caught. Therefore, Mr. Trump recounted from his conversation with Mr. Putin, Russia must not have been responsible."
It is incredible that he has been able to get away with statements like this so far.
$C: Do I fit in here?
$C: I’m still very confused at the hacking and misinforming part, how did Russia hack the election? Did they influence the people that voted or the electoral college zones through hacking? People troll others all the time on the internet so how would people become misinformed off of only a few articles or spam information? 
$C: And how do they know that eh
$C: Trump's collusion with Russia and the GOP's lack of spine has resulted in the erosion of western relations between fellow nations.

His policies and his recklessness has put us all at risk. This is a global issue now. I propose an international Solidarity and Democracy protest in all nations that wish to seek support our American brothers and sisters that are struggling under the Trump administration and wish to see the end of this corruption, collusion and "crackdowns".
$C: Resign
$C: Nonono, Big Papa P wouldn't lie. It's the entirety of the US intelligence community that's being untruthful. 
$C: Hey GOP, look what you did.
$C: It’s to the point where the only thing that matters is criminal charges. Public opinion is pretty firm. People who still support Trump won’t be swayed by anything other than if Trump were to start spewing liberal rhetoric, which he won’t do, especially after the response to his ‘take away guns’ comment. So, he’s either going to be indicted or he’s not. No amount of Russia stories will change anything at this point. 
$C: Like all things Trump, this might just all be ego driven. He doesn’t want to admit that he wasn’t the most popular/best ever. 
$C: Nothing surprises me anymore 
$C: One way or another I’m out of here after undergrad. Only approximately half the population cares that the president is more loyal to Russia than to our country. Most of Congress doesn’t care. I’m not trying to sound depressing but this mentality isn’t going to change anytime soon even if Democrats get the majority in the house/senate. 
$C: wtf?

$C: IS THIS REAL LIFE
$C: Trump peach mints
$C: Holy gold. 
$C: I feel like there’s some damning headline like this every day, and yet here we are
$C: That's why he stopped going to briefings.
$C: Is this enough evidence to begin the impeachment trial or what? 
$C: Why is this not all over the news? I'm confused. 
$C: This is utter madness. It's ludacris that we have to sit back and watch this bullshit. We as people have literally no recourse to stop our country from being ruined by the absolute buffoon we have in office. Democracy my ass. We live in an Oligarchy, and it's nearing the time when we're going to have to fight to take this country back.
$C: What's clear is that Russia did, has, and will continue to mess with our country in what could and should be considered an act of war, even prior to Trumps election (installation?). This, perhaps above all else, needs to be addressed immediately.
$C: Both parties agree that there was foreign meddling, so at what point do we call the 2016 election invalid?
$C: I’m so glad he’s reinstating LIGMA
$C: I'm pretty sure the first thing Trump did was call Putin and tell him everything he had been told at the briefing -both comprising and endangering American intelligence operatives and their sources in the field. 

America what are you doing to yourself?
$C: So when will you guys start getting off your behinds and hitting the streets with mass protests?
$C: 18 gold nuggets so far!? Fuuuuuuuuuck
$C: Trump's attacks on the free press, his continued labeling of "the failing New York Times", the crooked media, etc have worked on his base. They will reject anything they see from NYT or any medium outside of Fox or Breitbart. 
$C: Canadian here: none of this actually changes anything eh?

Every day there is a new 'bombshell' about blatant lies, etc... But I feel like that idiot is gonna get re-elected.
$C: Imagine if this hit a million upvotes. I mean if it's any post it's this one. 
$C: For someone who doesn't live near DC, LA, NY, or any large city WHERE DO WE MARCH ??
$C: His base supporters could be told anything and they'd still support him
$C: I can't have this guy represent me.

Even if I am part of a generation that has been "demoralized" by Russian subversion into being unpatriotic, "which I don't think I have, I'm not giving them credit for that" it is a real thing they were and are trying to do..

Just because I hate my president doesn't mean I don't love my country.
$C: On October 31, 2016, a week before the election, a foreign intelligence source turned over to the FBI a report based on Russian sources. 

The first memo noted "Russian regime has been cultivating, supporting and assisting TRUMP for at least 5 years. Aim, endorsed by PUTIN, has been to encourage splits and divisions in western alliance".

It maintained that Trump "and his inner circle have accepted a regular flow of intelligence from the Kremlin, including on his Democratic and other political rivals".

It claimed that Russian intelligence had "compromised" Trump during his visits to Moscow. 

[Source](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trump%E2%80%93Russia_dossier)
$C: Sooo... This sounds like a big deal but what can we even do about it. I just want this douche out of the White House. 
$C: Fuck Donald Trump, Fuck the Mets, fuck the DH
$C: He probably didn’t read it.
$C: What is the point of impeachment then? Isn’t this like a 21st century version of watergate?
$C: This has to be it. The final blow. Right? RIGHT? 
$C: Posted this elsewhere,  but here it is again because I think it is incredibly important: 

I'm willing to bet this was the same information that both McConnell and Obama got leading up to the election. You know, the thing McConnell threatened to go partisan on if Obama made the information public...

Seriously guys,  don't let this fucking turtle hide on his shell from this.  He needs to feel the backlash as much as  Trump. 


$C: His actions recently can only tell you one of three things.  1. He was convinced by Putin a few days ago that our own country’s intelligence is wrong and Russia had nothing to do with it (please🙄) 2. he is so narcissistic that he needs to deny Russia’s involvement to prove (to himself as well as the country) that he legitimately won or 3. Someone is in someone’s pockets.  Whether it was Trump paying Russia to help him win, or more likely Russia paying Trump for control over one of the most powerful nations in the world.  All of the above though, tell me that the country is not his number one priority.  I understand that can be said of almost all politicians, but when it’s this blatant and in your face.... how can you stand behind him.  Do you really believe he misspoke (is that how you spell it?!?) even when he confirmed in many other medias that he did not blame Russia for the interference?  I personally take it to heart when I’m treated like I can have the wool pulled over my eyes sooo easily. With ALL that being said... 

I am open to others opinions, as I really and truly do want to know how Trump supporters perceive this info (really, I’m not looking to fight, just understand). How do you justify?

Also, I’m drunk and really fired up about this
$C: And boom goes the dynamite!
$C: [deleted]
$C: I would rather have Nixon for 2 terms
$C: Shirley, Obama knew. 
$C: Can’t wait til the dust has settled and the true facts are gathered and shown. Ooohhh how the country will be changed. All those holding faith in trump and the establishment. Both dems and repubs will see what a sham the party system has become.  Once the baby boomers are kicked out of office for running this country to the ground can we begin a rebuild for the next century if we survive that long. 
$C: The only thing that would shock me at this point is if the GOP grew a spine and started condemning Trump and his actions instead of backing them.

Putin was wrong, the ball isn't in Trumps court, it's clearly in the GOPs.  
$C: Gotta hand it to the Russian gov’t, they are very savvy at striking at our weak and mostly inept gov’t. Russia is basically doing this shit right in front of their faces and the US gov’t is so crippled and seized that they can’t do anything about it. 

The Russians know we will raise holy hell about the damage that is done and be so caught up in finger pointing and noise that we’ll be too twisted up to actually DO something to prevent future attacks. It’s quit impressive on their part.

Basically two years have passed and we aren’t any closer to meaningful solutions.
$C: TRE45ON
$C: He was surprised they had found out already...
$C: Is that _24_ guilds?
$C: Holy shit 21 gold in 2 hrs
$C: TRE45ON
$C: So... Honest question... Time to buy a gun yet?
$C: GOP there is NOTHING MORE you need to know. What are you spineless pigs going to do?
$C: 70k In 2 hours oml 
$C: I’m genuinely confused. Why hasn’t he been impeached???
$C: holy shit
$C: Trump's constant swaying is probably him going back and forth between 'Shit I'm gonna go to jail, who cares about the pee tapes now' and 'holy fuck I can't let the pee tapes get out even if that means I'll go to jail'.
$C: whats weird is this thread was no 1 on my feed, then 20 minutes later it disapeared completely wtf
$C: When the FUCK are Republicans going to put country first??
$C: To those saying Obama should have done something about it, would you have accepted it peacefully if Obama came out saying Trump's election was invalidated by Russian interference?
$C: Shit, I feel like history has just been made on a MAJOR scale. This is watergate levels of bad, if not probably worse.
$C: Can somebody instruct me how to use my gold
$C: This is moving ever closer to Idiocracy
$C: How long did they have this information? 
$C: Biff tanner for prez!
$C: ELI5: How is he still in office?
$C: Russia is scared of Clinton.
$C: Ain't gonna mean shit
$C: Impeach the peach!
$C: Is this a record for most golds on a single post?
$C: I cannot wait to see the movie about all of this once it's all over.   

Although its probably going to be not so much a movie but a tribal elder standing in front of cave paintings telling the tail of how the world ended as seen in Mad Max: Beyond Thunderdome.
$C: WATERGATE again!! 
$C: Holy crap. 
$C: And yet, nothing is going to come of this. Trump will be president until 2024 I guaranfuckingty it 
$C: As if this anti-vaxxing, climate change denying, birther-movement promoting conspiracy theorist gives a shit about facts. 
$C: Can we impeach this fucker?
$C: I have a legit question and I hope someone can answer. I'm Dutch and I don't really know that much about American politics, but I have been following Trump's presidency for a bit. Is there no way you can just depose Trump as president, especially after what this article tells us, or does it just not work that way? I can't imagine wanting a guy like that as president...
$C: I’m Canadian. It’s highly unfortunate I have no power over someone who has so much direct and indirect power over my country. American politics has over shadowed our own politics since it was announced that trump was in the running.
This is so infuriating.
$C: We need protests like the 60s.
$C: The NRA, the evangelical right, the trump campaign and a russian spy. What could go wrong? .... http://nymag.com/daily/intelligencer/2018/07/alleged-spy-butina-tied-to-christian-right-gun-groups.html?utm_source=fb&utm_medium=s3&utm_campaign=sharebutton-t

$C: Mr. Alex Jones, your thoughts on recent article please...
$C: Would it really be better if Trump was impeached and the 25th amendment was invoked? Hell, might even be funny if Pence & 13 other cabinet members execute SECTION IV and get rid of him. 
$C: And does jack shit about it. 
$C: I don't think I've ever seen a post here that had double digit gold, much less 36(so far).
$C: Is this how empires fall? Because I feel like this is how empires fall.
$C: Dafuq. God fucking dammit. Just pile on the fucking cunt ass shit. How did we get to this fucking point?
$C: Trump and his cronies will die in prison
$C: Holy hell the gold amount. 
$C: They're attacking our way of life, our well being.  Traitors and foreign powers are focusing all of their attention on us, encouraging in-fighting and disinformation. This could very well result in serious irreversible damage to our republic.
$C: We're in rejected *House of Cards* plots now
$C: Like the Donald said he can shoot anyone in public on 5th Avenue and his brain dead supporters will still vote for him.

Trump supporters need a leader who tells them that the reason they are losers in life is due to evil immigrants stealing their jobs.  Those supporters can't accept the fact that they are at fault for their failures.
$C: 93.5k upvotes. Holy shit. Maybe the truth does matter. 
$C: It’s sad we have to be told this. But that’s why this is so fucked in the first place. The man is the PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES. He has seen every file and piece of evidence we’ve got. He is literally the ONE person that should be able to say, “I know for SURE, because I’ve seen it with my own eyes”. So the fact that he denies it is super scary. And that we have to be told that he already would have had access to this as if it’s a shock is scary as well.


This needs to end now. 

TRE45ON
$C: We need to march..... maybe surround the white house
$C: We literally have the constitutional right to overthrow our government right now. But nobody is ever gonna get mobile on that.
$C: Wasn't this reported at the time? 
$C: America has been a Russian puppet state for over a year. Has America ever had a scandal on this caliber? Seems a lot bigger than Watergate. Is Benedict Arnold the only real comparison? 
$C: Wow. Just wow. If this would been in a small European country the president would be faced a nation wide protests and resignation
$C: This guy has 15 reddit golds fam
$C: Also, please note that there is heavy influence to split up California. If I remember correctly, one of the efforts is headed by a Russian. I wouldn't surprised this is part of another attack to divide. Literally. It got enough votes to get on the ballot.
$C: As a French not so versed into American politics :

This seems like a big deal. Why doesn't big voices of the last présidentiel elections speak up ? Why doesn't Hilary Clinton and why doesn't Bernie Sanders comment publicly ? 


$C: Can some eli5 what Russia has to gain over doing this? Just out of the loop. 
$C: Oh cool! This is fun!
$C: why do we live in such a fucked up place?
$C: Not American, so honestly don't know - is this something that could be a precursor to full blown use of your 2nd Amendment? I always thought it was about the people protecting themselves from a tyrranous and corrupt government (Not the whole gun saftey/control debate thing)
$C: He can do anything at this point and get away with it. Were beyond morals. Its about winning. This applies to democrats too. Politics is about winning and nothing else
$C: Let’s wait a little longer to do something about it!
$C: Can Reddit admins pin this to the top of the page or something? The whole world needs to see this
$C: This is a man who thinks vaccines cause autism and that global warming is a Chinese hoax.

He is not a critical thinker and so he's unlikely to be persuaded by evidence when he has his biases and strong belief in his own "superior intellect" and ability to read people.

If he thinks he knows better than scientists then surrounding him with experts is pointless. 
$C: I think he will keep denying this because it takes away his victory, his ego is more important to him.
$C: ...but Hillary's emails
$C: Impeach. *Next!*
$C: Bet Trump held a big ice cream party to celebrate as they read the reports.
$C: BUTTER EMAILS 
$C: And nothing will be done. Next.
$C: Man why does it seem like every week there's new ground breaking news about Trump but there's no action or repercussions. Every week it's like this is huge deal guys, and then what? Nothing. I'm not a Trump supporter but I'm just frustrated by the inaction and this subs naivety. Tired of the rhetoric that "this is the one", he's going down when this has been happening literally every week since his inauguration and the man is still in office.  Lets be real, the states is a corrupt cesspool of a country and nothing will happen to Trump because the people he's surrounded by are just like him.
$C: Treason has never rang clearer.
$C: Could it even be that the powerful know exactly how to keep the people just happy enough to avoid protesting. I mean they probably learned something from the French revolution? ? 
$C: Hey 'Merica?



Y'all are fucked. 
$C: He doesn't care Russia interfered. 
$C: I'm just exhausted, I don't know what more it's going to take. It's clear that Republicans are just fine with our country being attacked by Russia, but I'm not sure how we should proceed from here. This is truly a national security crisis possibly greater than any thus far in this century, including 9/11
$C: [deleted]
$C: Okay, im asking this NOT as a disgruntled citizen who doesnt like trump, but as a curious bystander who is watching history happen-

Is this an impeachable offense?
$C: trump knows exactly what he's doing. you don't bite the hand that put you in power. 
$C: Seems like a smart tactic by Russia. The guy who gets elected through their meddling can’t acknowledge the meddling without undermining his own presidency. Hence the power Russia has over the president is that they can hint that they can leak proof of their own meddling to undermine and disgrace him.

The more Trump denies the meddling the more powerful this potential black mail is.

It is odd that US law has not provisions to counter such a situation.
$C: "Wait, that's the same Vladimir V. Putin that we saw the other day? Aw guys, *you gotta tell me these things!*"


$C: I’m upvoting history!
$C: It's so cool that I don't feel safe in my country! 
$C: Complex? They had fucking remote access setup ffs...
$C: You expect him to remember this day? He can’t even remember what happened yesterday. But do not worry! This is a highly stable Wharton genius who is willing to hand over US citizens to Russia. No worries Congress and senate, just sit there.. this ship will right itself. 
$C: There is a reason in treason.
$C: Protests are pointless. I’m talking dem party representatives not constituents 
$C: Malcom Turnbull, Australian Prime Minister, on Trump-Putin summit; "Trump is a patriot."

Shame. Shame. Shame. 
$C: \> In July 2017, just after meeting Mr. Putin for the first time, Mr. Trump told a New York Times reporter that the Russian president had made a persuasive case that Moscow’s cyberskills were so good that the government’s hackers would never have been caught. Therefore, Mr. Trump recounted from his conversation with Mr. Putin, Russia must not have been responsible. 

oh fuck. off. Did Putin really use that junior high level reasoning?
$C: Watching the GOP self destruct is kinda worth it, idk. 
$C: FOURTY. EIGHT. GOLD. WHY. 
$C: 48x gold 😂
$C: This is fucking exhausting.
$C: My father in-law voted for Trump. Heck, a lot of people did. I refuse to talk politics with family, I always wonder if he still supports him or not, but time will never tell.
$C: Putin: "one round of complex cyber attacks please"
$C: If this post can get 50 gold then what will it take for our boys in suits to get an impeachment?!
$C: Is this a world record for most gold's on a post?
$C: Even if Trump is impeached at this stage, the damage is done. 

People have turned against the media; people will scream fake news, even if it's accurate; there is so much distrust; battle lines have been drawn between liberals and conservatives, between the left and the right; relationships with allies have been impacted; laws and measures have been implemented or overturned, often because of vested interests; and who will know what to believe in future elections and campaigns...

Of course, he should still be impeached, possibly even shot into the sun.
$C: Makes me wonder what to the [family of the Rosenbergs.](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Julius_and_Ethel_Rosenberg) think of all this.
$C: It's time: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QZCzHYMEIeo
$C: LOOK UNDER YOUR SEATS!YOU GET A JAIL SENTENCE!YOU GET A JAIL SENTENCE!YOU ALL GET A JAIL SENTENCE!
$C: highest rated reddit post of all time inc
$C: dat feel when you are first to copy/paste news and you get redditgold for a life time
$C: C'mon Peeps, give the guy a break. The Don has got things under control. 

"Don't you get it, the USA has no need for CIA, FBI, Cyber Command and NSA. They are all fucktards. Vlad told me." - Donald J. Trump.

$C: Maybe Trump won't admit to it because it was the reason he won? If it is proven that they meddled then wouldn't it mean he might have lost the race?
$C: 57 times gilded and 122k updoots.

This is gonna get seen by everyone
$C: Australian who follows world politics here, a guy I worked with is a hardcore Republican who is head in the sand over all of this but I'd love to have seen his reaction if it was Obama and not Trump in bed with Russia because every little thing Obama did was traitorous. 
$C: Can someone ELI5 this for me please?

$C: So is that wen Trump told the world he doesn't need to see intelligence briefings (because they'd be all about him?)
$C: 10 reddit golds I have seen but gilded 59x? this I gotta read
$C: Yikes
$C: Where do we go from here? What can I do? Can we stop future cyber attacks from fucking up elections? My mind is imploding.
$C: So does that mean that people of america did not voted him the president?
$C: Well America. Your 2nd amendment to " protect from a tyrannical government" is looking more and more reasonable by the day I must say.
$C: So why is he not immediately impeached? Surely his vote was invalid?
$C: It’s gotta be a chess game. It’s gotta be... The host of the apprentice will outwit the head of the kgb and this will all be a bad dream. It’s gotta be. IT CANT NOT BE. I KNOW 8 year olds who can read between those lines without any help. 
$C: Well there's your problem, someone actually thought he'd read anything?
$C: /r/TrumpNeedsToGo
$C: At this point we should all grab popcorn and wait to see what happens next 
$C: Where is the Vice President?  I don't recall the last time I heard anything about him.
$C: Release the pee pee tapes already jeez.
$C: 61 gold?! I want to be like you when I grow up. 
$C: RIP your inbox 
$C: This is the most times I’ve seen a post gilded, it’s up to 61.
$C: Just posting so I can be a part of reddit history. 
$C: I remember when the news reported than Obama gave him the info before the inauguration
$C: And nos the same man says that Putin does not attack USA anymore.
$C: That's how empires sink. You have a Trojan horse on the helm.
$C: Holy shitcakes, I have never seen this much gold. Can we use it to buy GOP to impeach the lying sob and that creepy pale guy Pence too? 
$C: Holy shit, I've never seen so many golden stars in 1 post
$C: So this is no longer a witch hunt? Haven’t paid too much attention to Trumpolitics lately.
$C: USA, most powerful democracy, is falling into shambles. If there is no other intellectual firm leader to take over, there is gonna be global threat for free market, and public internet. Especially, there are already looming crisises - climate change, financial inequality, immigration, growing population et al.
$C: Would it be helpful for someone to post a list of republican congressmen and their contact info so that people can reach out in their own state?
$C: For those who can't read because out of free articles

Make a bookmark, save it as 'NYTReader' or whatever & paste this as it's url, then click it while on a nyt article, it'll open the story's content in a blank window, though unformatted & without pictures

    javascript:(function(){var s=document.getElementById("story").getElementsByTagName("p");var str="";str += document.title;for(var i=0;i<s.length;i++){str+="<br>";if(s[i].innerText!=="Advertisement"){str+=s[i].innerText;}else{str += "<br>";}}var w=window.open("bl.html");w.document.write(str);})();

It's ugly but it beats reading it from the element inspector, also that'd be long af if I formatted it more
$C: Is the President-elect allowed to be shown classified intelligence?
$C: They indoctrinated an entire generation. First 20 years of a persons life can be filled with subversion, and they’ll pass that line of thinking to their next generation. Ex kgb guy said they started with the culture of the 60s.
$C: I'm not even from the U.S and I'm livid about this.

So... are you guys going to do something or what?
$C: What the fuck America.
$C: Can you Americans please do something about this. It's getting stupid now.
$C: No representation without taxation! If Vladiman is going to have his views represented, he better pay his damn taxes like the rest of us!
$C: If trump gets impeached, the best thing to come from this election is making sure checks and balances still work.
$C: So, given all the evidence so far to suggest the involment of Russia in the election and the obvious denials given by Trump, why are there no grounds for Mueller to take further action? Wouldn't these be considered crimes against our country? Not saying we just go after Russia, thats only so feasible, but at least go harder for Trump given he's been lying about a lot of shit and it's slowly coming to light. 
$C: I mean look at his ego - "I couldn't have possibly got the position due to interference! I'm too great!"
$C: Fuck me, 64 golds. Man that’s over 5 years worth of gold in one post. 

$C: Just a quick side note. x66 gold?! holy fuck
$C: This has to be the biggest political story of the 21st century right? 
$C: Why can't I find this on the front page anymore? 
$C: I guess this very soon will be the Top of all time post. Sorry guy with the double glasses in the Olympics. 
$C: Has he said anything under oath that is now clearly a lie? Can we get him the same way we got Clinton?
$C: Holy shit gilded 66 times
$C: We all knew this! That's why all this shit is cra
$C: Unrelated but bro you just won 5+ years of gold, love that
$C: >In July 2017, just after meeting Mr. Putin for the first time, Mr. Trump told a New York Times reporter that the Russian president had made a persuasive case that Moscow’s cyberskills were so good that the government’s hackers would never have been caught. Therefore, Mr. Trump recounted from his conversation with Mr. Putin, Russia must not have been responsible.

Yup, logic checks out.
$C: I do not recall 
$C: [deleted]
$C: Guys, when he said "complete witch hunt" over and over what he really meant to say was "incomplete bitch hunt" 
$C: Your name fits this post incredibly well
$C: The worst part about this whole situation is that there are numerous ways Drumpf can avoid impeachment/indictment. He can get Congress to declare war on a sovereign nation (Iran, NK, etc., whatever) - thus solidifying himself into his presidency until 2020, which would go his way because he would Fearmonger his way to a win.
$C: 67 gold holy shit
$C: Not highly classified enough I gather. 
$C: x67 gold. This should be x1000! Patriots!
$C: I thought this news was broken back in Jan '17. He's just not cared to do anything about it. And it's why the special council was put together. What's new about this story?
$C: Clearly not that classified...
$C: Donald Trump lies?
$C: Is there a difference between highly classified and classified or is that media spin?
$C: I was going to make another Trump joke and/or snide comment... it’s not funny anymore and hasn’t been in a while.
$C: All this and yet the American public and it's elected officials will do literally nothing about it.

Some moaning, some press coverage, but make no mistake, Trump isn't going anywhere. 

Shame.
$C: We need the phantom thieves at this point.
$C: Sooo....what now??
$C: Man I’ve been mad and irritated about this stuff for like 6 years. I’m glad everyone has finally came around. 
$C: So the booger has known all along.  Then this very secret visit must have been to confirm is presidency in the 2020 election.  His next hat will probably say, make Russia greater!
$C: Is this the most gilded post in Reddit history?
$C: how can people still trust him?
$C: how likely unlikely is it that trump would be impeached?

$C: It's raining gold in here!
$C: The true US president will be visiting his country in the fall, please treat MR Putin with respect.
$C: It’s happening!
$C: I mean...I’m not surprised.
$C: Is this a gold record?
$C: Most gold on one post ever, congradulations!
$C: 180K upvotes.
$C: 75 guilds?!

Putin will meet trymp on uS soil, out of that 2 hour secret meeting trymp will say, "Putin's cyber specialists will help us prevent attacks in 2018 midterm!"

Nobody believes voting outcome (blue or red), democracy does, mini civil war, we become a military state, God emperor trymp.

Republicans do nothing. Republicans kill America.
$C: These 2 people(I use the term lightly), Vlad and 45, are evil incarnate, they do not care about the citizens of their countries, further - Vlad has a penchant for murdering people via poisoning & 45 is only interested in one thing - money.  I would not be surprised if the 2 of them were scheming to make loads of money for themselves in the coming months.  45 should not be making friends with such a person, but then again, 45 never has any idea of what he's doing with anything.  He is Godless, and specifically a bully, thug, sexist, sexual predator, racist, etc.
$C: Now we know why he can't shut up about  winning the election because he didn't!
$C: Get trumped!
$C: Gilded 75 times- what the fuck?
$C: Sow ill he be impeached ?
$C: I can't wait for nothing to come of this.
$C: 7 words for you: Iraq has weapons of mass destruction.  Our own intelligence agencies have been caught implementing false flags, lying about intel and we know for a fact that they have the capability to make cyber attacks look like someone else did it.  Our own government has for years swayed elections of foreign countries.  Wake up people.  I don't trust what they say, what they do or why they do it.  I don't care if the intelligence agencies showed actual evidence, because they have proven themselves over many years, in many different ways to be untrustworthy, lying, manipulative psychopaths.  
$C: Bottom line is simple in all this. Trump will NEVER accept any of Russia's involvement in getting him elected. In his mind, that would be admitting that he actually lost the election to Clinton. His ego is preventing the security of America, not Muslims, not Mexican rapists, not Canadian dairy, not Chinese steel or any of the other phantom scape-goats he creates to further his own agenda of furthering HIS OWN agenda. 

This is kind of a neat time to be alive as historically American (and Western democracy) is so stressed, we are likely at some sort of turning point. Perhaps a strange "Arab Spring" populist uprising against "post-capitalism" and the money that lobby's and buys US politicians may occur at one extreme or people will carry on blindly allowing their own standard of living to be eroded slowly to pad the pockets of 1%'ers, as a fascist state and totalitarian leader close in all around them at the other extreme. My guess is the something more close to the second option....
$C: Serious question: what exactly did Russia do? This all seems like incredibly small stuff. Facebook posts? Troll bots on 4chan? Even the Hillary email hack seems like a tangential way of helping Trump. "Meddling" really seems like the best word for it because it's very far from actually rigging an election (something we do in foreign nations on a yearly basis).

For the record I'm not saying it's justified nor do I support Trump but it sounds like such a huge story until you look into it and see how minute it is. It looks to me like it's a big deal because we never thought someone would interfere in our democratic process like we do in others'.
$C: Ignoring all of the Trump news. 

Can someone explain to me how an account that only posts Trump news was able to vote-bot an article to the front page?

In one hour this post had 40k upvotes, dozens of gilded comments, multiple golds, and tons of comments from weirdly specific accounts advocating for both sides of the political spectrum.  The post was posted off peak time and managed to generate this much activity. 



*Can we get a discussion about bots here please.*
$C: FUCK TRUMP SUPPORTERS
$C: This proves Trump has purposefully lied to the US citizens for over 2 years, which I'm pretty sure is a violation of the oath of office.
$C: 70X gold and the top all time worldnews post.  Anyone else feel like they're being manipulated?

It's not even a big break or evidence of collusion. We've all known since day 1 that Trump doesn't believe the Russians interfered in a meaningful way despite the findings of the IC.  I don't think people really care about his opinion on the matter of Russian interference nearly as much as Reddit (and especially r/worldnews) would have you believe.  
$C: "But I don't know any Russians. I've never been to Russia. I can't see Russia from my porch. Who is this Pew-Tin you talk of?


$C: Get fucked, Donald
$C: I’ve really tried to give him a chance and not immediately dismiss him but I’m done. Fuck this guy. 
$C: #TRE45ON
$C: Vote. Donate. Protest. Demand logical and honorable leadership.
$C: I like how T_D is pretty much dead right now. Front page is just shitty memes and news from yesterday. They have nothing to say about this. 
$C: I genuinely have no idea how someone can support this guy.
$C: As a person from England, we've all been wondering how the hell this guy hasn't been impeached yet. Everyone over here is sick of seeing him on the news too, he's literally overshadowing all the crazy Brexit stuff that's going on. I really can't imagine what it must be like for you guys in the US, must be impossible to escape from this treasonous scumbag. 
$C: Before things get to crazy and everyone forgets, let's please remember that:

It wasn't that Russia convinced people Trump was great to vote for, less Republicans voted for Trump then voted for McCain when he ran, and he lost. 

RUSSIA convinced many many young voters to not vote for Hillary by coordinating fake information leaks on her with the Trump campaign and wiki leaks. Meantime a mostly Republican FBI, decided a week out from the election they would publicly reopen a case on Hillary, which turned out to be empty. 

Hillary was the one missing 7 million votes at the end of the day. 

Trump got as many votes as he was expected to get. 

Please remember. 

Added: after a few hours now the most surprising response is people still act like established facts in the case, are still open for debate. Both Mueller and Comey are card carrying members of the Republican party. This isn't up for debate, this isn't an opinion, its on the record facts. It's crazy how hard you have to defend established facts now a days online. 

The established spin by the White House that the FBI is Anti Trump, when prior to the election they were clearly Pro Trump. Has to be the best bit of propaganda they have found success with. 
$C: I'm not american so i hope somebody can enlighten me on this. Say Russians did misinform the public about who to vote for in the 2016 elections, ultimately the american voters just voted in someone based on misinformation right? How is this any different than if americans on their own misinform the general public?
$C: Damned if he does, damned if he doesn't. Tell the truth and admit you probably shouldn't be president or lie and watch as said presidency falls to pieces amidst the absolute lack of trust that results.
Should be a lesson to all that if you cheat to win your victory is rotten and hollow.
$C: Months before the election, and for months after, a small, informed, minority tried to bring attention to the republic-ending consequences of selecting Trump, given what we already knew.

The GOP and their supporters were interested in power over everything else. This is the result.

It is too late for elected representatives to fix things. If you want to save the republic, direct action is required, on a scale Americans haven't dreamed of since the 1860s.

America has already gone into the long slide of decline. The only question now is whether Americans love their ideals more than their safety.

Good luck. Recovery won't be easy, and it'll feel a lot more like tearing down and rebuilding.

Next time, protect your school systems, so everybody learns to question authority instead of kowtow to it.
$C: Everyone is so up in arms over the fact that it was Russians that helped the Democrats tell the truth about their backhanded dealings. 

I mean, if "grab her by the Pussy" didnt immediately sink Trumps candidacy, then there is nothing the Russians could havr found on Trump that would have made things any different. 

Be mad at the DNC for supporting Clinton over Sanders (in violation of their charter)

Be mad at Clinton for having top secret information flowing too and from a felonious server. 

Be mad that the left spent 2 years straight up insulting middle America (you know the ones that grow your food, and protect you from hostile world powers.) In turn envoking a groundswell of support leading to an electoral college win. 

Trump has gotta start showing some backbone, and a bit of consistency, but y'all need to be outraged at the democrats for themselves attepting to subvert the political process by actively impeding a democrat candidate in the name of identity politics. 


$C: Okay, like yes, we can all believe this, but can you please actually show us the evidence? Everything is so toxic and all the accusations are flying around but nobody has made any of this evidence public... Its kinda hard to believe anything from anyone these days, it all just seems like empty air from both sides now
$C: Constant headlines with no substance. Normally, I wouldn’t have an issue but I feel like we’re all being force fed to see this.
$C: "Stop whining and trying to discredit the election" -Barack Obama 10/19/16. https://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/19/us/politics/obama-donald-trump-election.html
$C: Unsurprisingly, nothing will probably come out of this.
$C: : ^ ) I'm afraid at some point it will become the norm to just accept everything this man is doing. I get putting America first mentality that he sold to his supporters but by now after that summit and with most of the shit he has done how can they still believe he is putting America first? :/
$C: And nothing is going to happen
$C: Are we sick of winning yet?
$C: Big yikes from me dawg
$C: It feels like the snowball is starting to roll down hill and I’m so fucking here for it
$C: This is no longer about Trump.  It is about his supporters and who they are as Americans and as people.
$C: I’m legit just commenting for more visibility. This is disgusting
$C: The worst part about this is this is a huge deal but because trump has so many absurd scandals nothing will sway his base at this point, and everyone else has outrage fatigue. Every day is a headline that would've been a huge scandal for past presidents, and we just forget because it's the norm now. His informed supporters are professionals at doublethink, and everyone else has become too weary to rally against this.
$C: I remember when Trump originally announced his presidency, *everybody* shit on him. Everybody said he lacked the intelligence, temperament, and courage to lead. Democrats said it. Republicans said. Everybody else said it. He's a clown. He's an idiot. He's a criminal - and we were right. If everybody - especially the Republicans, had followed their first instinct and stuck to their guns, we wouldn't be dealing with this bullshit. Some other bullshit, definitely, but not *this* bullshit. The GOP could have stopped this at many, many points along the way, and still they refuse to act in the face of clear evidence of treason. We know the GOP wants control of all 3 branches of the federal government - the Democrats would like that, too. They seem to be after more than just temporary custodianship of our federal institutions, however, as our Constitution dictates. The brazenness with which they flout the rule of law suggests they expect to attain *permanent* custodianship of our federal institutions. However future events may unfold, it is difficult to envision things turning out peacefully.
$C: From the article:

>In the run-up to this week’s ducking and weaving, Mr. Trump has done all he can to suggest other possible explanations for the hacks into the American political system. His fear, according to one of his closest aides who spoke on the condition of anonymity, **is that any admission of even an unsuccessful Russian attempt to influence the 2016 vote raises questions about the legitimacy of his presidency.**



This pretty much explains all the cloud on the Russia conspiracies. Trump is willfully trying not to play into the Russian meddling narrative because it undermines his win and the legitimacy of his Presidency which is why he's tried hard to distance himself from the situation. Meanwhile the anti-Trump circle jerk immediately thinks it's something nefarious like collusion, or Trump being a Russian spy. Acknowledging Russian meddling plays into the democrats (and Reddit's) delusion that Trump's entire Presidency is illegitimate so I have no clue why there is so much shock about this news article. Everyone knew from the start that Putin commanded the hacks and there is little doubt on anyone's mind that the President of the United States was briefed on Putin's role in the 2016 election by the heads of intel. communities. It was clear that the proof would never be released to the public so Trump chose to stay away from the idea because Putin would deny any meddling due to no evidence and it's nothing but an endless circle of accusations and denials where Trump gets burned. You all are acting like he's hiding something when he won't denounce Russia when he's just playing typical political games. You don't have to like how he's doing but to call for impeachment or treason or whatever the yell people are whining about is a stretch. 
$C: Wow guys, what's the all-time record holder for amount of gold on a post?  We may be witnessing Reddit history, jumped from 9 gold to 17 within 10 minutes.  Wait til the rest of reddit wakes up..
$C: From the article;

> "The evidence included texts and emails from Russian military officers and information gleaned from **a top-secret source close to Mr. Putin**, who had described to the C.I.A. how the Kremlin decided to execute its campaign of hacking and disinformation."

Someone allied with the United States was just killed by the New York Times and whoever leaked this information to the NYT. 
$C: Look at the upvote ratio collapse in real time. Good morning Russia. 
$C: *sees* 80% upvote ratio
well, r/thedonald was here...
$C: If Trump gets impeached I feel like Pence would be even worse.
$C: This scumbag knew from the beginning and has been lying the entire time. Nixon was impeached for less and everyone agrees he deserved it but somehow I still have a feeling that Trump won’t suffer and consequences.
$C: Wow this is fucking huge. Can't wait for the treasonous spineless dogs in Congress to do nothing.

Honestly, watching all this unfold from the outside makes me fucking livid. We have a president who has knowingly covered for a hostile state because they helped him get elected. And the republicans shrug their shoulders. 

Fucking pathetic. Donald Trump has gone from controversial to downright criminal through and through. Impeach this fucker now.
$C: HOLY FUCK...this is massive. The most damning of evidence. 
$C: Non-American here : Does Trump still have supporters ?
$C: This is the beginning of something none of us will forget.
$C: What the hell happened to the US of A?! How is this still acceptable by the people?
$C: It's true then, what I heard, that Putin had to have medical treatment on Monday because the effort - of holding in the roars of laughter that were rippling through his being like an earthquake ripples a black-top highway - had almost killed him?

What a superlative actor: he kept a straight face throughout the day despite the evidence in front of his eyes that his efforts to fuck with every country he doesn't like had resulted, in the US, in the election of a self-aggrandising, greedy twat who is out of his depth in a meeting with intelligent 10 year-olds never mind some of the smartest minds in international politics.
$C: Every single denial of 'colusion' should be a count against Trump for treason. He fucking *knew* Russia meddled in the election and did **nothing** about it. He's either stupid or complicit. He likes zero-sum bullshit. Pick one: idiot or traitor. 
$C: It's treason then.
$C: Holy shit. Commenting so I can say I was there when it started raining shoes.
$C: Trump said it was a witch hunt lol. 
$C: Impeach
$C: I want to be clear to everyone going forward... The only way to fix this is to stop voting republican unless they (FINALLY) start to take action.

It's time to get rid of the people who have let this happen for two years, maybe more still to come.  You HAVE tip vote, and not for these republicans
$C: I’m A Brazilian dude living in the US for the past 6 years and the craziest thing for me is that in the last 3-4 years Brazil, a country where corruption and mismanagement of public resources is the norm, was able to impeach a president and arrest a former president. Meanwhile the United States, a country know for its patriotism and putting their values above all else, keeps getting slapped in the face with a very obvious treasonous and toxic administration that will do nothing but harm for its future and can’t do anything. This is the strangest timeline we live in, folks.
$C: So let me get this straight. HE KNEW ABOUT THIS ALL THE TIME?!? 
$C: He's functionally illiterate and they gave him a detailed technical document. But even if he had been able to read it he wouldn't have understood or believed it. You'd have better luck explaining quantum physics to a tapeworm.
$C: How can ANYONE in government be ok with this!!!?????!!!!??
$C: If this isn't enough evidence to impeach Trump, then America is a lost cause. The whole government should be purged of all existing electorate and we should start over. All you conservative gun lovers out there, **NOW** is the time to take your country back. Storm the capitol and oust every politician if they don't impeach Trump in the next few weeks. 
$C: Can't we start calling our congressperson's and demand the impeachment process? It starts with the American people...
$C: Seriously America, it's time for a military coupe  and to draft a constitution for the Second Republic. Your government has gone completely batshit.
$C: President Reek.
$C: Treasonous Trump 
$C: Trump is Putin’s bitch.
$C: He was shown "intelligence"...  therefore he was unable to comprehend it.
$C: We are proper fucked with this guy in office. 
$C: Brit here so no knowledge of the handing over of power process in the US. Why wasn't it shown to Obama and acted on by the current government? ELI5 if necessary.
$C: Non American here, as far as I can gather the Russians spread misinformation on the internet and tried to sway voters. Was it more than that? Did they tamper with the vote count? Did what they did change the outcome? Can someone please ELI5. 
$C: my man this is so fucking crooked
$C: Whoa what's with the gold here? Is this post some kind of gem?
$C: Is it finally happening? 
$C: If the election was stolen Pence is in office illegitimately and should be impeached as well
$C: Whoa, impeach this orange
$C: Can someone tell me why I can't find this on the frontpage of r/news?

This is concerning
$C: The people who need to hear this the most will not, because they live in a Fox News bubble where everything in the "failing" New York Times is Fake News.
$C: I hate how Reddit can be spoon fed proof that Donald Trump has been lying for two years, and some stupid fucks blame Obama. Fuck you if this describes you. 
$C: So now we know Trump was given evidence from the very beginning and has lied to the public for over a year and a half. Your move, America. 
$C: Jesus fucking christ
$C: >
Mr. Trump sounded grudgingly convinced, according to several people who attended the intelligence briefing. But ever since, Mr. Trump has tried to cloud the very clear findings that he received on Jan. 6, 2017, which his own intelligence leaders have unanimously endorsed.


Two answers to this:

Because he thought they were favoring Hillary.

OR

He didn't know what to do until he talked to Putin.

$C: He never reads reports,  nor does he listen to whomever is speaking.  Let's be honest,  he probably didn't know.
$C: This is extremely dangerous to our democracy.
$C: Kinda sad how we're being governed by literal tyrrany and all anyone wants to do is make hashtags and stand outside for a few hours yelling, rather than actually do anything about it.

Even more saddening is how so many people are asking *other* people to do something about it, all while calling to repeal the very Amendment that allows us to protect ourselves from tyrrany.

Ive said it many times before, and I'll say it again: Every American needs to keep [The Four Boxes of Liberty](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Four_boxes_of_liberty) in mind. The soap box and ballot box have failed. Now's the time to use the jury box, and if (when) that fails, we use the ammo box.
$C: Impeach him
$C: Can’t wait to see r/The_Donald defend this...
$C: “I don’t care, I won” - trump
$C: Of course he's not gonna care. Admitting that the election was rigged would cost him the presidency. He would be admitting that he wouldn't have won without help from a foreign country hacking voting systems.
$C: Trump's worthless ass needs to be locked in a cage and stripped of his ill gotten wealth and Russia needs to be removed from the UN.
$C: Everyone's talking about **voting** this **November 6th,** but what is that going to do now that it is 100% confirmed that Russia had tampered with the election process? Sure I'll vote, but how is that going to do anything when Russia can make that all null and void? It doesn't seem like there's much we, as civilians, can actively do about this.
$C: Props to you OP, this subreddit HATES pay-wall news sources. To get to #1 using the new york times is impressive. 
$C: Gold to the Poster? - yes a good post but Sub to the NYT - to support them, they are doing the real work (AKA the "Fake News")!
$C: Clinton was impeached over a blowjob. And ol' Bill can't hold a candle to what Trump did even in his first couple of weeks. Something is seriously broken here. 
$C: Anyway I can read the Intelligence report with its findings?
$C: America is clueless. May be pick up and read french revolution.
$C: Where are the proofs? The rock solid evidence? You can't start a war based on some indication.
$C: [removed]
$C: It's treason, then.
$C: Sorry to be so cynical, but wake me up when something happens, please.
$C: [deleted]
$C: How can this not be the final nail in this scumbags fucking COFFIN?!? 
$C: **HOW do Trump supporters defend this?**
$C: "There is no serious person out there who would suggest somehow that you could even rig America’s elections … There’s no evidence that that has happened in the past or that there are instances in which that will happen this time…"

— Barack Obama, October 18, 2016
$C: This post was definitely flooded by bots.
$C: [deleted]
$C: r/the_Donald really downvoted this a lot
$C: I mean I'm European so I don't claim to know everything but......... How are you guys a year behind the rest of the world? It's your own fucking county. The rest of the world has been making you a laughing stock for ages now and you guys can't see the most obvious shit ? Maybe you guys deserve him. And yes that's harsh but you brought it upon yourselves

Edit: love the downvotes, you can't hide from the very obvious truth trumpvoters.
$C:  74 gold for  story with no sources, does not implicate Trump in any way and is about info he got after he was elected. 

Nobody is even talking about this on CNN. MSNBC etc. it isn’t even on their pages. 

Spicer said on MSNBC the “meddling” is clear, but there is no evidence of collusion. 

What is “meddling”? Where is the proof anything was hacked? 

I am just a pragmatist by nature, and this is crazy how easy this thread took off without any proof or any statute that would be violated even if it was. There is no law against lying. Politicians do it all the time.

Weird.
$C: Nothing he didn't already know.
$C: Let's break it down from a fundamental standpoint.

Establishment politicians like Obama and his Democrat cronies as well as so-called Republicans like Mitch McConnell created a massive political divide during Obama's second term, both on party lines and on intersectional/racial/sexuality lines.

Putin and the Russians saw this as an opportunity to create global chaos, on which they thrive, by ingniting the gasoline-doused dumpster that is the left through meddling in our election. There's no evidence that anything was swayed one way or another, but the meddling was enough to get the leftist media going.

Sit back and watch America beat each other to death over quite literally nothing.

Russia profits.

Wake up. It's not a Hillary issue, it's not a Trump issue, it's the fact that there are those who seek to tear America apart at its very core. Come together, accept that it's okay to have a different opinion, and unite in the fact that America is great and we bow down to no one.
$C: Isn't it concerning that this type of information can leak?  What's the point of highly classified intelligence if it is in the NY Times?  
$C: Trump has been gaslighting the country for 18 months now 
$C: He’s completely comprised* of shit.

edit.  ahem. 
$C: I'm starting to wonder if maybe this Trump fellow could have been colluding with Russia
$C: This is a turning point in not only US politics, but also world politics. He is no longer our president, he is a perpetrator of high treason.
$C: Let's get #ImpeachTrump trending on everything. 
$C: I wonder how t_d spins this
$C: Someone please explain to me why this deserves to be guilded 44 times within 4 hours of being posted.
$C: See, this is when the American people need to actually do something. It’s all very well and good complaining, giving this post 61 bloody golds, but that means jack shit in the real world. What’s needed is protest, you need to actually make the government hear your voices. Force them to listen to your outrage. Stop being complacent, stop sitting idly by and PROTEST!
$C: We need another push of upvotes and gold. I’d give one myself but I’m stuck on mobile in the Atlanta airport. Wake up east coast and start reading. Your democracy is at stake. 

Edit: I see the_dumpsterfire is on an all nighter.  
$C: *"What do you mean he's not getting impeached?? We gilded that guy 72 times! That proves it needs to happen!"*
$C: If I had the money I'd be leaving the US so fast. I win the lotto, it's Switzerland here I come. Ceeya United States of Russia! 
$C: Jesus tap dancing Christ...

This motherfucker is clearly compromised, cannot be trusted to carry out the duties of the office, and MUST be removed from office ASAP. 
$C: Sadly nothing will come of this.  
$C: This country needs a nation wide strike until our fake president resign. Let's get started. 
$C: He's not an idiot. He knows that Russia did it. His decision to publicly say otherwise is probably part of some hairbrained plan he has.
$C: Folks, if you think this is bad, let me kindly remind you that we still have yet to find Hillary's 30,000 emails.

How scary is that?

>!/s!<
$C: So wait. They knew about this since the election but just last week they announce the indictments and the FBI guy said that the meddling didn't affect voting. Which one is it. Where was Obama to speak out on this. He could have easily put something out. He was the pres.
$C: 20% downvoted. Trumptards truly are in a cult.
$C: If the intelligence agencies knew about it before the inauguration, wouldn't that mean Obama knew about it and chose to do nothing?
$C: Remember [this](https://i.imgur.com/GAy5vPQ.png)?

or [this](https://i.imgur.com/zkZKT4x.png)?

or [this](https://i.imgur.com/2jeSNJ6.png)?

or [this](https://i.imgur.com/xQL6uoZ.gif)?

You guys ... *sigh* ...
$C: [deleted]
$C: Guy from Europe here. I once saw America as the promised land, the perfect country. Then, I started to follow news. Guys, what are you doing with your country? This shit is sad.
$C: #TRE45ON
$C: [deleted]
$C: Democratic, republican, independent.... This isn't normal. 
$C: 36x gold for a post that means little for a change in US politics.
$C: >According to several people at the intelligence meeting

Okay lol
$C: Wake up Americans, impeach the man already...
$C: Americans, you are SOFT AS FUCK if you don't respond with physical protests.
$C: 10 hour old post, 159,502 points (77% upvoted).

You're telling me only 77% of reddit would upvote this news?  Gimme a frigging break.   It seems to me like at least 20% of reddit traffic must be coming from bots controlled by a group trying to regulate what Trump related content hits r/all
$C: What is their source for the contents of the briefing two weeks before his inauguration? I feel that we are past the point where you can say these things and not immediately have a source footnoted or listed. This is not because I suppose Trump but rather because I want it explicitly clear where information comes from so no one can disputes if the times is making shit up. We need to convey that this is trustworthy to people on the fence by putting sources front and center to make it obvious this isn't fake to people who are still holding out.
$C: “Russia meddled in the election”...from the same US intelligence agencies who brought you “Iraq has WMDs”
$C: ##WE NEED VOTER ID LAWS IN EVERY STATE TO COUNTER THESE RUSKIE AHOLES NOW!
$C: Guys, you're following for the "We got Trump!" pretty hard again. He's a giant dirtbag, I agree, but the people on this website hang on to every possible shred of news on him, and act like each new, salacious info will end his career.

Even hindsight would show you that reacting to Trump like you did in 2016 will only lead to you getting more and more upset when each "scandal" goes nowhere, but the majority of you have a horrible blind spot to the fact that this keeps happening, and it's just sad.



$C: So Russia exposed Democrats and leftists are butthurt over it.

Accept it Democrats. Your party is over.
$C: This boggles my mind. Why is he so afraid to blame Russia or at least accept the findings of the IC? Is he compromised? John Breeann, Obama’s CIA director, said the IC might withhold intelligence from Trump. That’s a scary thought. And a decision not taken lightly. POTUS could be compromised, and millions of Americans would rather blame hardworking members of OUR security community and take Russia at its word. What is happening? 
$C: I keep saying "Oh, this will be the one." It never is. 
$C: What baffles me about Trump having supporters is not that he's a complete idiot. What baffles me is this. He lies to his own people. Not even for the greater good, as it seems.

Anyway, what happens next?
$C: Impeach!
$C: Another shoe drops and still no action. This investigation is so vexing. 
$C: Can we kick him out yet??
$C: I find it funny to see americans upset by this when we, latin american, have been living this since forever by US hands
$C: By doing nothing, trump is showing he is acting currently as a russian asset.
$C: can you even imagine the uproar he would be in over this if Hilary was elected
$C: This shit is so depressing to see as a young person :(
$C: Fucking mind blown that this guy hasn’t been IMPEACHED. HE IS TREASONOUS. As are 1/2 of your government. 
$C: Why did *our government allow the inauguration to continue? I don't get it.
$C: How did they hack the voting machines though I haven’t seen this explained?
$C: yeah sounds highly classified to me
$C: It must not be highly classified if two reporters from the New York times saw it too. 
$C: This uhh, this is why people are losing any faith in the Republican party. Not because he represents all Republicans, but because so many just sit there and ignore this. Even with Russia meddling, that's probably the only recourse people have. Turning to Democrats who may end up actually doing something, because Trump isn't labeled as a Democrat. 

Maybe there's good reasons to lie to the American people, but not trying to stop a foreign power from doing this is pretty messed up my dudes. It's not all about ratings or your own ego of believing you earned a victory all by yourself.
$C: Well, wish me luck. I like to live dangerously, so I'm going to sort by controversial.
$C: I can't believe there are still people who clearly don't see Trump as a narssistic, egomaniac, compulsive liar.
$C: You deserve all the gold you get for linking a NY times article, OP! Brave liberal souls unite! 
$C: “The election isn’t rigged Donald, you’re just losing.” ~Hillary Clinton 2016
$C: It's interesting to see what Trump was tweeting on January 7, 2017, the day after he received the briefing:

https://www.politico.com/story/2017/01/donald-trump-russia-233311

> "Having a good relationship with Russia is a good thing, not a bad thing. Only "stupid" people, or fools, would think that it is bad! We....." he wrote. "have enough problems around the world without yet another one. When I am President, Russia will respect us far more than they do now and.... both countries will, perhaps, work together to solve some of the many great and pressing problems and issues of the WORLD!"

It's worth noting that his intelligence briefing on this also received some news back in January 2017:

> Following a meeting with the intelligence community on Friday, where Trump was briefed on an intelligence report by the chiefs of the CIA, FBI and NSA, the president-elect acknowledged Russia — as well as other countries such as China — have tried to "break through the cyber infrastructure of our governmental institutions, businesses and organizations."
$C: This dude needs to hang. 
$C: Honest question: if he was given this before being inaugurated couldn’t Obama have done something? Or was it just too late? 
$C: If only Mit was elected back in 12’ he would have taken the Russian threat more seriously. How do you not remember this yet I see references to “binders full of women” at least once a month. WTF! You people made Trump!
$C: So weird but legit question: can this be reposted every so often just to remind everybody that this indeed did happen and it doesn't magically disappear from our public memory
$C: Did anyone else read this shit. I’m not a trump support, I’m not a Hillary support. But this shit didn’t make any got damn sense.  It just lead you down an endless rabbit hole of skepticism with no valid recourses 
$C: I don’t even know what is important news and what isn’t important news anymore because people blow things out of proportion regarding trump so often. The anti trumpers have made it impossible for a moderate like me to understand what’s actually going on. 
$C: HEY GOP-  any time you wanna stop being traitors is cool with me.

$C: As an outsider, I enjoy this daily “click-bait” news.  There’s always something new everyday (although it seems to be rehashed sometimes) and there’s always outrage on both sides.  I predict nothing will comes out from this.   Dem supporters will continue to blame trump and trump supporters will continue to support trump and this news cycle will continue to spill out anything that gets them “clicks”.   They need to make money somehow.  It’s just crazy to watch Americans go at each other.  
$C: How is he *still* president. I am pretty sure he can murder people in the street at this point and Congress will continue to finger pop their assholes. 
$C: Hillary Clinton may have lost the election, but I firmly believe she will be vindicated by history. Trump, the current GOP and any Trump supporters will not be looked upon kindly by future generations. 
$C: 
>The F.B.I. director, James B. Comey, was also there; after the formal briefing, he privately told Mr. Trump about the “Steele dossier.” That report, by a former British intelligence officer, included uncorroborated salacious stories of Mr. Trump’s activities during a visit to Moscow, which he denied.

Remember, also, that Trump was proved to have lied to Comey immediately after this information was given to him, and claimed that he had flown back to the US that night and had not spent a single night in Moscow.   Proven false and a lie by his flight records, disappeared into the ether of 1 million other lies he's spit out since he's been president.

What would your motivation be to lie about something like that reflexively when you're being told something incredibly damaging and embarrassing (whether true or false) about yourself?   Why would you have a specific lie loaded and ready to go like that?   It's consciousness of guilt, and Trump has it in spades.  Almost as much as he has lies ready... because that's all he ever does.
$C: Not a single peep about this on /r/the_donald
$C: People if America, your government has turned against you, this is becoming clearer every day.

Take action now before irreversible damage is done not only to your country but the whole world.
$C: Amazing how the upvotes were 96% and now it's 80%. Russian bots stay on the loose. 
$C: So what does this realistically mean then? Cuz every day I read about some new dishonest, idiotic, treasonous thing he did and nothing ever happens....but this one has way more upvotes so what's gonna happen? 
$C: Holy shit 50 gold that's incredible, I hope this amount of gold can push congresses to do something faster than Ellen apologizing for that meme of her riding Usain Bolt. 

Edit: 35 gold
Edit2:36 gold
Edit3:37 gold
Edit4:47 gold
Edit5:50 gold 

Jesus Christ I don't think there have ever been this many golds on one post 
$C: Mayor Quimby is president.
$C: How many times was the mostgilded guy in reddit history? I think it had to do with someone eating a penis but can't remember.
$C: And nothing will happen again lol
$C: I’m too high for this shit
$C: So I'm just a European buy isn't impeachment still an option? 
$C: Gold x36 I have never seen that much gold in my life 
$C: Even if Trump hasn't worked with the Russians at all he's a narcissist. He perceives the idea that anyone helped him get to where he is as an attack on him and his brain won't accept it. Even if he sat with Putin and they planned it all he would rationalize that he won fair and square.
$C: Commenting on this to be a part of history 
$C: If Trump gets impeached, I think "I said the word 'would' instead of 'wouldn't,'" is going to be his "I'm not a crook" and "It depends upon what the meaning of the word 'is' is."
$C: Call all of your representatives. They don't read minds.
$C: This kills the country
$C: Any and all trump supporters are traitors to this country, the republican party and the president are traitors.
$C: America needs to do something with this joke of a leader ASAP. I mean no country is perfect but jesus this whole thing has made the American government a complete joke.

And the longer this keeps going, the worse its going to get
$C: Pretty much a bombshell here and I just had to check, no mention I could find in r/news. But I mean it's not as noteworthy as a YouTube channel or Sasha Baron Cohen so what can you expect?
$C: So like what happens now? It seems like Republicans won't vote to imoeach Trump. So then we're left with voting but Russians already hacked the election supposedly so like...? What happens to America now 
$C: What the fuck is going on here on this day
$C: Even Fox News is reporting, and from a quick read (already read NYT piece) seems like they are actually presenting the facts: http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2018/07/19/trump-was-briefed-about-putins-meddling-role-2-weeks-before-taking-office-report.html
$C: Okay. So serious question. 

You polysci, public policy, global politics elders and states persons can carve away on... Where is this putting the UNITED States in way of heading towards a civil war, or some permanent country altering boundaries? 

It seems to me that we are looking at a new USofA where our hate, disdain, jealousies and apathy for citizens to rise up TOGETHER to put a stop to all this silliness. We have failed to really call out any government official, who in turn have failed to protect US the people & OUR country. 

We have looked into the mirror on acid and now we cannot allow the luxury of just letting this go. To me, I imagine, on a personal level, this as horrible and shameful as remaining silent once you have confirmed your spouses affair. 

So please, where are WE? What happens to US all?
$C: Donald Trump is not 'presidential' at all. Anyone who thought he was remotely qualified or prepared to handle the responsibilities of this position were extremely foolish or willing to ignore all their principles in the name of a few conservative supreme court picks. He looked so god damned weak at the podium next to President Uber Masculinity. Overall, it's pretty fucking sad.
$C: Why would he care? It’s him that benefitted.
$C: How the fuck has anyone gotten away with any of this? Like actually, if I fucked around in my old government job I’d be fired within the day. 

On a side note, I absolutely hate people who are black and white on the issue, trump haters and sympathizers. No, trump is not the perfect white male to lead your racist army and shit. No, trump is not the bane to all American freedom and the root of all issues. Listen to the news, and listen to what’s written in our law. We know what we can do, so let’s act on it instead of acting like we hate our fairly amazing country. 
$C: DUMP TRUMP HE IS A CHUNK
$C: https://www.theonion.com/my-god-i-ve-discovered-the-missing-link-in-the-russia-1823923525
$C: let me get this straight, trump has hundreds of million of dollars in business deals through Russian banks and properties and he doesn't want to criticize their prez...how odd...are you trying to tell me he is only out for himself and to enrich a wealthy few? no it can't be...
$C: Nothing will be done. 
$C: [how I imagine that went](https://pics.me.me/mmhm-oh-yeah-yeah-yeah-9236-i-know-some-of-25970433.png)
$C: I need a real strong drink.
$C: FUCKING IMPEACH
$C: So if he isn't impeached by the end of his term, and obviously believing that he won't be re-elected, what are the chances that he will be convicted and sent to jail? Is it a possibility? In Korea, ex-president Park Geun-hye was impeached and thrown to jail, and ex-ex-president Lee Myung-bak was convicted and thrown to jail, both for bribery (I believe..). So is it possible to expect a similar scenario in the US with bigger investigation than the current ongoing one? 
$C: man that must suck having another government try and affect your election results. America out of all the countries are the ones who least deserve this.
$C: What intelligence? If the intelligence services are so convinced that (a) they're correct (b) Trump isn't doing his job then they have a moral obligation to release intelligence directly to the public.

Sure, they may have to flee after doing so but if Trump is indeed impeached due to this lack of action on intelligence, then they'll be seen as heroes by people eventually.
$C: Why aren't the people of the United-States in the streets to protest ?
$C: All USA ally where concerned when Trump got elected because was so obvious what type of man he was. But sadly, less obvious for his supporters. I truly wish that USA will get rid of this moron and his Nazi staff ASAP. Wake the fuck up America!!! 
From Europe with love!
$C: Can I ask, at what point do Americans say, enough is enough?

Yes, I'm part of the many who just reads about the outrage, feels the tinge of rage, and later moves in with his life. But at what point do the people finally do something about it?

People keep saying to vote, and yes, definitely vote, but it feels like we as a nation just sit idly until the voting booths open. I lack the wit to organize and protest, but I'll take time off to go and let my displeasure be known. We need more of France's gusto.
$C: So it's treason then.
$C: It's called treason, and it's spelled i-m-p-e-a-c-h-m-e-n-t. 
$C: I love how The_Donald isn’t saying shit.
$C: Good. Intelligence agencies are fighting back. 
$C: A cyber attack, or people talking on social media?
$C: I see post about Trump almost everyday on reddit but why is nothing happening to him?
$C: I'm not from the US and a lot of Trump's bullshit has given me outrage fatigue, but this headline actually sent a chill down my spine. 
$C: Lol at USA. 
$C: We already knew this, right? All stakeholders were briefed when the intelligence community announced this at the end of 2016. 
$C: Putin's poodle is not the legitimate POTUS.  Ergo nor is Albino Chucklehead the legit VP.

It's that simple.

We could benefit from an Extended Nationwide General Strike.
$C: Of course he knew.  He also knows nobody has the balls to do anything about it. 
$C: Oh for the days when their leader was the idiot buffoon dotard corrupt incompetent nepotist drunk and our guy was the Rhodes Scholar sax player who reversed the budget decline EIGHT successive years and whose worst issue was just not givin' up on needing sly pussy.
$C: Is this not treason?
$C: Wait, 64 people gave someone gold for sharing an NYT article?  

Here's 2 articles w/o a paywall for those that don't want to support that fuckery (they they both reference the NYT article)

 [link:thehill.com](http://thehill.com/homenews/administration/397789-trump-shown-highly-classified-intel-in-2017-proving-putin-personally)

[link:www.voanews.com](https://www.voanews.com/a/ny-times-trump-learned-extent-of-russian-meddling-before-inaugural/4489095.html)
$C: I am liking my country india more day by day.

$C: This is the most upvotes and gold I have ever seen on a post at 156k upvotes and 65 gold as I'm writing this.
$C: #US attitude: DO as we say not as we do!

The irony is that you are all likely being played by the real men in power.
$C: People in America cannot take this shit. Take to streets people and let your voices be heard. You cannot let your country be shoved in the ground like this. 
$C: How do we go from paralysed incredulous masses, to public demonstrations and protests in the street?
$C: So if Russia is responsible, what did they gain from this?
$C: When can this treasonous fuck be impeached or worse?
$C: OP got 67 gold?
$C: Sort by- controversial :)
$C: What's with the gold here?
$C: Disclaimer, did not vote for Trump.


I am not certain how I feel about the relevance of this.  Clearly, the public knew that someone was meddling due to WikiLeaks release of DNC emails and the dcleaks website/guccifer etc.  Whether the meddler was foreign or domestic is somewhat irrelevant - the information released was known either way, prior to innaguration.   


At the end of the day, all parties, individuals included, are trying to influence the elections (see marketing, super pacs, dinner conversation, and US involvement in other country elections).  


Can someone explain what should Trump have done at that point?
$C: Revolution when?
$C: Americans, what are you going to do now? You can’t keep sitting by and tweeting about it - get off your asses and protest, or something. All this gold ain’t gonna do shit. 
$C: The People will pay for His actions.
$C: I can't seem to find any other news articles mentioning this confirmation... any other sources?
$C: I've watched this post grow from 20 gold to 50 gold to 72 gold in a mere 14 hours. When I saw it the first time it already had about 40k upvotes now on 174k. This post will be the most viewed post within a couple of days.
$C: Trump didn't not know that Putin wasn't the man who might have not been responsible for the attacks on our elections which might or might not have happened.
$C: I'm just here for the 73x Gold and 177k upvotes this story got. Incredible.
$C: I don’t know what I am more surprised of. Your article or 73x gold. Holy shiett
$C: wow 73 gold
$C: It’s time to move on from this president.
$C: So allegedly a Russian spy very close to Putin gave the CIA (not the corrupt one) texts and emails which 1000% proves Vlad gave the order to hack Hillary’s account and show how corrupt she and the DNC is. (Of course a former KGB intelligence officer would have no idea who this spy would be and hang them by their ping pong balls. ) 

👌 indisputable proof for me!!! 

. Impeach Trumpkin! 
$C: Why are Americans not on the street protesting this? Name any European country and if shit like this was going on, there would be revolts on the streets. Why are you just rolling over and accepting all this? 
$C: Witchhunt huh!? 
$C: THIS IS WHY THE 2ND AMENDMENT IS SO IMPORTANT DIPSHITS! never in my life did I believe that “preventing tyranny” would come in to play, but here the fuck we are, stop trying to fuck with it and instead march your protests carrying assault rifles. Don’t use them unless you ABSOLUTELY are forced to but carry them. 

You’d never fucking believe how quick common sense gun laws would get passed after that.
$C: Where are all the Patriots? They would rather let Trump bring the down fall of America rather than admitting this guy is no good?
$C: Trump supporters literally don't care.  He's the answer to their prayers, he's the second coming.  He can do no wrong.  If he thinks Russia is the bees knees then it must be so.  Never mind that Trump wouldn't give a second shit to most of his supporters since they're beneath him.  Only the corporate lobbyists really know what's up and that's why they fucking love him as well.  Trump does what benefits Trump, and he does it really fucking well.
$C: Does anyone have a source that isn't NYT?

Not that I don't believe this, it's just my entire family are Trump Fantatics and only trust Fox News or any non-American news source. 

Thanks in advance. 
$C: I’m taking my anger straight to the polling booth. 
$C:  It's hard to believe people deny that the Russians would do this.  The Russians and the Chinese have meddled in our elections for *decades*. One of the problems is there is a generational disconnect between us and the cold war so we're shocked or ignorant that this is normal. Nations will always act in their own self interest and that means powerful nations will look at our candidates and decide who to help/harm. This is why the Chinese helped the Clintons in the 90's and this is why the Russians hurt the Clintons in our time. People think the Russians are allied with Trump but this is false. They are only allied with themselves and thus used their resources to harm Clinton and Rubio because Clinton and Rubio had the least benefit for the Russians based on their foreign policy and economic platforms. That's why they helped Bernie Sanders and Trump. You can replace Trump with anyone and the Russians would have still been involved and they still would have hacked and released the information showing that the Democrats were colluding with corporate media to help Hillary. People don't understand that the Russians are fucking *experts* at this kind of shit. Trump is only a useful idiot for them. 
$C: and that is fucking that, ladies and gentlemen.
$C: So forgive me if I am misunderstanding, when they are saying that Russia has tampered with the election, are they saying that they have tampered with the voting count or that they influenced other voters to vote for trump? If they influenced them, it was by releasing the Clinton emails or whatever right?

I just want to make sure I have this all straight since it’s literally all I see on Reddit now....
$C: How is the country with the most sophisticated intelligence agencies in the world, the biggest defence budget (by far) in the world, and the home of Silicon Valley, so susceptible to cyber attacks from what really only amounts to a banana Republic? 🤔
$C: Paid shills right now: the media is so mean to Trump wah wah wah.

Paid shills in 1939: the media is so mean to Hitler wah wah wah. 
$C: To TRY and sway, they do it every time. Our system worked as intended. Obama was right, you can’t hack our voting system, which is why he didn’t do anything about it. 
$C: A whole lot of text with a whole not of evidence.
$C: It's time to take to the streets America! Join the hundreds of thousands for the first **Day of Rage**, August 4th, 2018
$C: What baffles me as a German is why there isn't hundreds of thousands of people on the streets protesting against Trump right now. Like what the fuck, protect your democracy.
$C: It honestly doesn't matter. Republicans can be corrupted from the outside (maybe), Democrats are corrupted from the inside (maybe). Can trust any form of government. Just stay true to yourself, protect your rights and everything will be okay. 

Imagine a world where the Democrats take away our guns and the Republicans allow foreign invasion/influence. It's all smoke and mirrors. Don't trust anything you see online. For all we know both the Rep. and Dems. are colluding and just making it appear like one side is the "good" side. Or maybe neither side is colluding and nothing is actually happening and the U.S. is on a mass level of media manipulation. I would be surprised by any outcome. Trust nothing.
$C: Not that I'm discrediting nytimes but is there a source listed of where they received this information? How would they know about highly classified intelligence? Especially this severe? 

Being genuine. 
$C: I thought Trump was the lesser evil than Hillary, how wrong I was.
$C: Trump support has a built-in failsafe mechanism just like the Bible. It teaches followers to anticipate attacks--so even solid journalistic headlines simply prove MAGA scripture.
$C: But we already knew this. Why the upvotes and golds?
$C: If Hillary still won, would we have heard anything regarding tampering the election?
$C: You're going to need highly inrefutable evidence, simple enough for a ELI5, to convince Trump supporters of this. Good luck and godspeed America
$C: Hilarious. America got owned by a bunch of trolls. Literally. You can't even make this shit up.
$C: soooo, where are the sources for this article? 
$C: Please get Obama back. 🙏🏻
$C: Two weeks before his inauguration, Donald J. Trump was shown something he had to pretend he didn't already know of and partake in.
$C: How do we get this impeachment started then? I mean they wanted to impeach a guy for getting a blowjob. This seems a tad more serious. 
$C: I wish we could see the evidence for ourselves.
$C: NY Times is a "paper of record" i.e. if they are wrong, or there is a correction, it is on page 2 of the next paper.  

History.  Truth.  The Bloviator knew.
$C: Treason
$C: THIS IS CRAP, YOU GUYS NEED TO TRY HARD IF YOU WANT HIM OUT OF OFFICE
$C: Everyone keeps saying, "vote the Republicans out in November", but that's assuming the Russians aren't going to do anything (hack) to interfere with the voting somehow to make all Republicans win. However they did it in 2016, they will likely do it again this year too. And Republicans could be helping them somehow too. Something tell me Democrats will not be winning much, no matter how many people vote.
$C: No he didnt.
$C: So, I don't deny that this all sounds likely, but how are two reporters from the NYT considered valid sources of information to the these high level secrets and happenings in our government? 

When I show this to my right-wing friends and they ask why I consider this article a legit source of information, what do I say? From what I can tell they didn't interview Comey or anyone else in this. 
$C: Honest question from a european: i feel like this is a little hysterical. What exactly is the big deal? That russians hacked into democrats emails? And Trump lied about it? That is all? Well guess what, politicians lie all the time (i could make a list with politicians from europe) and if you are stupid enough to have important emails unprotected on your home computer, man i dont know.... Or is there more to it? I seriously do not understand it.
$C: Months before that, President Obama who had the same intelligence, went on national TV and told Trump that rigging elections was impossible and to stop whining about it.

Now Democrats are whining about rigged elections.
$C: Aside from UraniumOne for which HIllary and the Clinton got $180 million, and the $32  Million from the Prince of Quatar ( look at the IRS  990 statement) and  which NYTimes  and WaPo verified and wrote about in 2015  and the 5  x $500,000 paid to Bill for speeches in Russia which Bernie Sanders spoke about on the Campaign Trail and Finally Putin himself admitting it in his speeches that Russia had businesses give $400  Million to the DNC and Clinton.  Aside from the fact Three of the four  sources are Democrats themselves, na  no credible sources.   
$C: Will Reddit admins do something to stop the flood of botted posts? Probably not.
$C: Can we hit streets already? Jesus Christ what will it take. Let’s go people, the world is watching. This is absurd. 
$C: Nothing will happen. No story matters. I’m sorry but I’m just so jaded. Democracy doesn’t exist and there’s no justice in our government anymore.
$C: Fuck Trump and his bullshit, I'm so mad about his presidency. The founding fathers would fuck him up if they were alive. I want riots and protests and violence in response to him. He's horrible. I love being an American but he's so fucked and does not represent the majority at all. Also, fuck you conservative assholes who thought he would really change the US for the better, y'all are fucking stupid too. 
$C: Will this be enough to finally get rid of him?
$C: How exactly did Russia hack or interfere with the election? 

Edit: Downvoted for asking a question? I’m not Ameican so it hasn’t really been in the news here
$C: The obsession will never die
$C: It's treason then.
$C: First time ever I get an email from reddit telling me about "Top Posts," with this at the top of the list. I've never shown interest in this topic. Seems like there's an agenda here.
$C: Anyone who thinks for a second this is Trump being stupid or conned by Putin, is stupid.
$C: as much as i hate trump, he's a smokescreen for the real issue that all democrats and republicans are all extremely morally bankrupt and will take cash and power over the interests of the population every single time

trump is just a symptom of our failed political and economic system
$C: [removed]
$C: [deleted]
$C: This is a good read, but can someone justify/explain this for me?  

> The evidence included texts and emails from Russian military officers and information gleaned from a top-secret source close to Mr. Putin, who had described to the C.I.A. how the Kremlin decided to execute its campaign of hacking and disinformation.  

This means we either hacked these emails ourselves, used CIA connections with other national intelligence agencies to steal information from Putin, we've knowingly planted a spy in his country or there's a whistleblower leaking information to us. Only one of those three aren't sketchy AF, in my eyes at least.  

Ordering disinformation and cyber attacks to sway an election is wrong, but are 3/4 of those things right?
$C: This seems...yuge
$C: Where’s Jack Baurer when you need him. 
$C: Of course he did....
$C: Huh, I wonder if this news has anything to do with all the "both sides are the same" and "lol orange man bad" idiots coming out today to try to do damage control.
$C: “So what! I won, didnt I?”

- Trump probably 
$C: we as Americans that stupid? that we can be swayed easily? why don’t we consume more. You’d think ad companies will learn from the Russians and have better targeted ads. 
$C: This is the intelligence community fighting back. 
$C: This is massive. He has lied to our faces multiple times.
$C: I feel like it took a really long time for this to show up...
$C: [deleted]
$C: So what is the solution here? Sanctions? NATO action? 
$C: But I thought he told us that it definitely ~~was~~n't probably Russia :(
$C: He won why would he care? He'd spend his 'fortune' on ways for telling us he really won if it was Hilary.
$C:  Maybe we should pull some Middle Ages shit, when it comes to Treason. Although, that's usually with Royalty.... Fuck it. Do it anyway.
$C: It's not soft paywalled for me. Is that just one of my extensions working some magic, or is it an X number of views paywall?
$C: Well son of a bitch. Aint that something. 
$C: As a non-US citizen please eli5 why  this man ~~can't be~~ is not being impeached
$C: when russia has an election and putin wins, i think to myself "yeah well ofc the vote was fixed as fuck"

i don't want the world to feel that way about our elections. please fix this america. idk how. just please please do it.
$C: So unless I'm misunderstanding, wouldn't this prove that he's full of crap denying that it happened at all, but actually telling the truth that he wasn't aware of it happening during the campaign? Not that that makes him innocent by any means, it's more proof that he lied about so much of this, but that's a pretty big deal on the other side of things, no?
$C: The thought that I could not get out of my head for the better part of two years now is how monumentally ape shit people would be going if it were a Democrat who pulled even half of the things Trump has done since he was elected. 
$C: He was very strong in his denial.
$C: >“I was convinced in the summer that the Russians were trying to interfere in the election,” he said in testimony in May 2017. “And they were very aggressive.”

Especially this late in the summer! Heh.


$C: I fully believe that he didn't actually read it. I think the last time that Trump willingly read something that wasn't about himself was never. 
$C: “You owe me big time” -Putin 
$C: Yet he believes putin
$C: Um, why are we only just now hearing about this?
$C: Who’s our most senior general? 
Time for a coup 

$C: But it was done to sway the election towards *him.*

This is like showing the chief of police the murder weapon used by the hitman that he hired
$C: "What did the president know? And when did he know it?"
$C: Huh. Weird. 
$C: Trump is a conspiracy theorist. That’s why
$C: That’s when he realized the field plans he got from guccifer actually came from the GRU and he started shitting his pants. 
$C: So is anything really going to happen? I log in on Reddit to see these top posts all the time and read constantly about people raving about how this is the last straw, but it never is. 

Wake me up when impeachment is up for vote in Congress.
$C: How does one guild from mobile?
$C: Well, it DOES say the cyberattacks were "complex".

Trump doesn't do complex. 

If it wasn't on the mental level of a Looney Tunes cartoon then he ain't gettin' it.
$C: Can someone ELI5 the reason he hasn't been in *any* sort of trouble for this shit?

In my extremely unprofessional view it seems like he could be impeached for treason at this point. 
$C: Omg...  can bill gates or jeff bezos just fucking buy fox new already... you know perhaps make them tell real news.


I literally can not comprehend how any employee of fox mews can sit buy and think that hey I am brain washing my country into thinking the Orangutan in the Oval Office is good for the country.  Even with a pay check I would rather starve and see my family starve than see that man in office any more.

And I am very sorry to insult our near cousins the Orangutans,  I am just happy the Librarian didn’t see ....^^^oh ^^^shit
$C: *wasn’t 

‘DONE!’

-Trump, probably...
$C: is this going to be the final straw?
$C: Quit yo whining Cuh
$C: This whole thing boils down to the fact his fragile ego can't handle the fact a foreign power helped him win the election, so he calls it fake news and refuses to acknowledge it. It's also why he won't bad mouth Putin or stick up for America - he knows he's going to need the help again in 2020 lol.
$C: [deleted]
$C: 
Hey /u/DoremusJessup,


This is now the top post on reddit. It will be recorded at /r/topofreddit with all the other top posts.
$C: Can you imagine not being surprised about news like this about any other president?
$C: He responded "I know."
$C: THROW HIM IN JAIL ALREADY
$C: all those hacked emails and not one detailing a single idea to help American people.  


$C: Every day I see something that is advertised as "damning" to Trump... AMD every day I become less and less confident that he will ever be punished for what has happened in his presidency. I've lost hope that he really will be removed from office, tried for crimes and treason, and that america will once again be a little more sane than it has been with his shit show of a term. I'm tired, y'all. Tired of being disappointed. Tired of thinking everytime one of these articles is posted "So what, there's nothing we can do. He's still going to be President."
$C: That’s c14 classified. 
$C: But are we actually going to do anything with this information?
$C: I have no reason to believe that russia would hack our elections. 

Edit: I said the opposite of what I meant. 
$C: Why would you let your enemy know what information you have on them? Seems like poor strategy to me.
$C: Legally speaking, isn’t this enough to build an actual full-on investigation that will cover all aspects of this meddling?
$C: Wait he was shown classified documents.. who leaked this info that in itself is terrible. 
$C: So... Treason.
$C: I don't really give a fuck what he has or hasn't done to be honest, I've wanted to see him impeached since day one just because Trump supporters are so obnoxious. Yeah lying to the American people no matter if it's to protect his ego, American confidence in democracy, or a foreign power, is clearly morally and legally wrong though.
$C: Collusion and treason. Undeniable.

Trump is NOT a legitimate President.
$C: And the consequences of this will be... ?
$C: hadn't*
$C: Why would he rat out someone who helped him win? 
$C: Russia's only mistake is they chose such a dumb dude to put in the Whitehouse
$C: The fact that our democracy is now in jeopardy, we live in a very scary time where the government can do things against the will of the people and we can’t even fight with our vote. It is times like this where Democrats and Republicans need to set aside their different views and work together to get trump out of office and stop this from happening again
$C: This is going to be the best documentary ever.
$C: Like Russian mind control. 
$C: I’m sure he was real surprised lol. 
$C: Can we please please forget this last year and a half, count it out and get a do over?! I would not be mad if someone said sorry folks, the past year up until this point was just a huge misunderstanding, paper work mix up, you guys know we're the gov.
$C: This is fucked. We're fucked. Wtf how is he still our leader. HOW
$C: How many days until a spy is assassinated

$C: So when the does the impeachment start? Like for real? What to do we have to do to get the hall rolling here. This is serious. 
$C: What is the next step now?
$C: All politicians are corrupt. Trump is easily exposed as corrupt. Yet he will remain president. The winners are media outlets... How much attention they get with him is why he is president. Its now proven that presidency is a distraction
$C: "top secret" eh?
$C: An American Reality Show (2016-present) 

Wait till you see what they have lined up for season 2
$C: but nothing matters
$C: I'm curious what they actually did. "Complex cyberattacks" is pretty vague.
$C: TR45ASON
$C: Does this mean he’ll finally be impeached?
$C: I’m not some rocket scientist, but I believe this is a big deal. 
$C: Ho. Ly. Shit. 
$C: "Mr. Trump sounded grudgingly convinced, according to several people who attended the intelligence briefing." 

I'm having trouble visualizing several people with Top Secret security clearances openly telling the media, "The Pesident sounded convinced," in reference to anything discussed. This just doesn't seem like a credible source. 
$C: That’s cute 
$C: So Uh. Can they finally fucking impeach 
$C: >The shifting narrative underscores the degree to which Mr. Trump regularly picks and chooses intelligence to suit his political purposes?

What does the Times writer mean by political purposes? Would it not be more appropriate to have left motive as an unknown, rather than having a political purpose?  

$C: Shortly after sources of this information in Russia were killed.
$C: Trump’s having a shitty week and it’s not even Thursday.
$C: Oh wow they were true. 
$C: Just wtf, how corrupt can the PRESIDENT of the u.s be??? At this point it feels more like a scenario from a movie than reality. I hope that we learn from this mistake.
$C: So like election tampering is okay? Is it seriously something with no consequences? Goddamn 
$C: does he get impeached now? so, this is evidence of wrongdoing? please tell me this is evidence of a crime, already. 
$C: He won’t get impeached and even if he does, the fucker has caused so many problems what really could be done to fix what’s been done?
$C: And this is still highly classified?
$C: Well shit. 
$C: Holy Crap. This is big.  There's a storm coming now...
$C: That makes his treasonous behavior even more despicable, if that’s possible. 
$C: Well whatever it is they have on him has been there for a while. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: Ohhhh dis gonna be juicy!
$C: Let me say this is all part of Trump and his lawyers team  plan to taint the public’s knowledge and force Jury Nullification in a Trial. 

I don’t know this for a fact but it’s beginning to look a lot like this.
$C: This is the Obstruction of Justice charge that will certainly stick, further legitimizing a charge of Treason, that will (help) bring down Trump. Unfortunately, we’ll have to have Vice President Rigor Mortis step in, but I doubt he will get much done up to the 2020 election.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Holllllllly shit
$C: Can we just build a wall facing Russia? 
$C: So what was the information that Trump received from the Russians? What dirt on Clinton was he trying to find? 
$C: What i would like to know is what the odds are on him being taken out by an american security agency.
$C: Holy shit
$C: If it's highly classified why are we hearing about it? Shouldn't it be a secret?? 
$C: It just doesn't matter to repubs in congress, House or Senate. They will look the other way and say he misspoke or he is not a professional politician and didn't know better.  It just doesn't matter to 45 percent of the American people.  He is  GEOTUS (god emperor of the United States). 
$C: I'm glad they clarified it was Vladimir V. Putin as opposed to that other Vladimir Putin it coulda been mistaken for. 
$C: Well if only the american people saw that. It might've have had an actual effect in the election. I have yet to see how "attacks" changed how people voted.
$C: He has the whole intelligence community, the entire US armed forces,nukes, and the greatest strategical minds in the country and the world, and he's still kissing Putin's ass?  I don't get it.  

$C: So like... how big is this? How big is this really? We’ve seen egregious shit from this idiot before and it’s been laughed at, is this the key thing we needed to bring him down?? 
$C: What the heck is going on with this government ?!
$C: Somebody really didn’t want Hilldog in office
$C: If it wasn't a highly produced video with explosions and naked chicks he wasn't paying attention. If it was in written form or read to him he just said "uhuh, uhuh, uhuh, yup, uhuh" while thinking about bouncing boobs.

*"I was elected to lead, not to read!"*
$C: I’d like to congratulate the Russians for playing the long con and winning the Cold War after the fall of the USSR.
$C: ly 2017, just after meeting Mr. Putin for the first time, Mr. Trump told a New York Times reporter that the Russian president had made a persuasive case that Moscow’s cyberskills were so good that the government’s hackers would never have been caught. Therefore, Mr. Trump recounted from his conversation with Mr. Putin, Russia must not have been responsible.


Soo good you couldn’t be caught? You can see the bots around right now
$C: What did the russians hack and how did it change the election?  
$C: does “indicating” necessarily mean “definitely”?... or no... you know what I mean?...

also genuinely asking nothing political just wondering if maybe the title looks worse than it is. Bc yea we know there were rumors but does this mean it’s confirmed it happened? Or just confusing words to make already known rumors look real? 
$C: Hmm. And yet he persisted.
$C: Can someone please tell me if this will actually turn into something big or not?
$C: Why didn’t it work?
$C: Non electronic voting seems to be the safer option.
$C: Vladimir Putin ***of Russia*** ? Glad you clarified that for us, I was thinking of Vladimir Putin of Botswana.
$C: Why is every political article so hard to understand. It feels like I need to know everything from the start of his campaign to understand what's going on now 
$C: RUH ROH
$C: And on the next episode of Homeland...
$C: If anyone actually cared about this nation theyd be standing in the reflecting pool on the national mall with signs. But no one is. And apprantly they wont, myself included.
$C: ...wow
$C: It's midnight. Why is this hitting the front page right now?
$C: I haven't read the article because of the paywall.   But why has it taken a year and a half for this to come out?
$C: Since they name a "source close to Putin", I wonder how long before someone "close to Putin" gets his neck broken before being dropped out of a tenth floor apartment with barred windows.
$C: The world now feels like an anime story plotline to me. Leaders meet up to the huge climax with minibattles like london and shit and BOOM. HERE IT GOES
$C: Is this the meeting he came out of shell shocked? There was a few of those before the inauguration.
$C: As someone who isn't American,lets say it's proven the GOP and Trump worked or had help from Russia. What happens? Do you have a new election, or does it just go down the line of succession until they find someone not guilty? 
$C: "And I've got a yuge bridge to sell you, the best bridge."
$C: But Putin said no so...who ya gonna believe?  Putin right?
$C: Reminds me of this. 
https://youtu.be/bYasIxe4xuQ
$C: Do any/many countries have procedures in place where their leader can be fired for incompetence, or some other equally warranted reason?
$C: My bad, make that 1200 central, so I guess that is 1:00 am eastern.
$C: I just hope there really are some good uncurropt people left in the USA government to stop this shit. I'm legit concerned Russia can decide our elections. Over reaction?
$C: Treason. This criminal and Putin pawn needs to resign or be led to prison. 
$C: All i can say is that I hope no information was revealed that could help Russia figure out who the mole is. Because you know the president told Russia everything. 

Fuck I never thought I’d type something like that. 
$C: “Oh yeah, I already know. I knew about it ages ago” Trump responded
$C: So he said he believed putin had to hand in it, stating it to the world. Now evidence has came out that says the opposite. 

How has he not been impeached. 
$C: If Donald Trump gets impeached or reprimanded in any way, shape or form, I will eat a copy of his autobiography on camera.
$C: Is this the real life?
Is this just fantasy?
Caught in a landslide, 
Won't side with reality.

$C: Well it's about. Fucking. Time. 
$C: Как работают боты сегодня?
$C: Damnit Russia, why did you breed some of the best hackers on earth? And did you take them all from cs;go?? 
$C: Im not getting into arguments. Whats the response from trump supporters?
$C: Can we just elect Whitey Bulger president next? At least he would tell Putin to get fucked. 
$C: Say what???
$C: I just wonder how deep in GOP this goes. There is no way in hell GOP would still be backing him if top brass was clean. 
$C: As an Indian, all these trump stuff is like a real life detective TV show happening and it's as if no one knows who's the protagonist or the antagonist.

Trump makes for the idiotic showpiece that they play around.


It's all very entertaining and scary at the same time .

Waiting for all kinds of books after his term though.
$C: Is it possible that mueller can finish the investigation in peace now forcrissake
$C: Okay. So what does this ultimately mean? What is the step in all of this process?
$C: Gc6r
$C: *"I miss-read the intelligence.  When I read it, I accidentally read it as "didn't" instead of Russia "did" order complex cyber attacks to sway the election.  I thought it said President Putin didn't personally order complex cyber attacks."*
$C: Putin GOAT!
$C: Trump texting Putin right away " Thanks for them votes homie"
$C: [meanwhile, in the Kremlin](https://media1.tenor.com/images/a8b775fe81e39fb6cf5cace868929e05/tenor.gif?itemid=12046589)
$C: So does this mean he can go up for impeachment or not yet?
$C: It could have been anyone. Could have been the Canadians, or the British, Germans, you know, American enemies.
$C: Who knew treason could be so complicated?
$C: When is Rod Serling going to pop out and narrate the moral of this Twilight Zone episode? It's been a long one...
$C: I'm not American but Jesus Christ you guys better all get your asses down and vote this guy out of office asap.
$C: Plot twist Trump was blackmailed the presidency for support for Russia ;)
$C: This is going to be on Last Week Tonight with John Oliver.
$C: “In July 2017, just after meeting Mr. Putin for the first time, Mr. Trump told a New York Times reporter that the Russian president had made a persuasive case that Moscow’s cyberskills were so good that the government’s hackers would never have been caught. Therefore, Mr. Trump recounted from his conversation with Mr. Putin, Russia must not have been responsible.”

If I can’t see you with my eyes closed, that means you’re clearly invisible.
$C: OP's sadly relevant username 
$C: Oh boy you guys really got outplayed by the russians.
$C: oof
$C: What in the fuck are we supposed to do now? 
$C: "Putin helped me win, He's a good guy"
$C: And this admistration has the balls to consider letting Russia interrogate one of OUR ambassadors. Fuck these people. 
$C: But what does it mean??
$C: Ooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!! 
$C: Guess we know why he likes Putin.
$C: Trump should be serving the American people, not his own wallet.
$C: So, is something going to come of this?
$C: Is there any logical reason he isn't facing charges or getting impeached?  Other than Fox news, there have been few positive anything about him, his administration, or his leadership. 


$C: Why wasn't this news earlier?
$C: This better be true or this is extremely irresponsible reporting. 

$C: Why would this be highly classified? I think the American people have right to know this
$C: All right before I was like he couldn't help the tampering but now I'm almost comfortable with the word treason
$C: It’s time to impeach. Now or never.
$C: HAHAHA WHAT
$C: Thankfully
$C: So serious question how likely is it that he wins all over again in this coming election?
$C: The daily we got Donald post...
$C: this can't be life….
$C: The ultimate swindle. 
$C: I wonder how Hilary Clinton responds when she opens reddit. 
$C: So, when are we going to riot in the street for America and burn or slowly roast this guy?     

... I have my pitchfork of Justice ready.
$C: I'm gonna go ahead and guess that this changes nothing. Republicans will continue to just go along. Within a week there will be some other big news story and no one will care about Russia anymore. 
$C: I'm gonna upvote the shit outtta this for awareness.
$C: Both candidates saw that intelligence. That's procedure.
$C: Does this really feel like a surprise? We knew what we got in to.
$C: holy shit, 18 golds in 2 hours.... 

*fuck trump amirite*
$C: This is unbelievable!
$C: You think that he didn't already know?
$C: BUT HER EMAILLLLLSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
$C: Wow the Americans are leaky. 
$C: It’s the Trump Show!!
$C: Nothing will happen 
$C: As an outsider I'm curious. Will this be the time where you actually do something or will it just be more talking?
$C: What a orange twat.
$C: So were the actual election results rigged? I'm highly confused by what people are saying when they say they hacked the election
$C: Remember when James Clapper stated under oath that the NSA didn't collect emails or phone data? I remember. 
$C: Arghhhhhh everyone needs to see this!!!! 
$C: His actions are arguably making him an accessory after the fact since he knew a crime was committed. Just in case he argues that he disagreed with the opinion of his intelligence team, Mueller indicted 12 perpetrators before Helsinki. Now there is no defense. He knows they were under indictment. Anything he does now to aid them or help them avoid prosecution is a felony with no defense. This is significant and will be used in his impeachment. 
$C: *dons tinfoil hat*

I have been watching *The Handmaid's Tale* and pondering what it would take for the America we know to transform into Gilead in its current political climate; I had a couple of thoughts that scared me quite a bit.

The first is Scientology's potential in all this to be pulling even the smallest number of strings. They are the closest comparison to The Sons of Jacob from the story and it wouldn't be at all surprising to know they have been feeding on the destabilization of the country for some time now. And honestly, amid all the controversy, I haven't been reminded of Scientology *more*. Their unnerving nerve, their wretched deceit and their unabashed contempt would fit right in with Trump and his administration. And plus, apparently they're for sale!

The second thought I had: What would be their ticket into a rapid rise to control? Similarly to the Sons of Jacob, strategic violence with a cult-like precision would be the most likely plan. So what could cause mass hysteria and destabilization at a level that such a domino effect could occur?

I sat on this for a while, contemplating every sadistic thing a cult devoid of morality could accomplish. The answer struck me, and it kind of shook me in its simplicity.

If Donald was ever assassinated who would stand to gain from it? Certainly many democrats may breath a sigh of relief, however horrendous the thought is. But the hysteria that would result from that heinous act would create the perfect power vacuum in which the entire country could be reshaped in a matter of months.

It almost seems inevitable to me now after considering it. The conservatives could truly split the entire nation in two with their outcry and suspicions and inability to reconcile...well anything, and I'm not entirely sure anyone would be able to do a damn thing about it.

This show truly did come around at the perfect time, and I desperately hope the outcome is not the same in real life.

[Edit] Also now that I put my thoughts into words I realized that this is basically the plot of Mr Robot, Trump and all. 
$C: This is huge news and I'm happy to see that news is spreading fast (18 gold). People need to know this.
$C: Trump would only have said something of Russia had helped Clinton win, hello?
$C: Remember when Trump came out of that meeting with Obama after his win in the election looking like he'd seen the face of God? Would love to know what Obama said to him. 
$C: Trump said: “Tell me something I don’t know.”
$C: Fascinating article. I was sad it ended.
$C: It's probably because I'm not American that I do not get this or I missed part of the debate: Is there any estimate on how many votes Trump allegedly gained through these incidents? Would it be enough that he could have lost the election?
$C: Everything is lies and subterfuge.
$C: Commenting to stress the obvious importance.
$C: What happened to politics in history that made them so corrupt? 
$C: Trump's excuse will be that he doesn't really pay attention to his daily briefings, I bet.
$C: Hey...BTW, didn’t Russia hack our power grid recently? Did that get resolved? What if this situation hits critical mass(whatever that would be) and boom. Lights out. Good luck organizing anything in the dark. Or am I just being paranoid? 
$C:  mueller please, before he gives alaska back to putin in the name of building friendship.
$C: Holy shit at all these upvotes.
$C: >In July 2017, just after meeting Mr. Putin for the first time, Mr. Trump told a New York Times reporter that the Russian president had made a persuasive case that Moscow’s cyberskills were so good that the government’s hackers would never have been caught. Therefore, Mr. Trump recounted from his conversation with Mr. Putin, Russia must not have been responsible.

I don't even understand the logic behind that one...
$C: Your move, WaPo.
$C: And he talked to Putin in private with no one else in the room...how is this still happening? How has he not been impeached? It still shocks me that this is happening
$C: I hope every single person with the means takes a little road trip to DC this weekend and creates a demonstration the world can be proud of.
$C: Just here for the beginning of the end of all this shit. 
$C: Anyone surprised by this revelation has been in a coma since 11/9/2016.  
$C: Yeah. We all fucking know this. Why is this news? Now if our congress could actually fucking do something about that’d be great
$C: When do you think Trump supporters are going to nilotice that he's a sellout to Russia, what used to be the punching bag of their beloved Ronald Reagan?
$C: Can someone eli5 this for someone who isnt from the states? 
$C: Impeach. 
$C: And then they cry about how the intelligence community hates him. How else are they supposed to feel?
$C: I feel like everyone seems to be ignoring a growing tumor in hopes of it eventually going away.
$C: Why is everyone surprised that he’s refuting all evidence? Of course he and Putin worked together to get Trump elected, what do you honestly expect him to say now that he’s president?
$C: Bro. The username.
Not sure how many people get it. 

But I get it and I love it and I hope that’s enough
$C: Like a drama series writers don't want to end
$C: They were probably probing him at the time.
$C: So many people that are complaining are directly responsible for the situation we are in.

This is what happens when you don’t vote in elections.

2010 mid terms, 2014 mid terms, and 2016 election had TERRIBLE turnouts from the democrats, but angry republicans turned out in droves.

Have people learned their lesson?
$C: How the fuck is this real?!?! 
$C: Any one have any other articals that echo this that doesnt refrence this artical?
$C: Why care when it is in your favour? The times we live in friends.
$C: As citizens, the best thing for us to do is vote, right? But how can we trust the outcome of the midterms? What's stopping further interference? 
$C: Yes

$C: "Oh boy, this guy Putin must have excellent judgment of character as he wanted me to win!"
$C: As big as this news is, I still feel like nothing will come of it. 😕
$C: I can't believe. This is totally fucked up.
$C: The important question is how to prevent this in the future.

$C: Okay now we all have a reason to be mad. Nobody goes and shits on our democracy. 
$C: /r/watchamericadie
$C: So what would happen if there was proof that Trump won the election because of the Russian interference? 

Would he still be impeached and Pence be put in charge, even though the vote itself has been manipulated or is there another possible outcome?

This interests me because I really don't know what would happen if the outcome of the vote would be declared as illegitimate. 
$C: Exactly why he would be bothered when results are swayed to his way of winning elections.
$C: Yep it sucks to be in debt. 
$C: "How else did you think I'd won?"

-Donald J. Trump
$C: Ha, he can’t keep denying it now!*

*he will
$C: Holy shit this is really big. Is it possible in any way for officials to kick him out of presidency?
$C: **Not my President**
$C: Mr musk, make our simulation within a simulation submarine pods already!
$C: u/shesokiedokie
$C: I don't think my heart can take more of this. 
$C: Something crossed my mind when reading this article, in particular the portion about Russia attempting to infect with national power grid with malware.

What's to stop Russia from simply just causing nation-wide blackouts in the US on election day if they succeed in injecting malware into the power grid?  So many polling stations rely on electronic machines either for voting or for checking voter registration.  It'd send the entire country into disarray.

I know that's not the main point of this article, but it just made me think.
$C: A much as I read about Russia and their history of war on the internet, it baffles me that we as Americans still doubt the fact that Russia is using social media and internet to control us and divide us.  It's not an opinion it's a fact.
$C: Okay but what about us? When do WE ser the proof?
$C: "Phew, it worked"
$C: I may be an iditiot, but if it is highly classified info why do we know that Trump saw it?
$C: "Three weeks prior to the election Trump renounced his citizenship and entered a blood pact with Putin on a Russian reality show." - Tomorrow's news probably.
$C: What in the actual fuck, man. 

There are no words for this anymore. Even sadder is the fact that nothing is going to happen. Nothing will come of this. 

Start registering to vote if you haven't already. 2020 can't get here soon enough...
$C: I remember being in school learning about WW2 in the late nineties. I was always perplexed at how apathetic the greater public seemed to be but explained it away as just people of a different era. But now, with all of our world changing technology, relative abundance and wealth, knowledge and lessons learned we are sitting back and letting something similar (if not worse) happen again, in front of our own eyes. We need to wake up and get back to normal, professional world affairs and diplomacy. 
 

$C: I hope we can get this above "Pride and Accomplishment", although, that's probably exactly what donny is feeling right now.
$C: So... is this going to be just like the Access Hollywood, aka “grab them by the pussy” tape? When even Republican senators/congressmen call him out and then nothing comes of it? Because nobody wants to upset his base, you know, the ones who don’t care what he does as long as it creates liberal tears?

Imagine the outrage if we replace Trump with Obama or Clinton? There would be so many tiki torches in our streets... We have been in the Twilight Zone for the past couple years. This is the new normal. 
$C: He'll take the hacking seriously when it suits him. He'll blame Democrats for making the voting machines insecure, so why even have a dishonest election when you know it's all hacked and phony? No, better to skip an election while we strengthen American democracy against external threats.
$C: When can we the public finally see it?
$C: 36 golds, is that the most ever?
$C: Yeah but it effected him for the better in his mind so he's cool with it.
$C: 36 fucking gold wtf
$C: Imagine he would have disclosed it to the public

He would have been a hero
$C: So who the fuck am I supposed to vote for next election? I hate bipartisanship 😩
$C: The reality is that these are the death rattles of people who are waking up the the FACT they ARE going to lose their life’s work.
The victims are deserving of much worse.
Entertaining to see how far they’ll go to dodge it.
It’s like they are half a mile under water and just realising the tanks empty.
Mad thrashing to the surface is the constant propaganda posted on social media.
Their budget is akin to oxygen levels in the brain.
The waters the truth but it’s not gonna kill ya.

$C: Can someome who voted describe what they used to vote? A tablet?  In the UK we still use paper and manual counting for this very reason!
$C: I heard comments on how Putin has eliminated Rothschild presence in Russia by Nationalizing the Russian centralized banks, banned GMOs and created a currency that competes with the dollar. Are any of these valid? I'm in bed and about to go night night...

I don't feel like I know enough about politics to really grasp what the hell is going on. All I read are the headlines honestly and to be quite frank I'm trying to not let it scare me. Are in we CWW?(Cyber World War) 

Save me jeebus
$C: The article wasn’t clear on how we know this information. Was there a recent release of documents? Or is this just common knowledge I’m missing?
$C: As we’ve been saying this whole fucking time, ORANGE MAN BAD! Didn’t believe us? Deal with the consequences.
$C: Politicians are just like bastard childrens. Just always raising hell
$C: Remember the specifics of these lies when reelection comes around, you're going to need to fight hard! 
$C: What a gong show. Incredible. 
$C: Enjoy your thirty seven months of gold
$C: In July 2017, just after meeting Mr. Putin for the first time, Mr. Trump told a New York Times reporter that the Russian president had made a persuasive case that Moscow’s cyberskills were so good that the government’s hackers would never have been caught. Therefore, Mr. Trump recounted from his conversation with Mr. Putin, Russia must not have been responsible.

Since then, Mr. Trump has routinely disparaged the intelligence about the Russian election interference. Under public pressure — as he was after his statements in Helsinki on Monday — he has periodically retreated. But even then, he has expressed confidence in his intelligence briefers, not in the content of their findings.

That is what happened again this week, twice.

Mr. Trump’s statement in Helsinki led Mr. Coats to reaffirm, in a statement he deliberately did not get cleared at the White House, that American intelligence agencies had no doubt that Russia was behind the 2016 hack.

That contributed to Mr. Trump’s decision on Tuesday to say that he had misspoken one word, and that he did believe Russia had interfered — although he also veered off script to declare: “Could be other people also. A lot of people out there.”

--the President of the United States
$C: The election that he just won, now - I wonder why he doesn't seem to care?
$C: Eli5

Wat does this mean 
$C: And that would've been illegal.
$C: Trump; “No Pics? Didn’t happen!”
$C: I know this is off topic but damn, that's a lot of Reddit gold. 
$C: I really hope atleast 1 ally of his stands up and says something against him because this is getting out of hand. 
$C: And how did that work out? Oh yeah, more people voted for Hillary Clinton than for Donald Trump. Good job there, Vlad.
$C: Nice to be able to take a break from face palming about Brexit and look to the USA for a bit..!
$C: Holy batballs....

Gilded 36x
$C: So, how exactly is this not enough evidence to impeach him? It all seems like overwhelming evidence, but I don't know how it all would hold up in court.
$C: Subjects can’t be convicted easily without names but news-consuming curious people can be convinced of an opinion surely. It is possible. This will come down to a political fight so opinions matter. Many accept anecdotal evidence as guiding for example. Personally, I don’t give much weight to anecdotal arguments but it is what it is. If this kind of presentation came from a small unknown paper, tabloid or conspiracy theorist it would it carry any weight but the NYT is an institution built on credibility and that has real value. Their credibility is their currency and they don’t spend it lightly. 
Keep this in mind. People commenting on private or confidential (not in the legal liability sense),who are in positions of authority are likely prohibited from speaking publicly. I’m sure they will write books about this later.

I’ll check out that WW2 stuff. It is in my interest zone for sure. Occam’s Razor doesn’t apply as well If one party is intentionally creating convolution as a strat. Not to sound conspiratorial but that is hardly beyond Russian ability.
$C: i mean, what the fuck ?
$C: The worst thing is you can't actually do anything about the situation. You guys don't have any power to remove Trump from the throne just like we can't remove Putin.

Democracy, right?
$C: Your eyes a sleepy.
$C: I find it funny we can talk about it the whole time and nothing actually happens.If your going to save the world and be a man of legends.Just do it.  r/StarFleet2018
$C: [deleted]
$C: I mean... it details the specific meeting in James Comey's book. It wasnt some sort of big secret.
$C: "And in today's episode of Celebrity President..."
$C: And so it begins...  

        
$C: Jesus fucking Christ, 41 gold.
$C: I’d be very worried that Trump knew the name of that secret source close to Putin. I hope he didn’t because you can expect him to have told Vlad it. RIP secret source. 
$C: what a shit show
$C: Uhh what?
$C: Someone needs to let me know when the revolt is starting so I can find my musket
$C: He just wanted to prove that he could still win even though Hillary was getting help from the Russians. 
$C: Russian collusion act II 
$C: Not an American and I don't claim to be as incredibly well informed as others, but US politics seems so much like a TV show with a script that is unaffected by the public that nothing seems to matter anymore. 

Stay tuned for the next episode where we revert all consequences and character development!
$C: That's a lot of gold!!!
$C: "I thought they said Putin 'did not' order cyber attacks to sway the election."
$C: Trump was quoted as saying: “well as long as it’s in my favor I’m ok with it.”
$C: HOLY SHIT, 45 GOLDS?! GIMMIE SOMMA DAT ACTION
$C: Welp
$C: It seems a lot of this news has been blowing over for a while, what's the chances this will as well? Or am I wrong in saying previous articles have blown over?
$C: >In July 2017, just after meeting Mr. Putin for the first time, Mr. Trump told a New York Times reporter that the Russian president had made a persuasive case that Moscow’s cyberskills were so good that the government’s hackers would never have been caught. Therefore, Mr. Trump recounted from his conversation with Mr. Putin, Russia must not have been responsible.

Surreal.  It can't have been them because we caught them, and they are too good to get caught.
$C: Economically no, but their military could still roll over (literally) any other country on this planet except China. Sounds like a super power to me 
$C: Can America ever recover from this? What are the consequences 10-20 years from now?
$C: 


2a2a33
$C: Is this the kind of news that Trump calls fake?
$C: [Hmmm hopefully for real this time](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/676/0*kiuNrMXl3aw0Dwz6.)
$C: !RemindMe 1 Month
$C: All that talk about people planning to move to Canada (or elsewhere) if Trump won the election. Becomes more believable every single day since he started.
$C: How? Why? What?
$C: x55 gilds and 11k comments in 6 hours, wtf
$C: But why would he ruin the wheat industry?
$C: 55 gold. My god
$C: Weo
$C: 57 gold in 6 hours? Holy shit!
$C: Did they sway it this way becauuuuuuse trump is stupid and they wanted america to chew its own ass?
$C: The fuck did he do to Murdoch for this to come out...
$C: Can you imagine?

"Putin, you interfered with the election."

"Nope" *winks* "mr president"
$C: Did y’all see the part abt hackers targeting American electrical systems??? It’s probably a coincidence but it makes a small part of me wonder about when the lights just went out all of a sudden during the “would/wouldn’t” backtrack Trump gave. 
$C: What a great week in news
$C: This post is so golden that even Trump might upvote it.
$C: u know what the US government will do with this information?  Absolutely nothing.  US Government is corrupt as fk. 
$C: That's a lot of gold!
$C: In his defense, he thought ordered meant didn't order, and he needed clarification 
$C: It's like the first time I heard the Beatles..
$C: https://youtu.be/YnY4HyofnoU
$C: Karma?
$C: So,what now?
$C: > [The intelligence] included stolen emails from the Democratic National Committee that had been seen in Russian military intelligence networks by the British, Dutch and American intelligence services. Officers of the Russian intelligence agency formerly known as the G.R.U. had plotted with groups like WikiLeaks on how to release the email stash.

So not only did President Dipshit knowingly proceed with the election following these briefs, but the *fucking MINIONS* were involved? WHEN DOES THIS END?!


$C: Can someone explain to me what happened? 
$C: Why did they come out with this now?
$C: This has to be it. 
$C: Oh my God! — it's full of stars!
$C: 61 golds, this thing must be pretty important
$C: I love how this is nowhere to be found on r/news.
$C: "wait a minute.. I misspoke. I meant to tweet there was no NO collusion. One word."
$C: So that's where Putin's from.
$C: When I saw this was well past the 10k comment mark, I knew this was gonna be good.
$C: He must have thought it said Putin'nt.
$C: Good luck America. 
$C: This is some of the most gold I've ever seen in a thread, ever.
$C: Jesus, that's more than five years of gold!
$C: Yes you’re right. But this means they were over confident they can not be hacked, they hoped to help them by finding dirt on the other guys or let it be and blame the new guy. Either way was a bad decision 
$C: So what happens now
$C: Was he cleared for the classified information? 
$C: :l
$C: Damn that's a lot of gold. 
$C: <slow Clapper>
$C: The only thing more disruptive than the current administration will be cleaning up *after* the current administration.
$C: traitor tRump and his voters will only die off.  They'll never admit their ignorance because it's so embarrassingly dumb.
$C: So that’s it right? This is the straw that breaks the camels back right? Or are we just gonna let this crazy train keep rolling?
$C: I don’t know much about these things but if it is proven that there was skullduggery causing influence in the result of an election, shouldn’t there be a new election?
$C: If they know he did all of this...why can’t they do anything?


$C: On a side note, what perks come with 64 gold stars?
$C: As is the king, so is the public. Translating from another language.
Meaning as the king behaves and conducts, general public follows suit.
I hope american general public will foresee what is in future them.
If this is not the saturation then what is?
$C: Shot in foot this time. Who will pay up?
$C: The funny thing is while they are extremely capable, they're also sloppy with their Opsec.
The Dutch compromised the GRU cyber unit and have video of their attack on the DNC. 

[Ars Technica article](https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2018/01/dutch-intelligence-hacked-video-cameras-in-office-of-russians-who-hacked-dnc/)

$C: Was about to comment "64 golds???" and by the time I've typed this it's already 66.  Good to see posts like this being rewarded.
$C: The New American National Anthem = https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WBOD8qeCBuc
$C: No but he asked Putin and he said he didn't do it.
$C: OP, will you Scrooge McDuck all of that gold?
$C: Holy shit 67 gold for that.
$C: It's interesting, the part about why they think he is so heasitant to admit the election interference took place.  From what I had gleaned so far, Trump's foreign policy has been to treat countries as he would a corporation - your friends are potential enemies and your enemies are potential friends.  Thus, he goes out of his way to try and befriend some of the countries that are unilaterally the most aggressive against us, such as NK and Russia.
  
It says that Trump doesn't want to risk anything that could possibly challenge his legitimacy, and this makes sense, too.  It would make sense why this is basically the only issue that he denies both in front of, and away from cameras, even when it wouldn't damage relations with Russia.
  
Amusingly enough, this is the one issue that people who are pro-Trump (but not specifically pro-Republican) are willing to admit Trump has really made a mess of.  Often with his most fervent followers, Trump can "do no wrong" but the majority of them weren't happy about how badly he flopped the meeting with Putin.  
$C: 67 Gold.  


This post just balanced the Reddit budget
$C: Trump is confused logical positivist.
$C: With this Puerto Rico SUV mess Trump's gotta be the most luckiest guy to walk this planet these coincidences and distractions fall to his lap
$C: Holy fuck I've never seen so much gold in one place.
$C: This is what happens when you prostrate yourself to an enemy at the expense of the deep state(our intelligence community).
$C: The current politicians, lobbying parties and international organizations have too much to gain by keeping Trump in power. Sure, the country may be on fire, but these people are making enough money to have options. Their homes won’t burn, and even if they did, they’ll have other homes. 

I would also argue that voting didn’t seem to help us last time. If the article and implications are true, then the actions of Congress blocking funding to voting security tells us all we need to know: 

They want elections to be purchasable. 
$C: He prolly made that dumb face he makes and said **Whaaaaaaaaaa?** at that meeting. Then blamed Hillary.

$C: Uh.  Russia is hacking our power grid?  Maybe we should all get those house batteries and solar panels that Elon Musk's company makes.
$C: If we had a president with some balls we would kidnap one of the hackers to prosecute. 
$C: [removed]
$C: I thought this was out for way longer. Was it all just a runour until now?
$C: So if they are doing this to the US, who's to say they are not also doing this to Canada and other places in the world? Did they hack the Ontario election to elect Ford?
$C: Me too, America won’t survive without it 
$C: Gold for life brah
$C: NO U
$C: What I meant to say was no 'doubt about my' collusion. 
It's kinda like a legal negative. this one time, I have an ex wife, great jeans. I've always said baseball, great, porn too, and oh, the chemtrails. I've seen the best chem... bigfoot saw it too. I said, hey, squatch, I called him squatch because crooked Hillary stole the number 20. Can you imagine if I ran as wiz khalifa, they'd call me the grand wizard...
$C: So will he get impeached then? 
$C: Love, love love seeing this and the 'google traitor' posts as the top upvoted content. Keep it coming!
$C: I fucking knew it
$C: In the end we can still blame the DNC for this to happen.
$C: kek
$C: And he responded.. Lol I know
$C: You mean when he wasn't the president yet and had no political power? Dude it's gg
$C: And?
$C: This seems like kind of a big deal.
$C: Just impeach the  asshole already 
$C: I can't believe this is actually happening...wake me up when it's over.
$C: Withholding information from the public is the name of the game sometimes... The collusion was with Hillary and the DNC if he would have brought those findings to light immediately the public would not have received them at all... He played it close to his chest and all will soon come to light as you can see from recent Yahoo article that the Russians were working with the DNC. Obama was spying on the Trump campaign. And the FBI and the doj were untrustworthy at the time... How could you bring all that truth out when the people who would be doing the investigating were all in on it?

One last question for you... Who briefed him?

$C: Alexa, play despacito.
$C: What we are now doing with computers and networks will make the Spanish
Inquisition looks like not much of anything.
$C: Bush(right) was doing all kinds of shit huh
$C:  If anyone thinks for a second that Putin, with complete confidence that he wouldn't get caught, wouldn't penetrate America's cyber defenses then they need to seriously examine their logic. 
$C: I'm sure the news was unsurprising.

$C: ORANG MAN BAAAD IMPEECH
$C: ,,,,,,,,,
$C: So has anything else come of this, or..? 
$C: Nothing happened of course LOL
$C: Blah blah blah 
$C: What exactly were these "cyberattacks" and how did they "sway the election"?
$C: -	why the hell would you show it to him, he's the one they were helping? oh, he's the president now. welp, than we're fucked.
$C: Can someone please explain to me why he isn't being impeached then? I mean it just seems so much worse than what Nixon and Clinton did. I'm so confused. 
$C: weekly "rushha hacked election guys!!!!! breaking news!!!!!!!!" thread 

i swear i see this shit all the time and still absolutely nothing has happened
$C: So why didn’t The Obama Administration  do anything about it? Since it happened before Trump took office? Also, why wasn’t Putin one of the 12 that were indicted last week if he was guilty? #PoliticalTheatre
$C: SOOOOO what about this??

“Republicans on the House Intelligence Committee reached the opposite conclusion Monday from the intelligence community they oversee, announcing that Russian President Vladimir Putin was not trying to help Donald Trump win the 2016 election.

The Republicans also said they found no evidence that the Trump campaign colluded with Russia and that they are shutting down their yearlong investigation”

Some 128 days ago or so


https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/83z7d9/megathread_house_intelligence_committee_ends/?st=JJS3NHMV&sh=3f95e447
$C: You know that the Obama administration meddled with the Israeli elections? They unsuccessfully tried to prevent Netenyahus election and it led to very strained relationships with this important ally.
 
Everyone meddles all the time, and all of you people on this Russophobia-train are being incredibly myopic and uninformed. 
$C: “The Democratic Party, after accusing Trump of not being able to accept a loss in the election, continue to not accept their loss in the election”

18 gold, stay classy Reddit

Edit: 71 gold!  Ya’ll have a lot of money to waste
$C: By complex cyberattacks, do you mean the one phishing email that exposed Podesta's email communication?
$C: "Highly classified" - on reddit less than 2 years later...
$C: I see Trump Derangement Syndrome everywhere
$C: If you think these top world players, operating invisibly in plain sight, aren’t controlling 99% of the information we see you need to think about that a little harder. Don’t be so arrogant to think us proles know anything of the truth. What you’re seeing now is one cabal losing its stronghold to another. All you have to do is look at a little history to see this.

“There’s a war on for your mind” is happening now and has been happening for decades. There are two or more factions fighting for control of public opinion and none of them have our best interest in mind. Why do they want control of our opinion? Because we have the GD Power. If you’re tired of every GD election being bought by one side and voting machines tampered with by the other, shady hand shake deals in the shadows, dirty pedopoliticians making the laws and being paid a huge salaries for life then we are going to have to go to war on our own terms. Their current weapon against us is a powerful one, apathy. We know something is wrong, we all feel it yet all of us wait around for someone else to do something. We meme and complain about the other party because it keeps us feeling like we are doing something. Well we are doing something, we are fighting their war for them by dividing ourselves to the point that one side holds the other down so that no one actually does anything. 

If we want real change, we have to make it. Stop blaming the other side. The first step to winning this war is everyone playing for the same team, ourselves. I guarantee you that the minute this happens we will have hit the panic button at the top.

Combine and Conquer 
$C: No one denies Russian propaganda being in the election. This has been a norm since the end of WW2.

What people denie is the "trump worked with putin narrative," and the narrative that "trump would have lost if putin didn't do this."

Russian propaganda did not change the outcome of the election. Hillary loses no matter what, she was a terrible candidate. The DNC represents all the worst parts of the political establishment as well. 
$C: 72 gold, and 174k up? What the hell is this? Is Soros making a comeback? Or is Spez "joking" again?

Because that many can't seriously take this joke of an article seriously. They have constantly lied, and they back this one up with the pissgate lies. 

Just look at their almost angry attempts of attention by the use of "Mr.". It's like children writing a blog. 

What's going on?
$C: Ah yes, as predicted the shills will come. Nothing burger like always,  remember kids, the media manipulates you, and try to divide us.

This shit show happens so often its boring, nothing will come of it.
$C: I mean. This is why we have guns.. right?
$C: [deleted]
$C: If we are SOOO concerned bout foreign meddling in our elections, why dont we make it so that illegal foriengers cant vote, and install a voter ID system?
$C: So lemme get this straight. Russia hacked the DNCs servers to reveal emails that the DNC received/sent revealing how they tried to rig the election? 

Thanks, I guess, Russia.

Edit: Don't disagree with the hive mind I guess. 
$C: [removed]
$C: That's right folks, the 2016 election is null and void. The temper tantrum continues.

Yet another sensationalist headline. "Complex cyber attacks"? No machines were hacked, no votes changed. The only evidence we have is that the Russians meddled in our election to sow discord, something the Chinese have also done and something that is fairly common.

To date, the only meddling we have proof of is some online ads and facebook memes. Far short of "ORANGE MAN COLLUDE" or "swayed the election", but have at it 
$C: Russia didn't get me to vote for Trump, Hillary Clinton did that herself.
$C: How does a cyberattack sway an election unless its targeting a voting machine? It's almost impossible to tell what impact any Russian interference had in the election, and obviously Trump wants to downplay any possible impact as it would give his administration less legitimacy in the eyes of many voters.
$C: And obama was shown it as well in September.   He told his department to stand down.


$C: Everybody knows that Russians helped Trump win election that’s why he doesn’t want to addmit that Kremlin helped him win his election. Clinton had 3 million more popular votes come on are you shitting me.The corrupt business is just making his family rich and himself, but while destroying our democracy and making us poorer. That mother fucker should be impeached plain and simple, that fucking creep should be put in jail for being a traitor.
$C: How do you get highly classified information shown to you, before entering a position of power?(actual question)
$C: So many upvotes and guilds. Everyone feels like this is something special or some sort of turning point, but the reality is nothing is going to change.
$C: Yes, the Russians swayed the entire election with a small amount of crappy Facebook ads and revealing truthful emails hacked from the DNC
$C: [deleted]
$C: So why didn't Obama do anything about it until *after* the election? Why was Trump shown these briefings when he wasn't even president?
$C: Yeah I’m all for people calling the president out for his mistakes but I’m gonna call bullshit on this article. How did the N.Y. times manage get ahold of the information that he was shown “highly classified intelligence”? they just happen to be holding top secret clearances? 

Pretty much click bait cause they have no fucking clue what he was shown.




$C: The ongoing trend is that nothing will happen and everyone bang on their keyboards with such passion and purpose.....and that’s about that isn’t it? 

Something something the meek shall inherit the earth 

Good luck with that 
$C: The landscape of what it means to be president of the United States has changed.
$C: So the President of the United States of America has been involved in the obstruction of Justice for going on two years now. 
$C: What a sad sad little man
$C: [deleted]
$C: Let's be real, none of it matters at this point. Nothing will happen or ever come of it from a government stand point. Every single day there is some news that would have sank any previous president but now all that matters to the GOP is being in power and getting their way. They need Trump and his voters for that to keep happening. The only thing to be done is vote. And even that might not be enough given Russia. I'd like to hope our country won't let somebody make themselves dictator. I'm guessing we'll find out soon enough.
$C: "It could be anybody, it could be russia but it could be anybody" Fucking tool need to burn
$C: All this information is well and good, but when is something actually going to be done about this megalomaniac?
$C: Manchurian candidate, this dude.
$C: Torches and pitchforks anyone? 
$C: How is this dude still in office?
$C: The USA is sick, we need new leadership that recognize the reality of today, fuck trump and his sympathizers 
$C: Lmfao but blamed Obama for not doing anything? Really dude. Suck a chode trump. Fucking lying sack of shit
$C: Disgusting. I'm on my fuck Donald Trump shit today and always.
$C: It's funny how I never really considered myself a gung-ho pro-America this-is-my-goddamned-fucking-country type of patriot because I was always skeptical of our government and leaders and saw them fail over and over at doing what was best and right for America, but now that it is genuinely under threat in a significant existential way, I'm a full on fucking gung-ho pro-America this-is-my-goddamned-fucking-country type of patriot.

Trump has full on outed himself on the world stage as clearly anti-American and in favor of our enemy Russia instead. This one *finally* seems different. We'll see if it goes anywhere, but this one certainly feels stickier than all his past "scandals."
$C: I’m starting to think this Donald Trump guy isn’t being completely honest.
$C: The smoking gun!!
$C: Get out and VOTE!
$C: 40k upvotes and 9 gold in an hour at midnight on a Wednesday? I guess this is big news.
$C: For all Americans here calling for Trump to be impeached, that is not going to happen. It is simply not going to happen as long as Republicans control Congress. Even though some Republican members of Congress find Trump distasteful and maybe even rise to the point of criticizing his relationship with Putin, the fact remains that he enables their agenda of cutting taxes for the wealthy, unraveling environmental, consumer protection, and public health regulations, and eliminating abortion rights. The only way to stop this is to go out and vote and getting your family and friends to vote. If the election turnout in November is abysmal as it was in 2016, Congress will remain in Republican control and Trump will remain in power.
$C: Say it with me folks, T R A I T O R
$C: 

This is it- we're done with this shit stain now.

 It has to be over now 
$C: If this isn’t the tipping point, there is no tipping point
$C: The feeling of living in a black mirror episode.
$C: Please let this all be over soon
$C: Let’s ignore the Democratic nomination “election” of Hillary over Bernie Sanders right? I mean we care about election meddling don’t we...
$C: Serious question, at what point do we start rioting? 
$C: Just a reminder that the "Failing New York Times" stock price has doubled in the past 2 years
$C: Hi all, outsider from Australia here so I'm not as informed as most. I just want to clarify what the Cyber attacks we're? Did they literally change the votes counted? Did they make some votes not register? I can't for the life of me find out what they did. 

I'm basically asking for you to explain it like I'm five.
$C: Is high treason punishable with death ?
$C: If Donald was told 14 days prior to inauguration, then how long did Obama know about it? 
$C: Can someone explain what exactly he did? I mean he didnt hack people's brains to vote for trump. Was it an ad-campaign? Or spreading information favoring trump in some other way?
$C: Prediction: Nothing. No amount of evidence will do a thing to prevent a Trump victory in 2020. Politics is not going to change overnight.
$C: This information is contextualised with false accusations and the people say that this interpretation proves the false accusations.
$C: "... but Hillary's emails were way worse, right?" -Republicans, probably 
$C: This is not the same as collusion though right?
$C: 37 gold ._.

Can I have some too XD
$C: All Trump has to say and likely will say is "failing New York Times is spreading Fake News" and that's all his base needs. 

Since the start of his presidency he's been saying any negative coverage of him was fake  and they believe him 
$C: Wake me up when this nightmare is over and he's gone.
$C: Why and how does this article differ from all the preceding articles regarding this very same subject? 

There were countless articles claiming that there was CIA evidence on Russian meddling in the US elections. Do not get me wrong, I'm glad this is big news. Yet I don't see why this article is somehow a watershed, while others were not, because I think this should have a happened a long time ago. 
$C: Media spins are useful for sure. I’m just confused how our media can “emphasize anything that could be construed as negative” against Trump all day long and you think nothing of it. Name one time any useful information from these “hacks” was all over a major news outlet swaying the American people’s minds. It never was. But apparently the media army in this country banded together against Trump is no match for  some emails and some memes created by some Russians. Do you realize how ridiculous that sounds?
$C: I am really excited to see as absolutely nothing happens.
$C: 50 gold lol relax. 
$C: The voting here seems incredibly organic and natural. 
$C: Please tell me the jig is up now
$C: I'm not saying this isn't true, but is there any actual source for this article? From what I've read I haven't found one.
$C: If the us government knew about it in advance, why the fuck was action not taken? Why is this just now surfacing. I’m legitimately curious. 

It seems there’s an underlying issue other than Trump being in office, with the US government as a whole. 

Apparently had proof of Russian meddling, and still allowed the election to go on as normal. Pretty stupid decision. 

With this, it’s deeper, to the point of being a bipartisan issue, past the point of just shifting blame to each other. 
$C: I'm a busy student.  But you better believe I'll be voting in November along with all the friends I can bring with me. 

Change starts this fall, friends. May history view us as heroes.
$C: So, if I can sum it up into laymen's terms here, Trump:

1. Knew about the hacking and targeting of US based cyber assets to help him secure the Presidency as his presence in the oval would be easier for Putin to push his agenda (Clinton being a foe clearly)
2. When presented with the evidence during his President-elect period, he "sounded grudgingly convinced, according to several people who attended the intelligence briefing. But ever since, Mr. Trump has tried to cloud the very clear findings that he received on Jan. 6, 2017, which his own intelligence leaders have unanimously endorsed."
3. He continues to try to change the narrative by disparaging his own intelligence community and siding with Russia because if the real truth came out, it would call the legitimacy of his Presidency into question. 

If this is the level of detail coming out behind the scenes, it makes you wonder what Putin and Russia have on him to make him a pawn in their chess game. 

$C: American news are like cheap tv shows now. Daily some cheap twist to story. We all know the end but still glued to the tv waiting for another twist.
$C: Id like to point out, that though Trump is ridiculous human being and President, if he gets removed from office, we get President Pence. Pence is not ridiculous, he's a MONSTER
$C: With our society being entertained by the “federal government reality show” has anyone’s communities made their schools any safer this summer? The next school shooter is out there waiting for their moment in the spot light! 
$C: The shit is starting to hit the fan
$C: I just wish all those countries where USA has influenced the election and knocking off of governments were as critical of foreign interference.
$C: Any sources in the article? 
$C: does anyone know what the current odds of this dotard getting re-elected? Also, are there any strong republican contenders who could challenge him? I would rather a democratic win, but so far i don't see a clear challenger that the D's could start rallying around. We are almost end of 2018 so even though maybe traditonally early, i think organizing needs to start at least.. 

And for the love of all that's holy, i hope that the democrats will come out and vote during the mid-term elections so that at least one of the congressional houses can serve as a check to this horror show of a president. 
$C: Specifically, what are "complex cyber attacks"? 
I'm sure everyone in this sub has full understanding. I, however, have no idea whatsoever.
$C: Why then has this appeared just now, nearly 2 years AFTER the election? This is pathetic. World news, or world liberals? I mean honestly, he's not going to get impeached. Even liberals would admit that you're not convincing anyone who isn't, and anyone who already is. This is subreddit is among the most worthless subreddits of them all.
$C: Super. Fake. News. Reddit has lost its mind. Trump is winning. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: Spin the excuse rolodex, see what we come up with this time.
$C: I've seen so much of this Trump collusion stuff... I don't deny the evidence, but the news market has been flooded with constant drips of updates. At a certain point you just become numb to it.

I should be outraged, but I'm just fatigued.
$C: How is this not news on every station across America?! Wouldn’t the American public be a little interested in the truths and lies of their President?
$C: Huh, but he just flat out denied it. Weird. Almost like he's hiding something.
$C: The drama here...
$C: [deleted]
$C: Can we just kick this fucker off the chart? What will it take for us to have him resigned?
$C: I don't think this trump guy is very cool at all.
$C: Like a dog chasing it's tail , dopey media hahahahahaha
$C: So who is ready to take this off Reddit and to the streets? Because until that happens, congress isn’t going to do fuck all.
$C: And the sitting President did what? 
$C: Makes sense since trump is a Russian spy. 
$C: What is it going to take for you people?
$C: Can we start impeachment proceedings? When and how?
$C: Holy shit. 
$C: Time to Impeach the Carrot.
$C: This is just gonna get swept under the rug
$C: Donald Trump is guilty of **high treason**, among other crimes.
$C: So realistically, with everything we have out now in addition to this new information, what are the odds that Trump either resigns, gets impeached, etc.?
$C: Not surprised.  What truly gets me is knowing it doesn’t matter if he’s impeached or not re-elected, he and his family walk away with millions from the deals leveraged as POTUS.
$C: The Russians are messing with our power grid, and Trump is siding with Putin just to try to save face. If that’s not perfect evidence that he is not fit to be president, I can’t think of any other reason.

And these past months have me feeling helpless. I have absolutely no confidence in Congress to do anything about it.
$C: I remember during the election period thinking that Russian infiltration sounded totally ludicrous, and now we're at a point where it's basically confirmed as fact. Crazy to think how much Trump's volatility has widened us up to what we accept as plausible.
$C: Perfect way to destroy a giant, kill it from the inside. 
$C: The Republicans are enabling the Presidential treason because their base is getting their fanatical gifts:  tax cuts for the affluent, no abortion for the evangelicals, more guns for the NRA, more coal for the climate deniers, and immigration for the cult who fear diversity. Now, if Russia changes the midterm votes to prevent a Trump cleansing, Putin and he will be co-presidents and democracy will be gone.  It's about the party, not the country.  The Republican party has become a co-conspirator.
$C: He will still stay president though... The man is untouchable 
$C: The thing that blows my mind is how Bill Clinton can be impeached (**but not convicted**) because he said [those infamous nine words](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=VBe_guezGGc) in a deposition, yet the bad orange man has denied meddling, lied about Russian interaction repeatedly, has an abnormally large number of people who were directly involved in his campaign be implicated in activities which are somehow not treasonous.

I don't understand how this has gone on for so long like it has.

I don't understand how once closeted racists can be wilfully ignorant of his actions.

I don't understand how the manufacturing industries still believe he is saving jobs, despite showing complete disregarded for the workers and entire supply chain made up of American workers that permit a foreign automaker (BMW) to be the [largest auto exporter in the U.S.](https://automotivelogistics.media/news/bmw-spartanburg-remains-top-us-car-exporter). In fact, he risks everything with the protectionism tariffs that have caused other countries to retaliate and effectively pass costs on to the consumer.

And if all of that wasn't enough, [the timeline of events surrounding him](https://investigaterussia.org/timelines/everything-we-know-about-russia-and-president-trump) give little doubt that any of this is just coincidence.


$C: Here what I don’t understand, is that how are we letting this bias run rampant? So Russia meddled in the election. And? So did Ukraine, as stated by Ukraine, to help sway the election for Hillary. Hillary referenced a Russian involvement with the Wikileaks dump, and she seemed far more concerned people were learning the truth than the fact she was crooked as shit. All i see is a bunch of bitches whining because Hillary lost. If that weren’t the case they would have jumped on the Ukraine issue. Besides, who cares if Russia tried to influence, as the US has literally removed and replaced entire governments before. It’s irrelevant to me if Russia showed the Democrats true colors. What would be relevant would be if Russia actively affected voting with Cyber attacks and manipulated the votes. Then I will care. Otherwise they did nothing anymore different than the mud slinging candidates already do against each other. 
$C: Impeachment is too good for this piece of shit traitor and derision is too good for his piece of shit fans.
$C: People knew Russia tried to interfere since Obama this is not new news 
$C: Again it was 300 people targeted, nothing they did could sway a god damn thing. 

You guys are worse than the birthers when they were grasping at straws. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: HOW IS HE NOT IMPEACHED YET! 
$C: I mean, this is probably true. But the authors provide zero evidence of anything. Seems something this heavy should be accompanied by sources or documentation or anything of that nature?
$C: Did Russia also pay for the millions of dollars in free advertising news agencies gave Trump by talking about him none stop while ignoring the other candidates?
$C: Not trying to troll, but I'd honestly like to know why this is *just* now coming out?

I can understand distancing the spacing of release of vital info to protect the leaker, but 2 years seems like a lot.
$C: I hope that he sleeps well knowing that the American people are on to him. He’s gonna need it.
$C: Nothing is going to happen. His supporters won't believe it and his detractors will rail against him.

Until the GOP lead congress decides to act or the makeup of Congress changes enough in November, the nation is held hostage by one party.

It's become a sad state of affairs when our elected officials are putting party against the best interests of the nation and its people.

Now, from these comments I may be branded a liberal, but I've voted for candidates from both parties. And let's be real, Democrats screwed up last election by force feeding us a polarizing candidate which didn't sit well with much of the American people. So they are to blame as well.

Republicans, Democrats get your acts together. 
$C: And yet it’s been two years and we still don’t have anything to show for it. I’m not sure if it’s because of inaction or pointing to our own legal system not taking issues believed to be this serious immediately.
$C: Social media ruined this country. Echo chambers amplify hatred. You've become the people you hate by projecting the same binary hatred that you say you are against. How tragic.
$C: Holy 🅱️rap
edit: this guy hit upvote and gold gold. Prob gonna hit all time
$C: How many times is Trump going to change his status on Russia? He welcomed Putin and then he condemns him
$C: Anybody else find it suspicious that you can't pull this article up on Google? I copied and pasted the title and only came up with copied versions, not the original one. Couldn't even find it on the New York Times site. Almost like they don't want us to find it
$C: On January 6th he met with Clapper, Brennan, Comey(all three attack Trump nonstop) and Rogers(the one who told Trump he was being spied on). January 5th, the day before, there was a secret meeting with Obama, Susan Rice covered her behind about this meeting: https://www.wnd.com/2018/02/comey-had-secret-meeting-with-obama-just-before-trump-inauguration/ 
$C: SHOW ME THE EMAILS TRUMP
$C: Can Mr. Rosenberg provide evidence for these claims.
$C: Tre45on
$C: I fear if nothing is done soon, everything america has accomplished and has become since the revolution will be completely and utterly undone.

The audacity that American citizens will sell our country to the highest bider is fucking sickening, may god be with us all.
$C: We all knew this. Did we just forget? Everyone knows he was briefed on everything when entering office, especially Russia. It was in the news when he was making similar statements about Russia meddling before and after his inauguration. 
$C: So, can someone explain to me what makes “this time” so much different from every other “multi gilded reddit post” about something trump has done wrong? 

I just don’t like reading these anymore because I don’t know what line we are waiting to cross when it’s really really bad.

I’m genuinely curious for an answer from someone more politically savvy.
$C: Does this mean collusion?
$C: I miss u/PresidentObama
$C: Why is this still happening? Is there nothing we can do before midterms?
$C: 🤔 https://www.yahoo.com/news/obama-cyber-chief-confirms-stand-order-russian-cyberattacks-summer-2016-204935758.html
$C: This week has been one of the most absurdly important weeks in American history. 
$C: So its treason then?
$C: Sooo what will it take for him to get impeached ?
$C: Was this the same people that had proof that Iraq had WMDs?
$C: So it's either three things:

A) Trump has known for over a year now but doesn't care.

B) Trump is using this knowledge to get some sort of advantage with Putin.

C) Trump has such a terrible brain disease that he does not remember this meeting taking place.

NONE of these options are good any way you shake it.
$C: >In July 2017, just after meeting Mr. Putin for the first time, Mr. Trump told a New York Times reporter that the Russian president had made a persuasive case that Moscow’s cyberskills were so good that the government’s hackers would never have been caught. Therefore, Mr. Trump recounted from his conversation with Mr. Putin, Russia must not have been responsible.

Jesus Christ on a bike. "Oh ho, Mr. Trump, we're so good that you'd never catch us" is not a reason to trust Putin. 
$C: the bots are here
$C: Any congressperson or senator who, after this clear and convincing proof of treason, still chooses to do nothing is just as treasonous as 45 and should be tried as such. 
$C: So...business as usual?
$C: "BUT WHY DINT OBAMER DO SUMTHIN!!!!???"

-Trump, using a poor excuse
$C: So what happens now? They have a re election? 
$C: This is a big deal.  Everything’s been bad, but this one takes the cake (for now).
$C: Don't forget that Robert Mueller probably has had access to all of this classified information. Hence the indictment of 12 Russian intelligence agent, probably the ones mentioned in the article, right before his meeting with Putin. Mueller has been playing 3D chess while Trump has been playing marbles.
$C: At this point it's common knowledge that Trump is a Russian stooge. But what can we really do about it? Short of praying that an investigation yields something prosecutable -- but with a vast plot in effect to obscure the truth, it doesn't seem very hopeful.

Ah, I remember before November 2016, I was so much more optimistic about the trajectory of our world.
$C: Everyday on Reddit we see escalating outrageous behaviour and action by trump. Really sucks knowing that your president is not doing anything for your own country..
$C: What makes it clear to me that Trump is compromised is not just his pro-Russian and pro-Putin agenda. 

It is the fact that he treats Putin 100% the opposite of any other leader. 

He shits on *everyone*, 24-7, even his closest political and GOP allies. 


I mean, take Theresa May: Of all western democratic leaders, she is clearly the one most aligned with Trump’s ideology. She also is anti-immigration, antiEuropean Union etc. and she has never said a bad word about Trump. 


But even with her, *literally while on a trip to visit May*, he does an interview with the Sun in which he spend two solid hours criticizing every thin May has ever done. That’s how he treats the people he *likes*. 


Yet he can’t bring himself to say *one single thing* bad about Putin. 
$C: I’m politically illiterate and usually am too afraid to ask questions but why would russia care if it’s Donald or Hilary? 
$C: Will this actually lead to any significant consequence for him? Seeing all the horrible things he's gotten away with makes me lose faith in justice. I want to see him get indicted, overthrown, jailed, or at least cry until his eyeballs bleed, but the way things have been, it's hard to believe any change will ever happen.
$C: So OP, what will you do with your new found wealth of gold?
$C: Okay, a few things here: 

> Two weeks before his inauguration, Donald J. Trump was shown highly classified intelligence indicating that President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia had personally ordered complex cyberattacks to sway the 2016 American election.

* 1. Why the fuck was this classified? The IC continually fucking hiding these things in the name of security is one of the biggest failures of 2016. 

> But ever since, Mr. Trump has tried to cloud the very clear findings that he received on Jan. 6, 2017, which his own intelligence leaders have unanimously endorsed.

* 2. Why the *fuck* would a president seek to punish people who got him elected, under *any circumstances?!* Why wouldn't he cover for them?!

I know there are historical reasons for both these bad assumptions, but if the USA survives this shit we've got to remember historical reasons are not good enough! *Every single government position* needs to have its duties and responsibilities defined in such a way that the country is resilient to it being compromised by a foreign power, *and* another branch being compromised by it! 

For a philosophical collective of near-anarchists, who just finished overthrowing the current government, the Founding Fathers sure were a bunch of naive motherfuckers when it came to authority. 
$C: So, is there a good chance he gets impeached? I’m uninformed on this, and don’t know how important this is compared to other things he’s been accused of
$C: A man whose entire rise to power was built on nationalism has betrayed his country. The cruel cruel irony.
$C: I’m sitting here like, 34 golds? Holy shit
$C: Can someone ELI5 what this means please? Thanks!
$C: You got 3 years of gold out of this I’ve never been so jealous in my life
$C: This is huge but I don’t see it on Apple news nor Google news’ front page. Hmmmmmmmm..... I wonder why they are still covering the recent meeting with Putin lol. 

Viva Reddit! 
$C: And so it begins 
$C: Lobster 
$C: HEY OP 

 Out of curiosity, how many views has the post had up until now?
$C: 'When governments fear the people, there is liberty. When the people fear the government, there is tyranny. The strongest reason for the people to retain the right to keep and bear arms is, as a last resort, to protect themselves against tyranny in government.'
-Thomas Jefferson
$C: But what did they actually do? The article didn't say.
$C: Obama did nothing about this which occurred on his watch. He gave Rice stand down orders according to his own cyber security team. Brennan did nothing. 

The real issue is the Awan hacking and Spy ring. That’s the real problem. We’ve had a Spy ring tied to the Pakistani ISI operating out of Congress since at least 1998. They’ve got decades of dirt on everyone and run full trafficking ratlines. 
$C: Serious question...

Was anyone personally effected by the Russian meddling?

Did, whatever was done, affect the way you voted?
$C: 44 golds? What is this, Trump Tower?
$C: From the Start, Trump Has Muddied a Clear Message: Putin Interfered

By David E. Sanger and Matthew Rosenberg


July 18, 2018


WASHINGTON — Two weeks before his inauguration, Donald J. Trump was shown highly classified intelligence indicating that President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia had personally ordered complex cyberattacks to sway the 2016 American election.

The evidence included texts and emails from Russian military officers and information gleaned from a top-secret source close to Mr. Putin, who had described to the C.I.A. how the Kremlin decided to execute its campaign of hacking and disinformation.

Mr. Trump sounded grudgingly convinced, according to several people who attended the intelligence briefing. But ever since, Mr. Trump has tried to cloud the very clear findings that he received on Jan. 6, 2017, which his own intelligence leaders have unanimously endorsed.

The shifting narrative underscores the degree to which Mr. Trump regularly picks and chooses intelligence to suit his political purposes. That has never been more clear than this week.

On Monday, standing next to the Russian president in Helsinki, Finland, Mr. Trump said he accepted Mr. Putin’s denial of Russian election intrusions. By Tuesday, faced with a bipartisan political outcry, Mr. Trump sought to walk back his words and sided with his intelligence agencies.

On Wednesday, when a reporter asked, “Is Russia still targeting the U.S.?” Mr. Trump shot back, “No” — directly contradicting statements made only days earlier by his director of national intelligence, Dan Coats, who was sitting a few chairs away in the Cabinet Room. (The White House later said he was responding to a different question.)

Hours later, in a CBS News interview, Mr. Trump seemed to reverse course again. He blamed Mr. Putin personally, but only indirectly, for the election interference by Russia, “because he’s in charge of the country.”

In the run-up to this week’s ducking and weaving, Mr. Trump has done all he can to suggest other possible explanations for the hacks into the American political system. His fear, according to one of his closest aides who spoke on the condition of anonymity, is that any admission of even an unsuccessful Russian attempt to influence the 2016 vote raises questions about the legitimacy of his presidency.

The Jan. 6, 2017, meeting, held at Trump Tower, was a prime example. He was briefed that day by John O. Brennan, the C.I.A. director; James R. Clapper Jr., the director of national intelligence; and Adm. Michael S. Rogers, the director of the National Security Agency and the commander of United States Cyber Command.

The F.B.I. director, James B. Comey, was also there; after the formal briefing, he privately told Mr. Trump about the “Steele dossier.” That report, by a former British intelligence officer, included uncorroborated salacious stories of Mr. Trump’s activities during a visit to Moscow, which he denied.

According to nearly a dozen people who either attended the meeting with the president-elect or were later briefed on it, the four primary intelligence officials described the streams of intelligence that convinced them of Mr. Putin’s role in the election interference.

They included stolen emails from the Democratic National Committee that had been seen in Russian military intelligence networks by the British, Dutch and American intelligence services. Officers of the Russian intelligence agency formerly known as the G.R.U. had plotted with groups like WikiLeaks on how to release the email stash.

And ultimately, several human sources had confirmed Mr. Putin’s own role.

That included one particularly valuable source, who was considered so sensitive that Mr. Brennan had declined to refer to it in any way in the Presidential Daily Brief during the final months of the Obama administration, as the Russia investigation intensified.

Instead, to keep the information from being shared widely, Mr. Brennan sent reports from the source to Mr. Obama and a small group of top national security aides in a separate, white envelope to assure its security.

Mr. Trump and his aides were also given other reasons during the briefing to believe that Russia was behind the D.N.C. hacks.

The same Russian groups had been involved in cyberattacks on the State Department and White House unclassified email systems in 2014 and 2015, and in an attack on the Joint Chiefs of Staff. They had aggressively fought the N.S.A. against being ejected from the White House system, engaging in what the deputy director of the agency later called “hand-to-hand combat” to dig in.

The pattern of the D.N.C. hacks, and the theft of emails from John D. Podesta, Hillary Clinton’s campaign chairman, fit the same pattern.

After the briefings, Mr. Trump issued a statement later that day that sought to spread the blame for the meddling. He said “Russia, China and other countries, outside groups and countries” were launching cyberattacks against American government, businesses and political organizations — including the D.N.C.

Still, Mr. Trump said in his statement, “there was absolutely no effect on the outcome of the election.”

Mr. Brennan later told Congress that he had no doubt where the attacks were coming from.

“I was convinced in the summer that the Russians were trying to interfere in the election,” he said in testimony in May 2017. “And they were very aggressive.”

For Mr. Trump, the messengers were as much a part of the problem as the message they delivered.

Mr. Brennan and Mr. Clapper were both Obama administration appointees who left the government the day Mr. Trump was inaugurated. The new president soon took to portraying them as political hacks who had warped the intelligence to provide Democrats with an excuse for Mrs. Clinton’s loss in the election.

Mr. Comey fared little better. He was fired in May 2017 after refusing to pledge his loyalty to Mr. Trump and pushing forward on the federal investigation into whether the Trump campaign had cooperated with Russia’s election interference.

Only Admiral Rogers, who retired this past May, was extended in office by Mr. Trump. (He, too, told Congress that he thought the evidence of Russian interference was incontrovertible.)

And the evidence suggests Russia continues to be very aggressive in its meddling.

In March, the Department of Homeland Security declared that Russia was  targeting the American electric power grid, continuing to riddle it with malware that could be used to manipulate or shut down critical control systems. Intelligence officials have described it to Congress as a chief threat to American security.

Just last week, Mr. Coats said that current cyberthreats were “blinking red” and called Russia the “most aggressive foreign actor, no question.”

“And they continue their efforts to undermine our democracy,” he said.

Christopher A. Wray, the F.B.I. director, also stood firm.

“The intelligence community’s assessment has not changed,” Mr. Wray said on Wednesday at the Aspen Security Forum. “My view has not changed, which is that Russia attempted to interfere with the last election and continues to engage in malign influence operations to this day.”

The Russian efforts are “aimed at sowing discord and divisiveness in this country,” he continued. “We haven’t yet seen an effort to target specific election infrastructure this time. We could be just a moment away from the next level.”

“It’s a threat we need to take extremely seriously and respond to with fierce determination and focus.”

Almost as soon as he took office, Mr. Trump began casting doubts on the intelligence on Russia’s election interference, though never taking issue with its specifics.

He dismissed it broadly as a fabrication by Democrats and part of a “witch hunt” against him. He raised unrelated issues, including the state of investigations into Mrs. Clinton’s home computer server, to distract attention from the central question of Russia’s role — and who, if anyone, in Mr. Trump’s immediate orbit may have worked with them.

In July 2017, just after meeting Mr. Putin for the first time, Mr. Trump told a New York Times reporter that the Russian president had made a persuasive case that Moscow’s cyberskills were so good that the government’s hackers would never have been caught. Therefore, Mr. Trump recounted from his conversation with Mr. Putin, Russia must not have been responsible.

Since then, Mr. Trump has routinely disparaged the intelligence about the Russian election interference. Under public pressure — as he was after his statements in Helsinki on Monday — he has periodically retreated. But even then, he has expressed confidence in his intelligence briefers, not in the content of their findings.

That is what happened again this week, twice.

Mr. Trump’s statement in Helsinki led Mr. Coats to reaffirm, in a statement he deliberately did not get cleared at the White House, that American intelligence agencies had no doubt that Russia was behind the 2016 hack.

That contributed to Mr. Trump’s decision on Tuesday to say that he had misspoken one word, and that he did believe Russia had interfered — although he also veered off script to declare: “Could be other people also. A lot of people out there.”

Follow David Sanger and Matthew Rosenberg on Twitter: @SangerNYT and @AllMattNYT.

Adam Goldman contributed reporting.


$C: So we have concrete proof Trump is committing treason. 

What do? I have a feeling nobody will be storming the streets. 
$C: Weapons of Mass Cyberattacks!
$C: Can someone explain where the evidence is ? I don't see it in the article , am I missing something?
$C: Wouldn't Obama have been shown this as well?
$C: Just wish Bernie could have at least been the Democratic nominee, wtf 
$C: Damn this episode of America is getting intense. Feels like it’s almost time for the season finale! 
$C: So, what happens now? Nothing? More news attacking Trump? A Mike Pence presidency?
$C: How are all of these getting so much gold???
$C: #Is that 59 fucking Gold
$C: [deleted]
$C: America: Nicholas II
Republican Party:  Alexandra
Trump: Rasputin 
Ryssia: Russia
$C: For me, its seems like, Americans, as any other nations more likely beat the shit out of their keyboard, than prove that they had enough of XY's shit...
$C: "Anyone can be President!"

Not anyone, clearly.
$C: I don't know what it will take to impeach this guy. 
$C: We've got people in high places going crazy on Twitter with no real benefit, and on the other end of the world Putin is sitting back in his recliner watching the beautiful circus he has created out of the US gov't. 

Who is better at social media? ;) 
$C: Oh boy. Can't wait for nothing to happen.
$C: Traitorous Trump lied again. I'm not surprised. 
$C: I went over to TD to see if there was any mention of this and to no surprise there wasn’t. As far as I can tell the only comeback I see to anything trump does is to just deflect it to something else rather than answering or explaining the point brought up to them. 
$C: Could someone much smarter than me ELI5 why Trump has not been impeached? This whole mess seems a little more treason-y than a blow job in the Oval Office. 
$C: I hope they showed the actual president this as well, and the presidents candidate.  Or was only trump privy to this highly secret info?  Not defending trump but my point is nobody did anything about it then, before then, or now.  Nothing has changed.  This is also not a good thing.
$C: [deleted]
$C: That’s why the wifey left
$C: A EU member watching this. I wonder how easy it is to influence the US politics too. The parties and all kinds of shady organisations try to get information on each other each elections. Have US voters/journalists/companies used hacking to obtain information to smear the other side? Also, I recall reading that the US did this to other governments in middle america and middle east. 
$C: Why would Putin want Trump to win?
$C: The first time I've seen over 70 golds on one post. 

And this one is well deserved.
$C: If this gets to the impeachment phase the Republicans are going to try and save face by saying Trump has dementia and is unable to remember events. They will say he's illness prevented him from understanding the reality of the situation. They will then shift the proceeding from treason to mental unfitness, if they don't open the proceeding as mental unfitness to begin with. They will do this to avoid further action against the rest of the party that is complicit. 
$C: Can Congress not give that stupid man the boot for colluding with the enemy. Geez he friggin crazy. I cannot believe he hasn’t been ousted!!!
$C: Would we still be talking about this is if Hillary Clinton had won?   
*Disclaimer: I did not vote for Trump.*
$C: I have no clue. The thing about propaganda is one doesn't really know (every time) when one has seen it. 
I certainly think that "fake news" had an impact. Lots of not true at all and/or grain of truth but most bullshit was going around the interwebs. Cultivating an anti-immigration, "we are about to be hit by Isis" and nationalistic fervor. This type of insidious propaganda stoked the fires for Trump. Nationalism is on the rise globally and I think it came home to roost in this election. 

Personally, I've learned to fact check an article (left or right leaning) that doesn't seem possible or truthful. So that is one silver lining to this whole thing. I hope that it's made us all way more accountable for our voting and political beliefs. 

I think (my opinion) that having a black president followed up by a female democratic candidate was a little.too.much. for many Americans. A strong, white, "successful", male candidate "who didn't let 'bad guys' {insert demographic here} get the best of 'im! By golly" was VERY comforting to a lot of Americans. It didn't matter that Trump was under qualified, badly spoken, caught in constant misrepresentations and outright lies and sexually predatory. 
$C: What does x74 mean uptop
$C: There never was any evidence found anyways.
$C: i know i can dismiss this right away knowing the source is new york times whom are activists and not journalists. you´ve all been duped.
$C: First off, if it's such a big secret, how do we know about it? Second, if Trump knows details about the Russian hacking thing, and still insists that Hillary is behind a lot of it, I'd listen to the man. He'd be the one to know, right? Cause that's what this is really supposed to be about. Supposed to be another anti-Trump Reddit post, trying to get stupid people to hate Trump because it's popular, trying to say that somehow Trump is colluding with Russia. But think about it before you jump on the hate train.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Thank you Russia for not letting Hillary be president 

Edit: :)
$C: [deleted]
$C: The same guys that were spying on him told him this? Don't see why he wouldn't trust them at all. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: [deleted]
$C: [deleted]
$C: **GOP** and **TRUMP** equal **TRE45ON**.
$C: They told Obama about it in 2015 and he didn't do anything about it because he thought Hillary wouldn't lose.
$C: The Motherfucking New York Times, they've been known to write some decent shit!
$C: No evidence presented in article? Simply hearsay? Conjecture based on unnamed observers?

Getting real sick of seeing these hysterical anti-Trump posts on the first page. Im not pro-Trump, not even American. But this Russia shit is getting old.
$C: Ok, so... Can we impeach him now?
$C: Theres no sources on this information?
$C: Yes, and President Bush was shown highly classified intelligence indicated that President Saddam Hussein of Iraq and personally ordered complex WMD's to be stored in Iraq.

No hard evidence = talking out of your ass. 
$C: They're conflating "Russian hacking" with Seth Rich's thumb drive dump of emails from a DNC server which he gave to Wikileaks.  Done by a Democrat employee.

Or maybe they're conflating "Russian hacking" with the Awan brothers' theft of hard drives and intelligence from Democrat politicians' computers which was given to the Pakistan ISI (secret service).  Done by two Democrat employees.

They have to keep making up new salacious scandals lest the public turn attention to their real scandals. 
$C: Fuck that bitch and all the garbage coming out of his mouth. I voted for Obama, Bernie and Hillary. 

I hate Trump. 

But was this info given to Obama as well? And why didn’t we hear about it sooner? Who else is covering? 

Either way impeach trump now for treason. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: Trump really isnt that bad
$C: And again another display of fake news on Reddit!  Doesn't anyone get tired of these meaningless, ignorant attempts at recognition.
$C: So, maybe I'm confsued after reading this. It stills says that they didn't actually hack the election, they may have influenced it, but the election still stands and Trump still won. Regardless of whether Trump is an idiot or says dumb things, he still won the election. And while everyone here is fussing about the Russian hacking and how it influenced the election, they aren't talking about the damning information that got released due to the hacking. It's all "Trump is a traitor because he found out about Russia AFTER getting elected!" I'm sure many countries are all trying to hack us, and mostly we have ourselves to blame by making everything as connected as it is. Why can't we just agree that the whole government in general is corrupt instead of pointing fingers at one side or the other?
$C: When will Americans do more than react to news headlines in online forums.  "We have jobs" is such a limp dicked excuse.  You can call your senators and representatives, vote on every possible legislation, sign petitions, support political initiatives monetarily or otherwise.  Theres a lot you can do even if you work full time.  You just have to sacrifice the free time you have before and after work.
$C: NY Times is the source..... yeah ok like im going to believe that propaganda rag.
$C: [deleted]
$C: What exactly is this "interference"? Is it like hacking in extra Trump votes that were never given or is it just like releasing fake articles defaming Hillary? 
$C: And this is getting downvoted into oblivion. gee i wonder why?
$C: pls add more middle names, otherwise I will be confused about who's who
$C: Was this at the same briefing they talked about the pee pee dossier?  I can’t imagine why he wouldn’t believe them.  
$C: [deleted]
$C: [deleted]
$C: I couldn't help but notice that the article didn't cite  sources. It sounds true and adds other seemingly realated facts but no evidence the meeting happened and what may have been discussed. Vote Libertarian!
$C: LE ORANGE MAN BAD!
$C: ^(NYTIMES, DO YOU THINK TRUE AMERICANS ARE SO STUPID AS TO BLINDLY ACCEPT OR TO BELIEVE A STATEMENT LIKE THE ABOVE WHEN THERE IS NO SOURCE GIVEN AND NO PROOF THAT THE SHOWING OF THIS "HIGHLY CLASSIFIED INTELLIGENCE" EVEN OCCURRED???) 

WE MAY HAVE BEEN BORN AT NIGHT, BUT YOU CAN BET IT WASN'T LAST NIGHT!!!
$C: But y'all gotta ask urselves did we *really* want Hillary instead?
$C: Oh you guys really got him this time. Uh oh
$C: 72 gold, 172k upvotes.  


...but it's the Trumpeteers who use bots...
$C: Let me go through this slowly.


> Indications Putin ordered "cyberattacks"


>Texts and emails of russian officers... "hacking" and disinformation.


>Trump no care


>*bias rambles*


>Trump seemingly accept's putin's denials, recants later.


>Trump denies Russia still targeting US, even though information presented. Whitehouse later says he wasn't responding to THAT question.


>Trump blames Russia inderectly during interview.


>Bias ramblings before stating a supposed anonymous Trump aid says even unsuccessful meddlings should raise questions about legitimacy 


>Trump briefed by CIA and NSA during meeting early in presidency


>After, FBI Comey talks about a report with details of trump and russia.


>During meeting Trump was shown a lot of evidence of Putin's role


>Evidence was stolen DNC emails. Russians-a group called GRU-plotted with WikiLeaks on how to release them


>People have confirmed Putin's role


>CIA Director wouldn't refer to one of these sources at the end of Obama admin during briefings because it was so valuable. 


>Instead sent reports privately.


>Trump+aides given other reasons why Russia must've hacked


>Same Russian groups involved in cyberattacks involving other emails


>Podesta hacked, seemingly a pattern occuring


>Trump states Russia, China, and other groups are conducting cyber attacks against American businesses and political organizations 


>Trump says it still had no effect on outcome


>blah blah, CIA director said he knew where attacks were coming from, quote saying they were aggressive


>*bias rambles*


>Trump made it seem like the NSA and CIA leaders were incompetent and making excuses for Clinton.


>Comey fired


>Admiral Rogers not fired, yet says Russian activity was undeniable.


>Evidence says russia still at work


>Russia targeting electrical grid with malware.


>More "Russia's doing stuff!"


>Talks about Trump's denial, he used Clinton servers as  distraction


>Trump talked with Putie and he said that Russia's hackers are so good, they're undetectable, so that must mean Russia isn't responsible


>Trump starts disregarding reports on meddling again.


>Trump admits Russia interfered, or maybe someone else.



You know, this is the point where I'm confident r/worldnews is fucking retarded. This isn't a smoking gun. This is Trump saying "Russia did some stuff online towards the US."


And what did they do exactly? I dunno, article doesn't say. "Cyber attacks" can really mean anything. At one point they obtained and posted DNC emails but that seems to be about it. And what's bad about exposing secret and classified information? I don't know that either, but apparently according to the NYT it is bad.


And still... you fucking MORONS think he cheated to get elected. You look at the title, without reading this shitty-ass drivel, and think "WOAH!! I KNEW IT. INPEACH NOW!" (Seriously though, what a terribly awfully written excuse for an article.) You believe their vague generalizations, along with their lack of ANY evidence. Ask yourself, what do they mean by "hack," what do they mean by "cyber attack." Unless they directly changed voting results, who fuckin cares what they did? It's not like they uplinked with people's brains through their headphones and made them vote Trump.


Trump is inconsistent. He was inconsistent with DACA, he was inconsistent with the omnibus bill, he was inconsistent with N Korea, and I'm sure we haven't seen the end of it. Did he cheat with Russia's help? NO! A thousand times no! Never any real evidence proving otherwise. Just "blah blah 'hacked,' blah blah top secret anonymous official that knows everything." 


Still, this stupid fucking thread gets 150k+ upvotes, five-dozen gildings, and hundreds of people screeching "see! he's a traitor!" and "when the inpeach?" and "America so corrupt!" I still can't tell if r/worldnews is just a leftist propaganda tool, or if people are really this stupid.


Hopefully the dumbass dems select a half decent candidate for 2020, so I don't have to listen to imbeciles groan for another 4 years.
$C: Geez man, you guys really are reaching. This is nonsense,  I really think Trump derangement syndrome is a thing now. 
$C: Anyone here. Give me 1 concrete way that even if Russia did interfere, did they actually alter even one vote? Not persuasion but actual alteration.

Mueller said no.
$C: I don't believe it
$C: [deleted]
$C: Months before his inauguration, we saw the DNC commit election fraud. 

We are still waiting on those responsible to be charged and held accountable for subverting American democracy.
$C: Lies Obama ordered the intelligence places to say that! Obama is still controlling them from his lizard lair! Trump would never cheat or lie or commit treason! /s
$C: Impeach this dude. He’s no American; he’s an American’t. 
$C: We’ve known this for awhile
$C: How does this even happen? Our next president *has* to take action on this immediately.
$C: The creatures outside looked from pig to man, and from man to pig, and from pig to man again; but already it was impossible to say which was which.
$C: Makes me wonder what Hillary would have done. Considering she is too a professional pathological liar. Not just Trump. Both of them are bad but unfortunately my honesty can only say the smarter of the two idiots won. 
$C: May I have a gold piece
$C: The NYT: "Two weeks before his inauguration, Donald J. Trump was shown highly classified intelligence indicating that President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia had personally ordered complex cyberattacks to sway the 2016 American election. ...Officers of the Russian intelligence agency formerly known as the G.R.U. had plotted with groups like WikiLeaks on how to release the email stash."

Obama: On 1/18/17 - a couple DAYS before Trump's inauguration - President Obama admitted that the “conclusions” of U.S. intelligence regarding how the alleged Russian hacked emails got to WikiLeaks were “inconclusive.”  https://consortiumnews.com/2017/01/20/obama-admits-gap-in-russian-hack-case/

Who's lying?


$C: Here comes le impeach! Here comes le pence
$C: But where are the files? There should be evidence somewhere. 
$C: *Wink, wink.* -Donald J. Trump to Putin as they meet face-to-face (2 days ago).
$C: [removed]
$C: Obama laughed at the notion of Russian meddling in our elections. Trump Sucks!!!!!!!!!!
$C: Does the V in the middle of the name of Putin stands for VODKA
$C: Why is everyone so hyped about this? 
$C: Is this bringing up new evidence? It’s 4AM and I’m struggling right now. Please tell me some damning evidence just came out. 
$C: THIS is the kind of thing that should shut the government down, not golfing...
$C: Lol. The fear of Putin is real.
$C: Don't care in the slightest, every day I hear about how something could impeach him or new developments and it all has led absolutely nowhere in terms of actually getting rid of people or indicting them. The evidence is there what are we waiting for? Footage of Trumps memories or something?
$C: Time to blend this fucker into orange juice.
$C: There's alot of dead people out there right now because bush was shown intelligence reports about Iraqi wmd's.
$C: During the Cold War era, there was the Red Scare---the fear of a communist or Russian (red) takeover of the United States. In 2018, the new Red Scare is the fear of a Russian takeover instigated by Republicans (reds). Interesting coincidence that the Republicans are known to be red, when red was the color to be feared during the Cold War.
$C: 68 gold. Come on people, one more for the perfect post!
$C: I don't care.  I love President Trump. Nothing is going to sway that.
$C: Stop blaming other people and look at yourselfs. Americans let themselves be manipulated by 'comex cyberattacks' they didnt rig the system or add more votes. They used you like dolls got you to do what they wanted with media influence. The big story here is "why are people so easily influenced". So much so that they got YOU to vote for who they want. What YOU can do is think more for yourself and become better informed no one FORCED you to vote for him. 
$C: Why do these posts always pop up overnight in the US? Ah, probably because the EU bots are brigading these posts when the vast majority of Americans are in bed. Shocking

Edit: Brigaded by r/politics bots
$C: Haha drumpfo definetly is dunzo now my dudes
$C: [deleted]
$C: Does anyone else feel this whole Russia election meddling news bull shit is more to make Americans feel better that we let a dumbass in office instead of doing something real like protesting or exercising our constitution? That’s where I’m at. Like Americans, let’s blame everyone else for our stupidity, ignorance, lifestyle, and lack of caring for humanity? 
$C: Why people giving gold for an article post at a very well known Journal that they can actually find themselves... 
$C: Too bad this "news" is like 2 years too late, but wait!!!! If thats the "proof" Why not show us these documents if they want us all to believe it?
$C: Non-American here. 
I hope Americans realize how messy they render other countries when they interfere with their elections. 
Most of these countries do not have strong institutions to defend themselves. No wonder you see so many broken governments around the world. 
$C: There's no linking of evidence, or even a source for the claim.  They just make a statement at the beginning, and then do a recap of shit starting from last January.  They don't even attempt providing anything factual with the claim at all.
$C: I've never in my years of being a Reddit user ever seen a post get gilded 65 times. *That's not fishy at all!* Lol /s
$C: Who leaked this information? This was a highly classified intelligence meeting. Does anyone else find it odd that 2-year-old secret intelligence meetings are now front page gossip?
$C: What is the proof of this? Is it one person coming out with it or is there some solid evidence? I'm not American, just curious.
$C: Gold Gold Gold everywhere, is this someone kind of a message about golden showers 😂✌
$C: I’d like to ask why they’re claiming they know the contents of highly classified reports with no mention of sources whatsoever.

I don’t entirely doubt it, but in this day and age of so much media bias and outright manipulation of facts, I’m dubious of anyone who makes broad claims without providing any kind of supporting evidence.

“Citation Needed” please!
$C: It will always amaze me how people want to go after the craziest, most powerful country in the fucking world. Just absolutely baffling. Go ahead though, Hillary was a WAY better option right? Nothing like a woman so foul she turns milk to yogurt just by staring at it. 
Edit: Yes down vote me. Because I want the woman that couldn't even please her husband as my president.
$C: where’s the PROOF. let all of us redditors and all MSM show us documents and again proof that this happened. Bush and his whole entourage, Powell, Rice etc told us Iraq had weapons of mass destruction. 
WRONG. it was a lie/excuse to invade Iraq.
So there’s a big chance this is false as well.
$C: Evidence from a “top secret source”.?  Look, I hold no water for the buffoon Trump, but until the American people can be shown some actual facts and papers and emails, etc. showing this Russian meddling it’s going to remain a partisan he said/she said. NYT clearly has a political leaning just like Fox has one. No media is unbiased. What I want to see is actual evidence. After all the time and money spent by the DOJ and others in government, there still is no fire to go with the alleged smoke. 

...and no, I am not going to “trust the word” of the US Intelligence Agencies or Congress. Those dirt bags have been lying to the people forever. 
$C: Fake news network as the source. Seems legit. Also if this intelligence is so classified why is the public hearing about it now. 

Bring on the downvotes, your hatred fuels me
$C: Blah blah. Stfu already. 
$C: This website has really transformed into a propaganda hellhole. 

61 gold's for a giant nothing burger.  Unfuckingreal..
$C: No one believes nytimes anymore. Lost all credibility.
$C: I do it like when you credit yourself as a source in your own article 
$C: [No, the presidential election can't be hacked](https://edition.cnn.com/2016/10/19/politics/election-day-russia-hacking-explained/index.html). - *CNN*
$C: So it's ok for America to hack Putin's emails but it's world war 3 if Russia hacks America. Hypocrites like always.
$C: No evidence, 61 golds. You guys are desperate. 
$C: 😑 I missed when the news had actual evidence instead of testimonies from Democratic intelligence officers... Stupid people will fall for simple with words, but that's not how you find the truth. Even with just their testimony the most you can really take is the email hack. The power grid thing didn't affect anything. Without concrete evidence (email , names, motives), that news should be taken as rhetoric.
$C: Putin is a decent human being 
$C: Trump has literally said, on the record, that Russia is a bad actor and has imposed sanctions on them. Of course he knew about this. This is a non-story. 
$C: 74x gold? OP didn't discover this information himself, you know. I thought that gilding shit had a cost, too. Who says millennials don't make money?

Also: still better than that old bat running shit.
$C: So what should of Trump done because I don't understand what the big deal is. Russia interfered by leaking Hillary's dirty laundry onto social media. They didn't hack any voting polls or ANYTHING, they did what politicians do, try to show dirt on the other party and here everyone is acting like Trump is in cahoots with Russia. It's funny because everyone here is spamming impeachment when Russia seems to have acted on their own. Do you guys expect him to have a new election or something? Do you think any other president would call for a new election?
$C: Man the democrat astroturfers are full speed ahead on the russia "nothingburger" (quote from Van Jones) since the Strzok hearing. Very interesting timing. 
$C: Obama was given this intelligence also, while President, you know, when HE could have actually done something, and did nothing.  Didn't even bother to call a press conference to inform the American people. Doesn't that make him Putin's dupe also? Oh, I forgot we only hate Trump, because that is what the media is dictating at the moment. Also, President Trump has acknowledged several times in the past that Russia attempted to meddle in the elections. Hannity comes on again at 1100 pm Eastern, and he shows several clips of him doing so.
$C: Was Obama lying then, or is Obama lying now?

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cruh2p_Wh_4
$C: Even if its true nothing will ever become of it. We'll just take it while everyone pretends its just a liberal problem.
$C: What did Obama do about it?
$C: ...so did Obama do anything about it?? I'm pretty sure 2 weeks before trump was claiming the election is going to be rigged and Obama made fun of him for saying that and said it couldn't be rigged 
$C: Okay and who was the President before Donald J. Trump. Who failed to stop the cyber attacks? Barack Obama. 
$C: Hi DoremusJessup. Your submission from nytimes.com is behind a metered paywall. A [metered paywall](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paywall#.22Soft.22_paywalls) allows users to view a specific number of articles before requiring paid subscription. Articles posted to /r/worldnews should be accessible to everyone. While your submission was not removed, it has been flaired and users are discouraged from upvoting it or commenting on it. For more information see our [wiki page on paywalls](/r/worldnews/wiki/paywalls). Please try to find another source. If there is no other news site reporting on the story, contact the moderators.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/worldnews) if you have any questions or concerns.*
$C: IF I CLOSE MY EYES I DONT HAVE TO TALK ABOUT IT LALALALA - Donald Trump (probably)
$C: Russia is like America's best friend now, who knows what would have happened if Donald Trump didn't get elected!

Thank you Russia for Electing Mr. Trump!
$C: Hasnt he said multiple times he thinks it was the Russians?
$C: We have already lost our country.  Hillary, Obama, everyone in the intelligence community and anyone with half a brain knew what happened, and we fucking sat on it.  This is not news, we've known all of this for literally YEARS, yet we let it go on, and only emboldened the ignorant people who voted him to president.  Any contradiction at this point will just be viewed as liberal bias and disregarded.  Our democracy as we knew it is gone.
$C: This makes me very sad for America. Democracy should be a way for the people to choose the politician who best represent them and their interests. No matter what your stance is on Trump, the fact that a foreign country interfered in your democratic process, shows that the results of the 2016 election were not what the American people wanted/needed.

What’s more discouraging, even when the truth surfaces, nothing appears to matter. People choose to believe the news that they want, and since your people are so divided, it is likely that the culprits will never face justice. 

This should serve as a hard lesson, not only for America, but for every democratic country in the world. Democracy can’t keep going the way it has been before the Information Age, it needs to evolve, otherwise countries will continue to divide  and weaken themselves because of fascist/dictatorships orchestrating cyberattacks like this one. 
$C: Conservatism is a brain disorder.
$C: It is so ‘highly classified’ that now NY Times reports on it. Wonder why Trump doesn’t trust the FBI?
$C: This happened under Obama's watch... and what did we do or care about it then? 

We did nothing.
$C: This seems like kind of a big deal. /s
$C: This information was gathered before Trump was elected.

That would have been the time for the intelligence community to act on it.

Who in Congress and the Obama administration were told about Russia's alleged cyberattacks? What action did they take? Apparently they didn't think it was worth getting bothered about.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Is this from the "failing" New York Times?
$C: Obama was president during the entire thing and he knew about the cyberattacks. His own cyber chief came out and said he briefed Obama about it and was told to stand down. The Trump Derangement Syndrome in here is real.
$C: Russian cyber attacks lost the dems the election? Not Hilarys blatant disrespect for the midddle class? not the DNC's backward campaign? not podestas BS? it was the sleaziest most pompous campaign I have ever seen. Most people I spoke to who were voting looked at it like " picking their poison", Russia did not do this.This is utter nonsense and is pure blame game. Ya'll need to remove partisan politics from your ass
$C: Nice. 0 Evidence.
$C: https://www.youtube.com/embed/cruh2p_Wh_4?autoplay=1&FORM=VIRE2&PC=COSPM01


https://www.bing.com/videos/search?q=obama+saying+no+way+russia+can+inyerfeir+with+an+election&view=detail&mid=9E0BB3AF97AED425F76C9E0BB3AF97AED425F76C&FORM=VIRE&PC=COSPM01

https://www.bing.com/videos/search?q=obama+saying+no+way+russia+can+inyerfeir+with+an+election&view=detail&mid=BCFCE7374509A785D9A5BCFCE7374509A785D9A5&FORM=VIRE&PC=COSPM01
$C: Jesus fucking Christ. How the fuck can one be so obsessed with shit like this?
$C: [deleted]
$C: So who/what exactly is NYT’s source for all of this information?

Also, yes, I am subbed to T_D, and that is not an argument to silence me.
$C: .... Amazing that Obama gave his own cyber security chief the order to “stand down” against the Russians doing what the Russians (and other) do EVERY ELECTION ... this says it best https://www.dailywire.com/news/33266/limbaugh-remember-when-obama-did-response-russian-james-barrett ...  strange.
$C: How does it feel when you lie? Can you feel something in your body? How about when you cheat? Or when you hurt people? But especially lying.  I feel something in my body when I lie, I think that's how the energy in the universe talks to me, you can call it God if you'd like. So if a person can lie over and over again and not feel anything, and not feel absolutely horrible, then that person is a sociopath. That's all there is to it, that's a sociopath, and you don't need a doctor in Psychology to know this. Just a spiritual base or any kind of moral compass. This dude doesn't have one.
$C: I bet Putin is holding so much shit over Trump's head.  Probably even black mailing him with some juicy info.  This is only going to get worse. 
$C: So uhh.. Mr Trump, here's the evidence that Putin tried to get you elected. But don't worry sir, hahaha there's no way that'll ever happen amirite?  I mean just look at your tiny hands."

"No, this fake news.  Totally fake news. I can tell, because if Putin had tried to get me elected, WHICH HE DID NOT, the results would be YUUUGE.  It would be the best election-tampering ever, a landslide.  It would be so great, Lying Hillary wouldn't have even gotten a single vote.  Trust me.  I know colusion.  Not that there was any."







Don Jr:  " the Russians have been tampering with our election? I love it!"
$C: And then he conspired with Russia to undo Obamas sanctions, get congress to ignore the magnistky act, consider recognizing Crimea, launder millions through the NRA, leak state secrets to spies in his administration, repeatedly tried to sabotage the DOJ investigations, dismissed the dozens of intelligence agencies agreeing Russia hacked our election and are already in the process of hacking it today.

All in the span of 18 months. He's so aggressively corrupt. 

We knew he'd be fucking terrible but even I'm amazed how he manages to reach new lows every day.

Pre-election Donny was so innocent, he hadn't tried to kill health care, put minorities  in concentration camps, supported a pedophile, defended neonazi violence that killed a girl...90% of his appointees hadn't rage-quit. 

That was almost 50 Mueller indictments ago.

I don't know how many Mooches. 
$C: Sooo why is he still in office again?
$C: Duh they do it with every election just like every superpower.

Proof of actual votes being manipulated or that collusion charge? No? Then what are we talking here?
$C: went to TD to see what they were saying about. The whole sub is memes. I think they gave up
$C: [deleted]
$C: can we just impeach this guy already, whats it gonna take!?
$C: And absolutely nothing will happen 
$C: I get the idea of foreign impact on political elections. But maybe I lack knowledge because I don't care to pay attention to this monkey throwing shit-fest. But the Russians helped expose Hillary, which I don't think was necessarily a bad thing. I hate how that has been completely swept under the rug. I think that the U.S. (Dems. and Rep.) and Russia are all to blame, for different reasons. Republicans don't want to acknowledge that they were helped, Russians don't want to accept involvement and Democrats don't want to accept or face the information that was revealed or move on from the past. Anyone care to elaborate on why the Russian involvement was particularly bad? Other than some simple: "It's foreign manipulation" or "they hacked... Blah blah". I'd likely to know more precise info.
$C: It does, indeed, seem very important. However I would suggest one look at the source. 

This too, was reported today: https://bigleaguepolitics.com/lisa-page-confirms-the-chinese-not-the-russians-hacked-hillarys-emails/
$C: Trump and Putin share a common goal. They both want power (and subsequent wealth) to the detriment of their own respective nations. 

They are more loyal to their own greed than to their country, fellow citizens. I would expect it from a Russian leader. I find it astonishing (at least in its obvious blatantness) in an American President. 
$C: So the guys before him knew what’s going on and didn’t do anything. Why ?
Unless info were fake and they just wanted him to start on the wrong foot with Russians
Or the previous administration was sure he’s not going to win and hopped  the russian will help them win.  
Either way doesn’t look good for the guys who were  in Power for 8 years. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: Why does this even matter, San Francisco is trying to make it legal for illegal immigrants to vote. By 2020, might as well make it a global election.
$C: Mexico has been much more effective at staying election results than Russia. Dems are just embarrassed that they got caught red handed thwarting the 'democratic process' in their very own primary. Outraged and exposed, they are out for blood.
$C: This is like reading a T_D post but the opposite.
$C: Still though, ‘crooked Hilary’ 

EDIT: I think some people are hazy on the concept of irony.
$C: So why didn't law enforcement stop it....
$C: https://yournewswire.com/lisa-page-squeals-dnc-server-not-hacked-russia/
$C: These Cyberattacks meddled the campaigns, not the election itself. Didn’t Obama say no one has the capacity to actually tamper the election results itself?

With that said, perhaps there is a bigger picture here? Reporter asks “yo did russia fuck with us?” Trumps say “no”. Could it be for the purpose of a developing plan to deal with Russia? Trump always criticized Obama for announcing gameplays to deal with Isis etc. Seems like Trump has a follow up up his sleeve he doesn’t want us to be aware of yet.
$C: 64 gold? Damn i should post anti trump articles from time to time
$C: Lmao 64 golds and rising! Oh the reddits must be right this time!1!
$C: All done on the feckless watch of Comey, Clapper & Brennen; the ones making so much static. So suspicious!  
$C: [deleted]
$C: [removed]
$C: Can someone give me a TLDR on how the meddling actually affected the elections outcome? As someone that has not really been following at all, I thought the main issue was with Facebook ads and propaganda to negatively sway voters against Clinton. Is there more which directly led to Trump being selected or what is the main issue, aside from Trump lying about everything as usual..
$C: I'm not seeing much about this elsewhere.

Does this mean that this is just another nothingburger?

Edit: yeah, the fact that it  wasn't the only thing talked about on NPR this morning and that it isn't even a top trending story on the Microsoft news home page indicates it's another flash in the pan nothing story. I got all excited to see my first treason execution too.
$C: TDS.... le sigh.
$C: I don't have a dog in this fight, but what was he supposed to do?  Stand in front of the world saying his getting elected was less than legitimate and voluntarily stepping down?  That's noble in theory but would you expect Hillary to have done the same?
$C: If that's true, no wonder he's been so hard on Russia with his policies. Bombing Syria, arming the Ukraine, stopping the pipeline. Policy-wise, Trump has been firmly anti-Russia. 
$C: 68 gold hot damn reddit loves to circlejerk this shit. you really think the FBI who has no oversight, no legal limits to what they're allowed to do let him in if it was a real threat? that isn't even bothering to mention the dozens of other checks and balances in government. you guys love conspiracy theories more then alex jones, and are boomer tier minded if you think facebook ads did anything to sway the election. you guys just need a constant cop out for why your "flawless ideas and ideologies" didn't win the vote of the actual people of working class america. its hilarious. 

the only people like you are the scrubs in ivory towers living in cities far away from any reality. the most people who voted democrat are from major cities. that is why you want the popular vote, because you want yours and a few other major cities calling the shots for all of the country. thank god for electoral college and thank god you're not running the country. there was no collusion, so you dropped that in favor of saying he didn't earn his presidency. that is the funny thing about you people, you can't just seem to come back to reality. i seriously think in the back of your minds you know it, yet like most democrats will just keep spitting out the same bs because like the rest of your platform, unless you have something to "fight for" your platform falls apart. there are no more civil rights problems, because we're at the top tier of it. you guys just made up bullshit to move numbers around in order to fool people into thinking there are that many problems in the modern day. there is no end in sight for your platform therefore it will end up eating itself. have fun with that.
$C: [deleted]
$C: [deleted]
$C: I love my president Donald J Trump
$C: Has r/worldnews turned into r/politics? Reading the article there are no credible sources and they even mention the Steele dossier, you know that "trump got pissed on by a Russian hooker" dossier that 4chan made and the journalists gobbled up. It's just a compilation of all the claims made about Russian collusion during the past year and a half
$C: In this thread Democrats who blindly trust secretive government organizations that lied to the entire world about "conclusive" slam dunk" intelligence leading up to the Iraq war. In 2018 Dems now support or worship illegal aliens, big government, corporations, intelligence community, ms 13 and also voted against tax cuts. Trump will still beat anyone they put forward in 2020 because they are scattered, lack leadership and a clear message. 
$C: Do you have a real source or only the discredited NYT?
$C: TREEEEEEASON!!!
$C: To me this seems to be the smoking gun. 
$C: https://imgur.com/iMP4Rzb
$C: This is all so much fun to me, not coming from the States.
Considering it were the States that helped Yeltsin keep his power in the '90s. Our problem back then wasn't that our president was mingling with Americans, but the fact that people literally hadn't anything to eat because of that.
What the US is experiencing is now is barely even comparable to the horrors you've brought upon Russia in the '90s.
$C: From the same people who showed the president mobile chemical and nuclear labs in Iraq before the invasion? Weapons of mass destruction?
$C: Sooo... when Obama was still President...?
$C: Was Obama wrong about Russia when he smugly mocked Romney "1980's called and wants their foreign policy back. The cold war is over"? 

Why did Obama refuse to do anything about Crimea? Sanctions? Heh. That really hurt them. Not stopping Germany from building that Nord Stream pipeline.

Why did Obama refuse to give Ukraine the weapons they needed to fight against Russia. (Later, Trump gave Ukraine those tank-busting weapons)

Why did Obama do nothing when Russian backed Assad gassed his own people? That "red line" Obama made was crossed, and Obama did nothing. (Trump did something - twice)

Why did Susan Rice give the "stand down" order when the intelligence agencies wanted to go after the Russians WHILE they were doing this?

Why did Obama make the statement?:
>  But the larger point that I want to emphasize here is that there is no serious person out there who would suggest somehow that you could even rig America’s elections, in part because they’re so decentralized and the numbers of votes involved.  There’s no evidence that that has happened in the past, or that there are instances in which that will happen this time. 

> And so I’d advise Mr. Trump to stop whining and go try to make his case to get votes.  

Why did Hillary Clinton sell 20% of our Uranium to Russian state controlled businesses? 

Was the Obama administration, that knew about this MONTHS before the election, also complicit?

No one is asking these questions. You only care to pretend there is only Russia AFTER Trump. **What about Russia BEFORE Trump**? Shhhhhhhhhh about that. Obama was infallible. 


Come on liberal sheeple! Can stop the fake outrage now. Either be outraged over EVERYTHING, or cut the shit.
$C: Obama was shown the same info prior and let it all happen... Let's talk about that. 
$C: So why is this a big deal all of a sudden? We have known about this and yet do nothing. Just like now, nothing will happen because nothing illegal happened. I'm starting to think k you guys like being outraged more than actually doing anything to fix a problem.
$C: It's over
$C: I’m in school studying to be a high school history teacher, and this is going to be an interesting era to teach once it hits the curriculum...
$C: [deleted]
$C: Seems like trump didn’t do anything. Also didn’t the dmc fuck Bernie Sanders? How you gonna get mad when the only way to win this game is through foul play. You got me fucked up if you think Hillary ran a clean campaign. 
$C: Traitors should hang. 
$C: I want to get excited, but I’m truly afraid that nothing will happen to him but a slap on the wrist
$C: Couldn’t be that highly classified if the media is reporting it :/
$C: Does it seem strange to anyone that there are no up votes??

This is s big deal too, right?
$C: I’ll keep saying it.  DOESNT MATTER.  He’s untouchable.  It’s sad 
$C: What is the tag 'behind soft paywall' about? Im on mobile so the 'help' page isn't always helpful. Is it about the paywall in the Article, or the paywall on reddit to promote it to frontpage? (Serious). It seems the last titles Ive seen with this I didn't know to click story or not. On mobile many times it seems the page won't load or has full page popups to get past to read the article. Even if you get past the pop ups the infobars block a majority of the screen.


Scrolling thru the comments makes this story seem like the U.S. Gov. should be implementing removal of the D. But idk if I can't read the articles sometimes posted! Thx 'ads'!(any help?)
$C: Honest question...were these complex cyberattacks just bots and memes? Are we easily swayed like that?
$C: Fucking Catch-22. Leave Trump, we’re fucked. Impeach Trump, Mike Pence incoming, we’re still fucked.

Drop the trousers and bend over bois.
$C: This won't affect anything.

Trump made me an accelerationist.
$C: So Putin did a better job persuading Americans in 2016 election than the Democrat party did?!? Sad. 
$C: I don't have any doubt about this really, but do we have proof of this? I mean, what is there to keep it from being dismissed as "fake news?"  It was 'highly classified' so, how do we know?

Not intentionally meaning to be devil's advocate, but I'd sure like to have some irrefutable proof. I have some die-hard Trump fanatics in my life that could benefit from it.
$C: Nothing will happennnnn
$C: Proof? 

I am not saying it didn’t happen. I just want to see the evidence.
$C: So you mean nothing is going to change? Again?
$C: In 2 weeks there will be something else to be enraged about. 
$C: We already know about Russia being ordered to hack the DNC server in order to influence the election. Trump was given classified information that Russia had conducted cyber warfare and he didn't tell everyone like he's suppose to. 
$C: He said he didn't do it.
$C: How has he not been impeached?
$C: Swayed lolololololololol
$C: Again...nothing will ever happen, only reddit happened.
$C: What are the possible repercussions of this? And how likely is that to occur? Surely if information is this credible, it would be grounds to have him impeached and or possibly a re-election?
$C: [deleted]
$C: Doesn’t seem so classified after all
$C: "In July 2017, just after meeting Mr. Putin for the first time, Mr. Trump told a New York Times reporter that the Russian president had made a persuasive case that Moscow’s cyberskills were so good that the government’s hackers would never have been caught. Therefore, Mr. Trump recounted from his conversation with Mr. Putin, Russia must not have been responsible."

You're outta your element Donny!
$C: Im confused, how come after seeing this his rather casual response wasn't an immediate sign of treason? I am not saying that any candidate wouldn't cheat, but if he didn't even propose the fact that his election was won unfairly and should be recounted does that not go against what his forefathers stood for? A fair and equal nation. 

They should have released the evidence as soon as they found out he didn't care, I understand if its classified but it threatened democracy and no one alerted their own nation
$C: I’m just waiting for trump to really lose it and plead for Russian protection against the deep state on live TV or at a rally. That’s where this is going.
$C: Its treason then.
$C: The Rabbit hole runs deep
$C: We already knew this though.
$C: For people with short attention spans, Trump being crazy every day gets old and they stop paying attention.

$C: So when are the well earned mass protests and riots happening? Never because we refuse to follow the example set by citizens from nations with equally as or more shitty leadership? Oh ok.
$C: God dammit, NY Times. I have work in the morning. You can't drop this on me now.

So it turns out Donny knew Putin had ordered attacks on our election and has still been denying it for 2 fucking years, along with the rest of his fan club.

When do we see these people on the wrong end of a noose? Speaking metaphorically, of course.....
$C: It's almost as if Trump is trying to distract everyone from his previous controversies using bigger controversies. A bold tactic.
$C: They know they can get away with it... democracy is dead
$C: Lmao
$C: We are under attack and we have howdy-doody as our leader. 
$C: Will anything even come from this? 
$C: Putin probably planted this at this time on purpose and Pence will probably be worse because in the end we voted to play Putin’s hand for 4 years, but _LFG_. impeach this Cheeto of a “man” and take away his blond hair dye 
$C: Why so highly classified
$C: Ya know my history teacher once told me that each generation has their key events, whether it be watergate, 9/11 etc. I was just thinking that my generation (born in 2000) was lacking some defining crisis, and would be surprised if this doesn't turn out to be it.
$C: Ah yes but not big enough deal for Obama’s to order a stand down on countering the cyber attacks 
$C: Serious question. If it was highly classified, then how did he see it before he was inaugurated? Because wouldn't he have that clearance after he was sworn in?
$C: Will somebody please just do something already. 
$C: Probably why he approved two rounds of sanctions. 
$C: So classified that it's the top story on the front page of the internet- reddit
$C: If he was shown highly classified documents of this, wouldn’t the current president at the time have access to those same documents? Of which could have been given to his party as well? 
$C: Mike Pence 2018, lol
$C: but **WHY** would Putin do that???
$C: Are there other sources on this? How are others reporting this? 
$C: Did anyone actually watch the video at Helsinki?

Or the interviews with Putin??? 
$C: Lol.  Who keeps wasting their money buying gold for these Trump posts?
$C: l33t haxxors amirite see you in 2024 LUL
$C: I wonder what Obama knew was going on at the time. Maybe he thought Clinton was going to win and no point in questioning the result then. 
$C: Why was he shown "highly classified material" before his inauguration?
$C: Three liars in one shot. The heads of the only 3 intelligence organizations (not 17, that claim was retracted) making the claim of Russia hacking the server.
$C: #REPEAL AND REPLACE REPUBLICANS.
$C: https://i.redd.it/jm49amx30ua11.jpg TD OOFing right now lmao
$C: You know the R and red color designation does not mean you are Russian, right Republicans? 
$C: Ih man, do you guys remember when the treasonous snake, Obama conspired with Saudi Arabia to tamper with US elections?

Oh right, it wasn't Obama, it was Trump, and it wasn't Saudi Arabia, it was Russia.
$C: Could you imagine if Ronald Reagan was alive? I can't even fathom what he would say about all this. 
$C: Can someone explain why this is significant and what it means for the less knowledgeable like myself?
$C: The Obama team knew it even before that - so what???

And Hillary was working with them....

Now what???????
$C: Complex cyberattacks= wikileaks emails we all looked at.
$C: And the President at the time of these events... 
https://www.yahoo.com/news/obama-cyber-chief-confirms-stand-order-russian-cyberattacks-summer-2016-204935758.html

$C: Cut out his fucking tongue
$C: Twenty one Reddit golds? Ho Lee Phuc.
$C: [Most of this came out already, on the same day Trump was said to be briefed. ](https://assets.documentcloud.org/documents/3254237/Russia-Hack-Report.pdf) 

Edit: added link
$C: I truly wish I understood what this means. I know it's not good, but it's very hard to keep track of the timeline here, why this is bad, and all other factors that went into the 2016 election. 

I remember hearing people say that HC stole the DNC from Bernie. I hear about this Russia interference. I'm just lost, man. What happened to our system? 
$C: It's over, he'll be impeached any day now...
$C: 26 gold and 70k upvotes in 2 hours? Wtf
$C: I always figured once the Mueller investigation neared completion the best way to get things done that needed to be would be for them to slowly roll out information to the public to get them prepared and ready to admit that yes - Trump is a traitor. If Mueller reported that Trump was a traitor just a month or two ago, his base would be up in arms and Congress would not act on it. But now? His support is steadily being eroded.    
  
I think that is what is going on now. We are being prepared for something very big that is coming.
$C: So are Americans going to do something about it, yet?
$C: Wow this is a horrible episode of The Twilight Zone. How do unsubscribe???
$C: nothing is going to change in this shitshow. 
$C: Titles like this that state the obvious have become so tiresome. 

The guy literally admitted it. Literally said, "Yes I did" when asked if he did. 
$C: Could someone just point out what information is new here, *and* how the NYT got the information? I can't seem to find it and site is giving me trouble on my crappy old phone.
$C: Not to deescalate.. But what clearance did he have before becoming president to observe highly classified intelligence?
$C: doesnt really matter. trump had a pretty good chance of winning anyways though this was wrong.
$C: This one will be in history books. Jesus fuckin wept.
$C: Who cares. This has been going on since before he got elected and nothing has happened. At this point it seems nothing will happen. I’d be surprised if he loses next elections. 
$C: is russia pulling an america on america?
$C: Pitchforks and torches !!
https://youtu.be/0OVfjn-lrsk

$C: hi mom
$C: Pp pp
$C: Hey look still nothing happening. We're going to get the most "saw that coming" world war and civilization fall.
$C: I wonder how Trump has Top Secret clearance to get this kind of info. 
$C: A wise man once said:

[“Either he’s compromised by Putin or he’s a pussy, in which case he should grab himself.”](https://www.thedailybeast.com/us-officials-at-a-fucking-loss-over-latest-russia-sell-out)
$C: What now ? 
$C: Can we just go back to hunter gatherer times when none of this shit would happen
$C: I think....we should REALLY start paying attention the the grid and other vital infrastructure now that they pretty much summed up that it's been comprised .
$C: The Democratic party has to make impeaching Trump part of their midterm paltform at this point.
$C: China in the background just waiting for US and Russia to take each other out.
$C: *same comments as last week*
$C: 12 dimensional chess!
$C: I'm somone who is relatively new to politics and actually reading articles about this kind of stuff. 

How do we know that these are legitimate claims and not something sensationalized?

I'm not doubting Russian interference, I'm just wondering in this particular instance, how do we know that this actually happened when it only lists top secret sources and what not as people who saw all this go down? 
$C: I wouldn't be surprised if later on we found out this was all planned by our government to get people to give up rights and let the nsa dig through all our shit 24/7. None of this surprises me in the least I've been expecting someone to call Trump on his shit since he got into office. The worst part about all this is the fact that a good majority of Americans will ignore this or do nothing about it. I'm really for the downfall of America and it's not the Russians faul, it's not the Mexicans fault, and it's not anyone from the middle Easts fault. It's 100% Americans fault for letting this terrible 2 party system run this country into the ground. 
$C: why did this just disappear from the front page?
$C: In the end Americans voted, not Putin... Partial blame goes to Americans if they have Trump as president. 

Here come the downvotes 
$C: There’s a lot to be angry about here, but is anything actually illegal? He uses misinformation constantly, so if it’s that he knew something and said another, then it will just get added to the list of things that are shitty about him and everyone will move on. 
$C: I'd like to see a source before I start putting my trust into this article.
$C: complex cyberattacks such as "mr podosta u relly ned to change ur passwd at this legit link www.phishingwebsite.com regards googol"
$C: Oh my god who even gives a shit what the puppets do 
$C: Where is the outcry from dems to start impeachment? If the facts are there, and liberal centric reddit links suggest that they are, then what’s the hold up? 
$C: Is the proof on this made public somewhere? Id like to read it. I'm not from USA so im a bit clueless about all this. 
$C: We live in the most fucked timeline. 
$C: Big if true. 
$C: “We haven’t yet seen an effort to target specific election infrastructure this time. We could be just a moment away from the next level.”

Does this undermine the hacking story? 
$C: So did Russia vote for him too? 
$C: Wouldn't. 
$C: PLEASE, CAN YOU STOP POSTING LINKS TO PPV ONLY SITES!
$C: I mean I guess I blame Trump for not standing up to Russia, but only indirectly, because "he's in charge of the country."
$C: 54 gold and going up...

But seriously, I KNEW something was up with that guy.
$C: I can't stop thinking about how I'll never get guilded 52 times. 

Also, this is truly the darkest timeline
$C: Stop with the lies!
$C: Why is the NYT currently insisting on calling him Vladimir V Putin?
$C: Quality username to match the information there
$C: Where the fuck is the league of shadows when you need em? Liam Neeson please...
$C: Have you ever questioned the nature of your reality?
$C: I'm sure something meaningful will come out of this 
$C: [“Complex cyberattacks”](https://youtu.be/LjUOlELv7ck)
$C: great so when can we punish him for it
$C: Why the hell do people give a guy reposting a news article gold 64 times? Why? Someone explain it 
$C: Everyone does it but when its in public domain then you got to face music. Isnt?
$C: Is it business as usual in major cities? Waking up to this news??
$C: *i have never seen so much gold*
$C: I swear. Putin could be cast as the next Bond villain (or they could even portray Putin), and everyone who sees that movie would think it was a documentary.
$C: You know what's depressing?    
I've been so desensitized by neverending scandals, that ,somehow, this doesn't seem like such a big deal.     
$C: I can't find any news about this through Google even if I search "Trump Russia new York times"
$C: [deleted]
$C: I love the way people word things. 
$C: Estados Unidos se está converitendo en Mexico con su corrupcion tan descarada. :-\ 

“El que no tranza no avanza.” 
$C: https://youtu.be/UXpRswM-tzc
$C: He was asking for an example of one instance of the trump admin specifically addressing the confirmed Russian meddling.
$C: What is the course of action? What does everyone want?
$C: Obama knew about it as it was happening and did nothing to stop it nor did the FBI. then again, what good would that have done when Hillary hired the awan bros and gave them full access to turn everything over to foreign entities. But muh russia!!!!!
$C: still ≠collusion

not saying it's acceptable—because it isn't, but the fever pitch of cries from the left, since summer16, has consistently been "collusion"

point to a single state where the outcome was swayed more than by, say, comey's announcement that the investigation had been briefly (as more of a review than anything else, unfortunately) reopened per his verbal agreement, under oath, with house oversight

obama himself said that the election was "unhackable," and he wasn't wrong

i guess the left would prefer global thermonuclear war over a trump presidency. don't worry, guys- you'll get your chance in 6 years
$C: Bunch of kids on this site i swear. Foreign govts try to influence every election.  Never mind the fact that all their cyberattacks did was show that hillary cheated her own parties primary.  You guys really are becoming a laughing stock to free thinkers.
$C: Faaaaaake neewwwws
$C: Unless the vote count was directly altered then nothing will come of this. 
$C: Look, fuck Trump but this stuff is getting hilarious. You are all going to be disappointed with the ending of this forced narrative. Let's stop trying SO FUCKING HARD to have a hit story that takes down Donny and instead fix our own "parties" problems, unite and vote for the RIGHT people! 
$C: To all the people gilding this, you're retards.
$C: Shown by clapper, the dude in the middle of that photo, the same guy that lied directly to congress while under oath about mass surveillance? Why should trump or THE PEOPLE trust clapper when he has no credibility whatsoever? And the justice department who just ignored his perjury and lies to the American people? Can someone tell me this? Why is clapper running around doing interviews on mainstream media even after he's been proven to be a lying criminal who perjured himself and who has zero credibility? Why do all the news still talk to him like he's some credible and trustworthy person who deserves the national spotlight/exposure, while people like Ron Paul and Bernie sanders are treated like criminal pedophiles and given no airtime and if they are, it's all negative?
$C: I highly doubt this.
$C: And so was Hillary.
$C: lol who gilded this trash, let alone 62 times
$C: AND WHAT THE FUCK DID OBAMA DO ABOUT IT? 

TRUMP WAS NOT PRESIDENT YET.
$C: The real question is: why are we still talking about this?   Did the Russians cast our votes or infiltrate the electoral college?  —— #saltyleft
$C: I thought Obama said no one could mess with the election? https://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/19/us/politics/obama-donald-trump-election.html how could he let this happen on his watch?? 
$C: Reddit is too busy jerking themselves off about impeaching Trump to see this is going to lead no where. Other countries meddling in our elections has been happening as long as we've had them. The U.S. does it all the time, are we really surprised Russia did it to us? Mark my words Trump will finish his term, I doubt he will get reelected, the Russia scandal will be replaced with the next thing and this will be less than a footnote in history. The internet is great but it's far too easy to fall in echo chambers and blow shit into larger deals than they are.

If you're an American citizen it is your duty to change the country for the better if you're unhappy with how things are. Stop bitching on reddit and actually do something to make a difference.
$C: As long as the integrity of the actual voting is jeopardized it’s all good. Meaning the voting machine (which you should do research into owns the software for those) and voter IDs. San Fran just released something in Monday saying they are gonna let people without an ID or legal documentation vote. Lol 

Where’s your 3 year long resistance there? 
$C: Can you hysteric retards give up with the Russia bs already? How many of you saw more pro Trump ads than anti Trump ads that you morons actually believe Trump won because of "cyberattacks". He won despite the huge anti trump media because it was obvious to anyone not suffering from liberalism that he was the better candidate.
$C: So are we to assume Obama knew about all this and did nothing? It seems an awful lot of these stories are when obama was in charge. Why aren't liberals upset that he apparently let 'america' down by being a pushover?
$C: Have they actually released the "evidence" of Russia interference in the election. I keep reading articles about evidence, without the evidence. I want to see the documents that proof it, before that, I'm inclined to believe Putin.

$C: I just want to throw out there that all this did was to release emails that proved the DNC and Hillary was absolutely corrupt. The GOP was corrupt working with Russia and the DNC was corrupt blocking a fair and democratic primary election. Both parties need to be completely rebuilt from the ground up until it doesnt matter whose emails say what as corruption shouldn't be an inherent part of American politics.
$C: The fucking hypocrisy of Americans is unbelievable. They openly (and covertly) meddle in the affairs of how many other nations? And then whine long and loud when someone does it back.
$C: Obama was potus. Why didn't he do something
$C: [deleted]
$C: Say it with me:

#Fuck Trump
$C: What can we do? I feel like the GOP is about to handover our democracy to Trump, and there's no convincing then to do otherwise. If Democrats don't win in November, I feel like that's the end of democracy for the United States.
$C: Yawn 
$C: [deleted]
$C: Let me repeat myself “Fuck this guy”
$C: So serious question with all this information when can impeachment happen and how?
$C: Are we even citing who the sources anymore or are we just calling him the mole?
$C: It's time.  He has sown the seeds for the impeachment process - and now it is time for both parties to pull through.  He has lied to America and our allies again and again, undermining our national security and intelligence agencies.  

The most unsetting notion is that he knew about it all as a *president-elect*, barely fresh off the campaign trail - and has been half-assedly deceiving everyone but Putin on the matter of Russian election interference.  

With what we currently know about Russian meddling in the U.S. election, a prospect accepted *across party lines* - we must administer impeachment proceedings if we want to remain a beacon of international stability and liberty on the world stage.  The complacency behind letting his disgraceful behavior continue is not only damaging to the visions behind America, but also how greatly we've actually progressed over the centuries.

Say what you want about his partisan policies, or treatment of minorities... But we've got a heavy-handed question to ask today, and it is posed to **all** American citizens.  

**Will we accept President Trump betraying America for the Russian geopolitical agenda?**
$C: Sounds like leaks are occurring again!! Only Brennan is the source of this one.

John Podesta was hit with a phishing attempt. There is no way you can hack the whole DNC server with a phishing attempt. 

It’s also worth noting that Trump just got NATO to pay $33 billion in defense spending, showing a threatening military growth to Russians.

He also called out German interests building a Russian/German pipeline, forcing Putin to acknowledge it in conference. Also threatening the deal if he backtracks on anything, tanking the Russian economy.

He also showed up strong in the UK. Not bowing to the Queen, a nod to the Boston tea party; we aren’t your subjects. Too scary for the princes to attend and made them hide in their panic rooms.
$C: Hang him.
$C: https://m.imgur.com/a/ScrMekF
$C: *According to a NEW YORK TIMES REPORTER*


$C: “Russia made Hillary Clinton not get off her entitled ass to campaign in the Rust Belt.  Impeach!”  —Y’all 
$C: I mean Obama knew of the meddling as well and couldn’t do anything about it, so it’s not much a surprise Trump heard about it and didn’t do anything because he simply was not POTUS yet
$C: This is all heresay and conjecture. What the fuck? Anonymous sources is total crap. Bring some actual evidence and name some actual sources and maybe we can have an adult conversation. Y’all are crazy. 
$C: So Obama definitely knew well beforehand. Swell guy, that Obama.
$C: Russia as a country hacked Hillary's email server and published her emails, I get that, but they did not alter a single ballot in our election. We condem Russia for releasing secret information which "swayed" the election, but for some reason still praise Edward Snowden and Chelsea Manning (who Obama gave clemency to) for doing the same thing. I guess releasing secret information that informs the public regarding government misdeeds is only OK if you are an American and acting for the correct political party.

Trump did not represent America in the best light during both the meeting and press briefing with Putin, but the Muller investigation is what is going to bring charges against foreign actors and meddlers, not Trump. It's embarrassing that Trump continues to say stupid things regarding Russia, but not seeking policy to help Russia should be considered too. Trump can talk dumb, but it doesn't mean much if he never acts on the dumb things he said in that press briefing.
$C: What the fuck else more do the American people need.  
JFC
$C: Obama knew all along. That’s why he was so relaxed during his first meetings with Trump after he won the election. 
$C: I need to post an ELI5 because I still don't understand how facebook (I dont use) ads and shit like that caused people to not vote for a particular party. I might have voted for Bernie, I thought he was an honest guy, but the Clinton's, holy fuckaroonies no way I was voting for that scab. Her propping up like she's a female role model after her husband, while president, stuck a cigar in someones 22 yo daughter, ugh, and ruined that girls life by standing by her man. That's why I voted Trump. Had she divorced that rapist and helped that girl, then I wouldn't have such hatred for her. So seriously, what is the sway? And please dont attack, I'm just a 45 yo guy that wants to know the skinny. Thanks and I look forward to replies!
$C: The failing nytimes!
$C: [deleted]
$C: Lmaoo do people believe this shit?
$C: Sway in what direction? Are we essentially saying democracy can't work?
$C: I'm happy for OP making 54 gold but anyone with a brain would know that a president elect would get a briefing on Russia meddling. Why else would so many people be making fun of Trump for not believing them?
$C: if you can sway people whom to vote for its okay imo
$C: So, did Russia hack voting booths or just post a lot of bullshit about Hillary online and convince people to vote for Trump? 
$C: No one is going to read this but I don't know a better place to ask: if the Cia and the Obama Administration knew about this, why didnt/couldn't they do anything before the inauguration? 
$C: Two weeks before his inaguration, Obama was still president. Why isn't Obama in deep shit then?
$C: 67 gold and I can’t even get an upvote. Help me out Russia
$C: If there are texts and emails then why can't we see them? Why can't they show us one single piece of evidence? Literally any time something like this comes out, it's all "he said/she said". You people are absolutely bat shit insane. 
$C: “well, i think we can safely include the campaign as part of the election, no? “

I would say no. An election is a matter of showing up to a poll, and casting a ballot with results to follow. What you choose to sway your opinion through campaign marketing is totally on you. I’ll cover the “bigger plan” in a second.

A good example was the Kurt Cobain meme (Russian ad) on Social media. The picture was of Kurt with an overlaying text saying something along the lines of “I think one day my generation will get sick of these lifelong politicians and elect someone like Donald Trump as crazy as it sounds”.

Some people bought it, as a big Nirvana fan, there is no fucking way in hell Kurt would’ve ever said anything remotely close to that. Majority of these attacks were subtle spam like this, that collectively was pretty widespread. Who did this effect? Independent voters, swing voters, etc. What percentage of those voters casted a ballot based on Russian influence? There isn’t a percentage, and will never be a percentage. You’ll never be able to come up with a ratio that defines which voters were influenced by what ads, and how it affected their decision process. 

Let’s flip this around, and say Hil-Dawg won the election. The campaigns were still meddled, with no actual evidence the electoral process was tampered. Just like the left now, the right would be furious. However it wouldn’t have blown up to this extent (acknowledging that the media generally leans left). So, the campaigns were fucked with from the outside the country-just because you simply win the election doesn’t make you accountable for outside influences, unless you can directly prove said candidate was working directly the influencing source. There’s literally no proof that ties neither Hilary or Trump in connection of meddling. This is nothing more than partisanship.

Back to Trump. He’s asked if he thinks the election was meddled and says “no I don’t believe so”. Flip his answer. What if he said “yes I do believe there was an outside source that swayed the American election”? Him saying that, WOULD NOT hurt him what so ever. If anything, it helps him on a PR platform. If he says yes- you’ve opened up a giant can of worms that can harm an on going investigation which the follow up question will be “what action will you take against those responsible?” Now this thing is an even BIGGER nightmare, and now you’ve turned Russia into an official enemy overnight.

Here’s the thing about Russia. They aren’t an ally, but not an enemy per say. With a relatively fresh world leader, you have to be pretty delicate with how you handle a non enemy and non ally. Meeting with Russian leadership is a peaceful thing to do. Accusing Russia of wrong doing during an ongoing investigation is an irresponsible thing to do, especially in, you know, a country whose principle is “innocent until proven guilty”. This is what leads me to believe there is a bigger picture to unfold. The left wants action ASAP for partisan purposes against the potus. 



$C: [deleted]
$C: Y’all want so bad for this to be the reason he got elected. It’s not. It’s your insane reactionary leftist 4 billion genders, screaming in the streets, acting like women don’t already have MORE rights than men bullshit. Also the electoral college. Russia Russia Russia, funny coming from a lot of people who love the worlds worst (Russian) ideology, Marxism. 
$C: Wow! Sore indeed. First off, let's not pretend you know anything about me--who I voted for or where I stand on Clinton's emails. 

So you actually think the Russians revealed nothing? Did you conveniently forget that Podesta has to step down because of his scandal and that it also cost Debbie Wassermann-Schultz her job? Did you forget that Donna Brazile wrote an entire book about how Clinton stole the election from Bernie, that the DNC was vulnerable to hacks, and how she leaked questions to Clinton before a debate?? And yet, democrats are not outraged by this behavior? Wikileaks revealed that Clinton was a corrupt hypocrite, having public and private stances on issues. She used her position as SoS for personal monetary gain. 

This is the biggest thing being lost with all the Trump hysteria: Hillary Clinton forced the DNC to stifle Sanders as much as possible, despite his growing popularity. She also collided with foreigners to fabricate the Steele dossier. And at the end of her campaign, all she can do now is blame anything or anybody for her loss, except herself. 

I have in no way admitted Clinton didn't conduct illegal activities, but I'm glad you have friends who saw Clinton for what she is. She violated the Federal Records Act when she retained emails from SoS, according to a State Department audit reported by NBC. She violated NARA regulations when she failed to maintain her records for scrutiny by Congress. She also violated Section 1924 of Title 18 when she deleted/retained classified documents to an unauthorized location. All of this and more was swept under the rug in an effort to save her candidacy. She also violated 18 USC 793 when she removed classified information. She obstructed justice when she and her team purposely deleted some 30,000 emails she knew were under congressional subpoena. So, let that sink in, if you can handle the truth. 

I don't think you fully understand what you're asserting. You think Trump is a traitor, without any evidence to support your claim, but justified in your eyes because it confirms your personal and political beliefs. The intelligence community agrees--it has not found any evidence of collision, especially by Trump. The closest anyone has gotten is a few illegal acts or perjury charges against former campaign workers unrelated to any "collision". Only about 2 dozen Russians have been charged with attempting to interfere with our election. Meanwhile, Clinton's actions have been ostensibly proven or factually admitted, but escaped trial, judgment, and jail time. 

I fail to see how I'm bending the knee to Trump by stating facts or how Trump is throwing the US under the bus by arguing for better trade deals for US and asking NATO countries to pony up more for their own defenses. You don't seem to understand much, but are so motivated by hate and vitriol, you need to go on rampant, anti-intellectual rants about your feelings. But go ahead, blame Russia. It's easier that way. 


$C: Since a GOP held Congress will never act against Trump, would we do better to just hope for a military coup? I feel like at least the Pentagon seems more disinclined to be governed by Russia than the GOP does.
$C: If he personally ordered them, where is that mentioned in any indictments?
$C: Obama and his minions also knew of the “Russian Collusion” and did absolutely nothing. So... WTF? How bout dah?!
$C: This article seems fake.

In the case a person who does not have the proper clearance is shown any classified information the possessor of the information would be investigated for disclosing the information to unauthorized personnel. Since the article says this supposed disclosure happened before president Trump's inauguration, then at that time he would not have had any security clearance, let alone a Top Secret clearance.

The fact no one has been charged with disclosing such "highly classified intelligence" to an unauthorized person tells me there's a good chance this story is fabricated.

Source: I'm with the DoD and there's weeks of training you have to go through to touch anything classified.

Secondly, the only proven cases of Russian involvement with the U.S. election were:
A) Purchasing advertisements on Facebook.
B) Hacking the Democratic National Committee's email servers and distributing the information found.
C) Hacking the Hillary Clinton campaign.

None of of which involve Trump. So as of right now he is still an innocent man and should be treated as such until proven guilty.

If there are other proven cases of Russian involvement please feel free to comment them, but please stick to the truth and only report known cases supported by multiple intelligence agencies and not just anything you've seen someone ranting about on your Twitter feed.

(Edit: Fixed a typo and provided clarification)
$C: I've never seen such a mass case of denial than those who just simply can't accept Trump won this election, with an overwhelming landslide electoral victory.


$C: Huh. Then why did Pres Obama order a stand down order against cyber attacks? 
https://www.yahoo.com/news/obama-cyber-chief-confirms-stand-order-russian-cyberattacks-summer-2016-204935758.html
$C: They made Facebook groups oh my!
$C: [deleted]
$C: SHOW PROOF. Still no one can give me a line of code that Russia flipped one vote. Unreal! 
$C: Ok, not one source named. No documents proving any of this. I have no problem believing it. I just want proof of this and all these sources to be tangible. Otherwise this is nothing. 
$C: You cant hack an election. You can hack into someone's campaign to try and sway the campaign. But you cant hack an election. 
$C: If the Americans have emails and txts from the Russians doesn't that mean they hacked them.

Everyone hacks everyone especially around elections stop trying to look for someone to blame for Donald Trump accept the people that voted for Donald Trump.

Everyone is so afraid of blaming people, the media don't want to blame people because they consume their advertisements, politicians don't want to blame people because people vote for them.

Everyone knows someone who voted for Trump but you don't want to hate the person that you know, so it's better to hate trump or Putin or the system. 
$C: And Germany did the same for Hillary, I promise you.

What do you think she needed classified information for? That's currency where money is meaningless.

Why do you think the Internet bleeds Blue? Coincidence? Just smarter?
$C: The Russians did not sway the election. The indictments Rosenstein handed out explained that point. What the Russians do is get involved in sowing discord. Designed to effect attitudes, specifically designed to create discord against the losers. 

Our own FBI director said so. He was told two weeks before he was elected that Putin ordered cyber attacks. This isn’t a bombshell. We still have not seem the evidence of any votes being manipulated or changed once so ever. Just random unidentifiable sources saying so.
$C: At first I thought, how can people seriously believe millions of people would make their vote dependent on some information the russians drop. Then I looked at reddit and saw how the masses eat up the stuff the media is shitting on their table without a second thought. Well better to take your votes away then alltogether. Rational thought does not seem to be wide spread.
$C: It says two weeks before INAUGURATION, not two weeks before ELECTION DAY.

Christ, 80k upvotes and 34 golds on a reminder that the Obama administration tried to shame Trump into giving up his victory.

Bots are hitting HARD. Holy shit.
$C: The guys president just get over it already for fucks sake I'm sick of hearing about this shit!!!! Accept the goddamn fucking fact and move on people
$C: So this proves that Trump had nothing to do with any alleged election interference. **He did not know of any swaying** (if there were any) by the Russians because this was well past the election that he found out. Even in the less than 1% chance there was any tampering by Russia, Trump had absolutely nothing to do with it and so there is no case against him. 


$C: During that same election year, WikiLeaks proved the DNC was approving stories and articles published by CNN as well as emails proving the DNC supported Hillary Clinton over Bernie Sanders.

This sh** goes both ways
$C: [deleted]
$C: Three things. 

First. A complex cyber attack? You mean Facebook ads right? Just say Facebook ads. We know you mean Facebook ads. Facebook ads aren’t illegal btw. 

Second. So now all of a sudden we just believe what the cia say? Because they’ve just been sooooooo honest and moral straight for the last 50 years. Yup. You can definitely rely on spying agencies to tell the truth and they never have hidden agendas. 

Third. If the election was swayed then it happened while Obama was in office. Are you all really prepared to say that Obama is responsible for this or not?
$C: I’m glad Hillary’s emails were hacked. People needed to know how badly they fucked Bernie over. 
$C: I bet Obsma got that information during his years as President. It didnt happen over night right? So what did Obama do about it?
$C: To me it just seems like people want off the hook for Trump being elected. "See we didn't lose, Russia made us vote for him!" The US influences elections all over the world and you're surprised other countries try to do it to us?  Amused to see if this leads to anything. My bet is it won't, but it'll make people feel better because they can blame Trump on Russia.
$C: Russia didn't win Trump the election, Hillary did. Unless there's an improvement, Trump will win again. Can't be the better guys if you have a corrupt entitled person as the face of your party. Then you're the same as your opposition.
$C: My pockets are doing pretty well since he's taken office. Never once did I say the left is my enemy. All I'm saying is hold all president accountable when in office, not just this one. People let past presidents get away with heinous actions with no consequences, but now it's trump in office so let's crucify him for everything. 
$C: Obama didn’t stop it????
$C: The 'sway' was revealing that Hillary Clinton and the DNC had colluded to rig the primaries. How is this going over everyone's head?
$C: [deleted]
$C: [deleted]
$C: So basically all of you are trusting a "top secret source close to Putin". Oh God the irony here...
$C: By the same people who produced the fake dossier?
$C: Democrats are the worst loosers. Get over it. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: Just accept it!!! You lost
$C: Let's not forget about 50% of us voted for him and and an even higher percentage of our representatives put him in office.
$C: Why didn't they show Obama. 
$C: More reddit cheerleading America's demise 
$C: What this headline means to me is that they showed some evidence but it wasn’t convincing. If this is even true. Sorry, we just aren’t going to believe you when you say evidence exists. There was “evidence” of WMDs in Iraq, too. How’d that turn out?
$C: Ok, I am not American, but arent some of policies leading to creating new jobs due to the new factories being built? How is that a bad thing? 
And how him wanting peace with Russia can be a bad thing?
$C: [deleted]
$C: That would be around the same time then president Obama claimed no rigging of the election was possible and Trump should just accept his fate. https://www.bbc.com/news/av/election-us-2016-37697441/stop-whining-obama-blasts-trump-vote-rigging-claim
$C: This means that Obama knew too and lied on TV when he said there wasn’t any Russian interference, election wasn’t rigged, and told Trump to stop whining.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Question for the American redditers: why is it such a big deal?

It’s not like the US has never tampered with foreign elections (and by tampered I mean provide military ressources to rebel extremists and completely fuck up a country).

It seems Russia exploited an American technology (the Internet) to influence your elections. I find it smart. At least this didn’t kill innocent people.

So why must it be condemned exactly? What do the American people expect from Trump?

Sorry if my post seems naive or uninformed, I’m just wondering why my reddit front page is filled with these news lately.
$C: Bull shit. The New York Times is a mouthpiece for the CIA. This is literally propaganda.

And guess what? I’m not a Trump supporter. I didn’t vote for him. It doesn’t even matter who the president is people. Wake up!
$C: I don't get it. The DNC got exposed for rigging their election, and I'm supposed to be mad at Russia for that? 
$C: And yet, the Clinton mafia still lost.   
$C: This whole story is worthless liberal bullshit. No substance just false narrative by the left. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: Keep wasting your lives complaining. On your headstone it can say “Hated Donald Trump”. Everyone will come from miles to see it and pay their respects. 
$C: Wait so the tampering was still just releasing emails about DNC secrets? Huh, so all the Russians did was revealed the truth. I still remember the day it leaked that the DNC rigged the primary against my man Bernie. Immediately fingers pointed at Russia. How about we blame our corrupt officials that cheated instead of the people that outed them? Good on Russia for revealing the DNC to be snakes.
$C: Lol Murcia butt hurt when someone interferes with their elections
$C: If anyone thinks this really swayed the election, and not the shittiness of the corporate-sponsored candidates, I got a bridge that goes to Brooklyn I can sell you 
$C: Are people actually still following this witch hunt nonsense? To call this an echo chamber of absolute garbage would be a massive understatement. Get a grip on reality folks.
$C: Ahahahaha!!! So what you're saying is: "Obama knew about it two weeks before Trumps inauguration and did nothing about, even though he was still president at the time, like the little moist bitch that he always is.
$C: Why didn't Obama do anything about it?... Still not collusion lol
$C: Public elections are held before the first Wednesday in December. Inauguration is January 20th.....
$C: Complex cyberattacks = Facebook ads.
$C: Isn’t this normal operating procedure ? Has the US not medaled in others elections ? Have those leaders not cozied up to the US ? Wasn’t that goal of our willful interference with another country’s alleged voting process ? Why are we surprised ? What does trump do even if this is true ? Step down because Russian trolls also hated Hilary ? Hand the presidency to Pence ? Do you all realize Pence would be much worse than Trump ? 
$C: Not really that complex they flooded Fox News cnn and gallop polls with Pro Hillary votes. Dems are lazy by nature and if it’s already been called by a poll why come out and vote?
$C: Wasn’t it proven that the sway was toward the Democratic Party though not the Republican Party... 
$C: Not a trump supporter, but in this case what if he needed to keep what he knew a secret for reasons we dont know of yet. Maybe he wants to pretend russia and us are cool to let russia's gaurd down or to manipulate putin into doing something that would benefit us. Not every bit of information the government gets is or should just be thrown to the public. I mean he totally could be a lying traitor, but its just as niave as to assume hes a man attempting to protect the people that are hating him. Im just saying i think theres not enough information to dive into this pure Love/Hatred of his actions on this matter. 

Ya'll needa calm down bruh, damn
$C: I’m doubling down for the rebound. This is not new or news, the president is always privy to information the general public is not and he’s gone on record stating the Russians did meddle, as did other countries, infact the US has meddled in more elections than we can count. He gets so much shit for these words while they are true and he has said them multiple times on record and on camera. 
He just has an ego problem and an issue separating meddling from colluding sure, but I refuse to allow a statement to detract from the positive policy changes he is instituting. 
Donny Trump 2020
 
$C: > Two weeks before his inauguration, Donald J. Trump was shown highly classified intelligence indicating that President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia had personally ordered complex cyberattacks to sway the 2016 American election.

And how do you know that when by it's very nature it's "highly classified intelligence", so how do you know he even got it let alone what it contained?

This is the sum total of conjecture, axiomatic arguments and circumstantial evidence. None of this is shown in good faith and the creators of this are intentionally misrepresenting THE FUCKING PRESIDENT... AND FOR PROFIT NO LESS.

This is fake news.

Each of the people trying to point out supporting evidence can only find self referential media articles and heavily interpreted press releases..

And worse, not a one of you is making note of this.
$C: Jesus Christ that amount of gold this post got.

Is this verified? How do we know that this is not propaganda to further divide the US?
$C: Meanwhile, the DNC swayed its own primary and nobody cares. 

Hilary lost, sorry, and I'm quite sure it was more because she was the worst presidential candidate in US history (Trump being a solid #2--pun intended).
$C: Not supporting trump here but is there any evidence of them actually tampering with voting results beyond influencing people? Because to me it just seems like a publicity campaign against Clinton and not much else
$C: lmao reddit is so anti trump it pains me, im not a giant supporter of his charachter or all the stupid things he has said i never even supported him during the election, but everyone who has been too poisoned by the idea that Trump is some sort of tyrannical mega-hitler to see all the good he is doing, all of the things people complain about trump doing was more so present in the obama admi istration(bombings, deportations,executive actions) and i have always respected obama, its just that trump has been painted as such a terrorist that everything he does is bad in some peoples eyes, he has done a lot of good aswell!(mending relations with north Korea, unemployment rate, stock market etc.), he is not perfect by any means! but isnt the end of the world either! i encourage people to watch Obamas speech about trump after he was elected and find a new sense of patriotism that allows for consideration of each other as more than just political opponents but rather as people bonded together by a love for our freedoms and this great country that affords them.
$C: That's our President! Bringing the truth directly to the American people!
GOD BLESS THIS MAN!
TRUMP 2020!
KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
$C: Look at Americans losing their shit about election meddling :)))))))))
$C: America kinda deserves this considering all the coup shit the CIA has pulled. But damn, it sucks to live through it.
$C: I’m still so confused as to how “Russians” were capable of making me believe Trump was the better candidate. If anyone has any evidence of how that played out, please let me know because I find it incredibly baffling.
$C: Russia made Hillary collapse on national TV at the 9/11 memorial in NYC on 9/11.
$C: How exactly did they "sway" the election. What exactly is it that they did precisely that "swayed" the election.

BTW sway is such a broad and vague term I'm giving you a hell of a lot of leeway here. 
$C: Two weeks before this story the media used the word Russia and meddling together for the millionth time.
$C: So what I read is “it’s illegal for anyone besides the US to favor foreign policy and only when a president who is in that isn’t apart of the team” 
$C: Happened on Obamas watch then still right? Yeah. It's amazing how that fact keeps gettimg omitted to smear a person.
$C: So this all centers around "proof" of the DNC email hack being done by Russia. 

...so why doesn't the media ever talk about the content of those emails anymore? Because if Clinton and the DNC hadn't had shady, borderline illegal stuff in their email none of this would matter. 

Honestly I'm glad the DNC emails got released, regardless of who released them.
$C: Trump is trying to tamp down all our wars and the establishment is up in arms about ‘Russia meddling’. What a coinkydink. There’s no profit with peace. Get him out!!!
$C: And still, no one has found evidence of a single vote changed, anyone being denied a vote or the election results changed. 
$C: We all know Russia interfered, that's no mystery. But what was Trump supposed to say, "the only reason I won is because Putin interfered"? That would've been political suicide and then the left would've thought Trump was in on it. I guess I'm curious what Trump was supposed to do and why this is big news? 
$C: Eh, still better than Hillary.
$C: The Media has been lying straight to your faces for 2 years(longer).

If they had all this back then what was the special counsel appointed to do?

OH I know, conflate the events to hurt Trump politically.

EDIT: People would rather downvote me than even try to prove me wrong.


$C: He was also shown a bullshit dossier produced by the Democrats that said he paid hookers to pee on a bed in Moscow. Can’t imagine why he might be skeptical? 
$C: You guys are all clowns. Jumping at every lame story that the media writes on the possibility of evidence that might lead to trumps guilt to something.  Anything.  This is the same media thats been wrong on basically everything in the last 3 years.  Every prediction of doom because of some basic decision trump made was wrong or found to be tweaked to follow their storyline.  This is the same media that calls trump thin skinned and corrupt while leading all you fools into a 2 year goose chase for something thats not there because he called them fake.  Go and watch the wolf blitzer and rand paul interview and youll basically get a taste of the media in the last 3 years.  You guys are clowns.

$C: [deleted]
$C: Trumps half way through his term and the sheep cant accept that he won fair and square,fuck off morons
$C: Is it impeachment worthy yet, boys? I mean now you can literally tell that he has been lying under oath.
$C: Big, if true.
$C: Are we watching the buildup to World War 3?
$C: at the very least, trump, or someone on his behalf or interest, paid the russians to assist trump in his election.

at the very worst, he has always been an agent for someone else and is a traitor.

somewhere in the middle is a big fucking idiot being played for the fool he is.

out of all this, it is evident that what we need is campaign finance reform. in all of this fallout, the NRA being allowed to conceal its donors means we are not only learning nothing from this ordeal, but that other corrupted interests are still damaging our system
$C: USA, what are you gonna do about it?
$C: the most illegitimate united states president in the history of presidents. in the history of history! 
$C: Everyone, you won't sway the millions that voted against crooked Hillary and the biased FBI and anyone involved in the witch hunt. DJT won the election easily and there is no reason that Putin would interfere with our election process, he was very strong saying this. /s

But seriously, I think Americans will have to force resolve through mass peaceful protests at the WH. As long as the government chooses to maintain inaction (Mueller day won't come soon enough), that means we have to hit them in 2 places: votes and pocket book. 

Stop buying from companies that support the right (trying to stay neutral but it's hard) and begin organizing protests to get this compromised president impeached. 

edit: changed 'guys' to 'everyone'
$C: They shouldn’t show Trump any intelligence as he himself shows none.
$C: So scumbag... we gotcha. The police are gonna track your ass down.. and guess what? Haha gotcha. Thanks for letting us know who you were. And google is all over your IP address, you’re dead MOOSE MEAT, and after they disclose who you are.. I'll send my boiz to come see you.
$C: I'm sure Russia hacked or attempted to hack what they have been accused of but all of the evidence that has been presented has been circumstantial. 

This info is probably based off of an informant much like the entire Iraq wmd   situation was based off of one informant "curveball"
$C: Only if they showed this to the public before the election...
$C: So can someone please tell me what the cyberattacks are? Are we still talking about the Democrat email hack? 
$C: and of course, as always, nothing will happen
$C: No one is questioning why these guys are no longer there and who previously installed them... 
$C: [TRE45ON](https://www.redbubble.com/people/shirtfully/works/33037906-tre45on?asc=u)
$C: How exactly would Russia sway voters anyways? Are we talking about people who are good with Photoshop making funny memes or something? 
$C: So Russia meddling happened and he either didn’t collude but his ego wont let him admit he didn’t win on his own or he did collude and he’s a traitor.  It’s kinda hard to decide which is worse.
$C: Wonderful article, now all they need to do is reference a source and were good. Otherwise, this is still the unfounded sensationalist bullshit that gets posted here every other month. Who am I kidding, of course they don't have a source, because they can't reference "my ass" as a source.
$C: ThErEs No PrOoF oF cOlLuSiOn
$C: Classic Trump
$C: Sure they tried, but I don’t think their shit posting swing grandmas on Pennsylvania. 
$C: I really hope Mueller is buying time until after the midterms so we’ll get a Congress who will actually impeach once he lets the damning evidence and indictments out.
$C: Is this it? Is this the end? I want it to be. I want to believe. 
$C: Unreal. There's a reason I learned Swedish: to get out of this country. Now I hear about bad things happening in Sweden. If anyone knows a country with great internet, stuff like this doesn't happen,  and it's affordable, please let me know. 
$C: TR45SON
$C: Every time he's tweeted, "witch hunt" it was obstruction of justice.
$C: This is not normal.  This is not okay. 
$C: Trump knew all of this from the very start. It seems impossible now to think that he is anything but compromised. He was warned by the Obama administration towards the end, he was warned by the CIA, he was warned by pretty much everyone about the threat of the russians. And now with this report we know for a fact that the U.S government knew the attacks would be coming directly from the Russian government. And despite all of this, Trump did nothing to stop and it and hes actually defending Russia now. Hes a traitor people, its the only answer left
$C: #sway

$C: I'm tired of all these headlines. It's been months of Russia and people knew about it. Now what are we gonna do about it?
$C: Have we got to the part where the Antifa Brownshirts start committing serious crimes?
$C: You cants sway the United states vote, omg you cant hack the election...  even Obama said so..
$C: Wouldnt that be consistent with the theory that obama knew about this as well and consistently hid it from the public by trying to humiliate trump for insinuating it was happening? In fact it looks as though he condoned it because the DNC was sure Clinton would win.
$C: So what did the president at the time do about it? 
$C: And?
$C: So, is anyone planning to protest? 

It baffles me how he can do what he does without people protesting in the streets on a regular basis. 
$C: Let me guess, the same intelligence agencies showed him these documents are the same ones that have lied all these years? 
$C: So the Russians interfered in the elections in favor of whom exactly? Do we know that?
$C: This is nice and all but I would’ve liked to have seen actual texts and emails and stuff. Anyone can say something, but it’s something else to have proof of it
$C: You should put him in a peach!
$C: [deleted]
$C: Ok sorry for my ignorance. I'm not american so this doesn't affect me as directly as others. But for months now this kind of stuff has been constant "news".

Why? What does it matter? Nothing seems to happen anyways. Or did I miss something?

It's like "Hey your presidential election was actually manipulated by a foreign nation." ... "Yeah we know. It's fine really"

WTF is this? Why is nothing happening? Why are people still reporting it?
$C: You know the Chinese do this everyday, right? Cyber attacks and intrusion. 
$C: Eli5: why does it matter if Russia swayed the election when the public vote doesn't mean anything and its up to electoral college?  
$C: This post is getting so much gold but can this get gold?
$C: sounds like an advertisement for cybersecurity. How have we not moved on from this yet? I'm concerned about how many Russians we're killing in Syria.
$C: [deleted]
$C: If they're highly classified, why are they in the news now?
$C: I think we lose sight in all of this that Obama did absolutely nothing.  He didn't want to play the bad guy and leave that stain for Clinton to clean up so he did nothing which is patently worse.  

if this is the same information that McConnell decided to go against releasing then he is just as complicit in treason.  Knowing the election was tainted and going along with it. 
$C: Why is this news right now? Don’t we all know that Trump knew for a long time and he is just lying? 
$C: Solution: Unite the USA under a single moderate party 'The Great American Rollercoaster Party" ;)
$C: What cyber attacks? Like on what website if they are so complex and worth Millions why didn’t I or anybody I know see them and I live in the democrat capital of California 
$C: Well no shit!  We already know this.    He’s been lying all along and idiot American does give a fuck.   Facts don’t matter.   People form a tribe and have zero ability to think on their own.  
$C: And we personally ordered attacks to sway their elections who gives a shit?
$C: And still the undisputed......
$C: The President, Vice President and all civil Officers of the United States, shall be removed from Office on Impeachment for, and Conviction of, Treason, Bribery, or other high Crimes and Misdemeanors.

Standards for Impeachment - The Heritage ...

https://www.heritage.org › articles › essays


$C: Why are people in this country still against voter ID laws? I can't imagine anything at all solidifying my belief in voter ID laws more than an election actually being "swayed" by a foreign entity.
$C: [removed]
$C: Oh another top secret source. 

For sure the truth then. 

Edit: I can’t see your response for some reason but what you’re saying doesn’t make any sense. So what you’re saying is it wasn’t a secret they were doing this. Yet our president at the time laughed at the idea that Russia (anyone) could hack the election. Funny how he knew yet got directly involved and muddied the waters as well. Innocent people don’t do that. 
$C: I wish I had one of those 54 gold stars. 
$C: What's the source of this info? Can't see it in the article.
$C: I just wish everybody on the left could just be happy again 
$C: By cyber attacks... do you mean memes? Because people keep saying cyber attacks and hacking but don't really explain any further.
$C: I don't have puppet bosses and you can't think for yourself.
$C: 61 gold 


What the hell 
$C: The question is , did Russia meddling in the election helped him get elected ? If the answer is yes, then his behaviour is just representive of his personality 
$C: The Donald is our leader! Disclosure is imminent and this man will lay the ground work for it
$C: Honest question here, if this was discovered prior to inauguration, was this not showed to Obama?  I have a hard time believing he wouldn’t have taken action with knowledge of that.  

Edit: Figures I’d be downvoted for asking a question.  That’s what I get for wondering a reasonable thing.  
$C: Holy botted post batman
$C: Again, i ask: Do news like this have any tangible effect ?
$C: Well shit OP could I get some gold too?
$C: How many links for gold?
$C: How many links for gold?
$C: [deleted]
$C: You have to realize something. What would trump gain by showing russia that he knows and condemns the cyber attacks? He would put us exactly where Obama had us, bickering with the second most powerful country in the world, instead of befriending them so that real change can occur. What do you expect Russia would do if he acknowledged it? Condemn them? Then Russia would continue on as they had, nothing gained but mutual distrust. 
 
Now, I'm not saying just let them do as they please and damn the consequences. But if we give up our hand on exactly what we know they've done, they're more likely to know how we know. The best course is to monitor, and defend against future breaches and attacks. 

Also, of course Russia wanted Trump to win. Putin strongly dislikes Hillary, and her being elected would have caused a strong divide between us. I, personally, don't think Trump is the best President. But I believe he is leaps and bounds better than what Hillary would have been. 
$C: [removed]
$C: This whole post and its comments are cringy AF.
$C: Yes. To Sway it to Clintons side.
$C: Why does it matter. Politics is a joke anyways. They are all just playing the long game.

Would Hillary really have been any better with all of her dishonesty and slimy bs?

We haven't had honesty in politics since the dawn of politics......

So. Benghazi or Russian Facebook ads...we need to dissolve the office of the president. Replace it with a computer that takes votes directly from the people.

Just remember.. if we impeach the Cheeto we will have a religious nutjob pence for president...
$C: Totally organic upvotes and gold. No manipulation here. What a joke.
$C: If this were true, they would have stopped him from being inaugurated right? I mean them having the information at that time should have been evidence enough to completely redo an election or give Obama a 3rd term at the least yeah?
$C: and then Trump pulled out an IOU receipt to show how much it cost him, not to brag, just to show how huge (yooj) the bill was.  One of the biggest receipts of all time, you know that.
$C: So did Obama I'm assuming, and he didn't do anything about either

EDIT: Just to clarify, if Trump knew about it, Obama definitely did, and Trump wasn't president yet, what was he supposed to do? Drop out? No, Trump had no power, he wasn't president yet, this is on Obama, he should of taken action.
$C: [deleted]
$C: [deleted]
$C: #Still no evidence Russia changed the outcome of the election in Trumps favor.

Basically they're saying that information from Russia might have changed some peoples opinions, but they have no way to quantify where, who, for whom, or how many votes.

Unfortunately, or fortunately if you appeal to idiots, is that part of Democracy is that any idiot can vote on any information at all; right or wrong, ignorant or not, true or false. 
$C: hahah 18 gold for another interchangeable anti-Trump piece. Listen I hate Trump as much as anyone, but unless his opponents start to focus on actual issues such as creating jobs, immigration and trade they are never going to get anywhere. I've already started tuning out the details on stories like these, and I suspect the same is true for the majority of voters. No one cares about Russia. 

My understanding is that basically Trump didn't toe the liberal line during his meeting with Putin and the media has gone bananas. It's tiring and people are just going to start ignoring the details more and more the more hysteria there is.
$C: But keep in mind all the investigations have shown that there is actually 0 proof it swayed the election.
$C: Cant stand it anymore. Stupid russophobia take one sub after another. Unfortunatelly Reddit turned itself to "one opinion" outlet.
$C: Yep. On both sides -- both DNC and RNC candidates where tampered with. Both sides were hacked. That's the truth.

Two weeks before inauguration...so he could have done what? Nothing. "Sway the 2016 American election.." -- I highly doubt (and yes, that is my opinion, not fact) the impact of these cyberattacks changed anything.
$C: democrats will never win as long as they keep talking about Russia, they keep throwing themselves further and further into irrelevancy. they need to find a new angle to approach everything from
$C: Oops, looks like Shareblue blew all their gildings on accident.
$C: Why its so difficult to find a news away from Trump-Putin matter? Maybe Im the only one sickening of it 
$C: Are you happy now, Libruls?? You got him. Donald Trump can't read. Maybe instead of shaming him, we should be praising his akomplishments.
$C: Go ahead American people. Word war 3 because your president withholds classified information from the public. 

Do we live in the same world ffs? Intelligence agencies of USA, Russia, China and everyone who matters does shit like this. I can't believe most of you need to be told that in the fucking news to acknowledge what's going on. 

Trump is saying whatever he's got to say to cover his ass and to prevent ww3 from starting.  What the he'll you want him to do regardless of whether there was interference or not? His in the middle of talks with Russia to form some sort of alliance against China. Idiots. 
$C: Isn’t this the same intelligence agency that suggest Sadham had WMDs?

My point is these can be fake!
$C: Uh, meddling in elections in order to sew chaos is what Russians do.  This isn't the first time, and it won't be the last.  The US often has attempted to influence election results in other countries.  Obama's (failed) attempt to see that Bibi lost his recent election is one very obvious example.  We have our own cyber force, and it's used to advance our interests, too.

What's going on here is that Trump won.  He beat a candidate that was expected to win, mostly by out-working her.  He was everywhere, sleeping three hours a night, having multiple rallies, and generally working his seventy-year old ass off.  His opponent wasn't campaigning on weekends, didn't outreach to people and worked as if she was entitled to the job.

To complicate matters, there is solid evidence that the Obama administration inexplicably told our cyber-defense to stand down. 

Trump's efforts resulted in his victory.  It wasn't Putin's efforts that put Trump in the White House.  Democrats need to blame their losses on something other than themselves and their tired promises of a state-provided utopia, so Putin fits their purposes.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Another hit peace with no facts. Democrats have lost their mind, and will shit their pants until 2024!


The investigation has not come to any conclusion so everyone is just speculating. 


This narrative that Russia meddles with US elections is god’s gift to any nation that wants to meddle themselves. Just pay Ivan to setup some servers and SSH into them from the comfort of their Chinese office and start meddling. Then the *security* experts look and see “ip from Russia, THIS IS EVIDENCE!!!”. 


There’s not a single fact or evidence that Putin is behind this. However, and I’m surprised this is NEVER talked about, Palmer Lucky, the guy who sold Oculus to Facebook for billions, said “hey, I like these anti Clinton memes. Look, I’m rich, so here’s a bunch of money, just keep making memes”. So it’s just a rich guy paying for anti Hillary memes, not Putin with his research agency.


ENJOY THE BOOMIN RED HOT ECONOMY (or keep crying for 6 more years, your choice)
$C: If true, So what should he have done, drop out?  

We still voted for his agenda, deal with it. 
$C: America voted in Trump and deserve to be stuck with him. Stop worrying about Russia, they didn’t force us to elect this guy. Don’t grasp at straws trying to impeach Trump, elect someone better next time.
$C: U stupid fucks just need any kind of bogeyman to make u feel justified in hating Trump. The dude is just conducting diplomacy with foreign states and trying to have good relations rather than being involved in a major conflict. more that we can say about Obama and Bush. The left use to want  world peace until the guy TRYING IT had an “R” after his name.  it’s your own propaganda that will insure his re-election 
$C: Lol. What fucking retards have guilded this 34 times? Reddit is so dumb.
$C: [deleted]
$C: [deleted]
$C: [deleted]
$C: Who gives a fuck? Enough with this Russian bullshit. I dont give a fuck about the president. Just get it over with JFC.
$C: Bring on the downvotes, but wasn't Obama still president when these meddling happened?

It's weird that we blame Donald for the elections debacle, but not the man who was in charge at that time. 
$C: 7 gold in the last 2 minutes. This is so astroturfed.
$C: Another day another highly upvoted & gilded anti-trump post.

This sub is supposed to be World News yet the front page is 95% anti trump articles, go back a couple months and it was nothing like this! Seems like the sub has now been bought and paid for just like /r/politics.

If you want to talk about swaying an election and shilling maybe take a look at some of these Reddit subs!
$C: [removed]
$C: Happens under Obama... Trump's fault...?
$C: PLEASE EVERYONE, STOP ACTING SO F ING EMOTIONAL. EVERY SECRET GOVERNMENT AGENCY FROM EACH WORLD SUPER POWER DOES THIS!!! We "cyber attack" other nations elections just the same as theirs to ours. These agencies do secret stuff all the time. It's no different then the ad campaigns of from each candidate, whether they come from some nerds basement in here or accross the world its the same. Bottom line, as long as Russia didn't change the votes themselves, then end of discussion, quit being a sour puss and except defeat. Move on, move on so you can start supporting our country and again cut out the emotion so you can think logically. 
$C: Would this be an issue if Hillary won? would she use it as a reason to go to war with russia or would she toss it aside because who cares right? you won. Her campaign was complete dog shit, the dnc is complete dog shit and the democrats are complete dog shit. Using Russian fucking hackers as a scape goat tells me they dont give a damn about actually connecting with their base or improving this weak ass leadership. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: [deleted]
$C: Let's be honest here, the Russian "swaying" of votes was minimal at best. The only thing they did was provide echo chambers for (far) right opinions. If the public opinion can be that easily swayed towards a candidate that is being portrayed as a simpleton, you deserve to have a simpleton as your president.
If the DNC hadn't screwed over Bernie Sanders, there would have been a decent alternative for Trump an we wouldn't be having this discussion.
$C: And of course the NY Times knows everything about this "highly classified intelligence"? I would say it is highly likely this is total BS.
$C: I heard the US interfered in a few elections around the globe, am I wrong?
$C: Someone enlighten me - Dems screwed themselves after Russians exposed DNC for obvious corruption. Later on, Russians do some fuckery with social media to prop up Donald Trump and possible business deals. Big questions - how big of a deal is this? Honestly. American politics are a disaster on a federal level. Trump is a very small issue to a much much larger one. Let's see what supreme court thinks but if he gets impeached what changes? I'll tell you right now, our corrupt system wont. 

In summary: Dems focused too much on Trump being insensitive and not on the salient corruption throughout our American political system.
$C: What a vague title
$C: Much ado about nothing.
$C: Lol, nobody cares.
$C: Hillary lost get over it. 

Sincerely 
The World
$C: I think that Democrats sacrifice economic opportunity and economic prosperity for identity politics and minority issues far too often, which is an issue for educated voters, but they also fail to underestimate how awful and annoying the left has become as a whole. Whatever goodwill and good points they have are completely lost in the vitriol and garbage that they spew. Trump is just crappy America saying shove it, we all lose, but these people have been losing forever so what does it matter to them. As a white male, it’s all pretty hilarious....for now.
$C: Shouldn't the millions of illegals voting be considered far worse than anything Russian trolls could have done? 
$C: Obama already knew about them, nothing was done about it. Think about who this incriminates
$C: I have a feeling that OP and the majority of upvotes and comments are from russian propagandists. 
$C: As a trump supporter, here are my thoughts:

First off, even as a trump supporter, I'm not blind to many of his shortcomings. The biggest of all is his character and his ego. Let's not kid ourselves, this dudes wealthy af and wealthy people are disconnected from the reality of the common folk. That said I believe he tries his best to appease to the working man. In fact the majority of the reason I support him is because I firmly believe in conservative values and personal responsibility. 

This russia thing has really shown the division of the current political atmosphere. Absolutely no nuance is allowed apparently. Yes, Russia did try and interfere, the degree to which is likely very little. No I don't believe Donald trump colluded with Russia, what's there to gain from this? Yes I know the Russians helped both sides. No I don't think Donald trump was in the right to appease Putin in the past couple of days, definitely took an L here. 

This all amounts to me not budging from my support of trump. The media  has helped me not budge with all the boy who cried wolf hysteria. Their absolute hatred for trump must mean he's doing something right, so I stand by my president. Any nuanced or curious liberals who want to know more about a (I believe reasonable) trump supporter's thoughts ask away!
$C: so emails of hilary clinton's wromgdoing were made public and that is how russia (MAYBE SOURCE NEEDED) swayed the entire election?

another zinger by the NYT, it seems like mainstream media is trying as hard as it can to destroy its credibility.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Fake news. Trump isn't allowed to see real intelligence reports. New York times upper management is mockingbird assets. Want proof? Sorry, its highly classified.
$C: So... let me get this right. Per this article... we are upset that Russia revealed secret DNC emails that showed the public who Hillary, Podesta, and co. really were and that swayed the election. Thats it? 

(Obviously not including tampering with our electric grid, thats a different issue.)
$C: When will people ever understand that Russia saved everyone's ass... here's an example of what could've happend if Hilary won: Hilary orders no-fly zone over the middle-east, the middle-east is full of resources so pretty much everyone is pissed, Putin or another presiden of high impact orders to dissmiss the N-FZ, Hilary doesn't listen, WW3 starts...
$C: It’s interesting how you assumed that I’m a ‘Liberal’.. I’m not even American. My political views don’t match with either side of this, not fully. I look at your political establishment and I pity both sides and how you see yourself as opponents in a war.

Furthermore, I didn’t just define Trump derangement syndrome - you’re wrong. I just see how many Trump supporters struggle to match reality with what Trump says is the case, and I call it what it is. I actually hate when I see a post that upon a little further research is obvious that actually Trump did nothing wrong, or when something he has done is blown out of all proportion - which by the way is much closer to this ‘Trump derangement syndrome’ you refer to. What this post boils down to though, along with all of the other evidence, is that in the case of his supposed collusion with Russia it’s far more likely right now that he did than didn’t.

I look forward to your reply :) 
$C: [link](http://www.nytimes.com/2017/06/21/us/politics/jeh-johnson-testimony-russian-election-hacking.amp.html)
$C: lol
$C: What comes after light treason? Asking for a friend.
$C: Read Comey's book; that's all I have to say. Just fucking read it or download it on audible. He doesn't even get to Trump until the later chapters. 
$C: I blame red necks
$C: Okay, so if this is true, how has he been lying? What has he done wrong? The article says he was given highly classified information that Russia meddled with the election. This doesn’t mean collusion at all. And if it’s highly classified, would it not be illegal for him to announce this highly classified information publicly? 
$C: [deleted]
$C: If there was hacking they occurred while Obama was president - he did not do anything. Why? You know why.
$C: NO COLUZION. 33,000 EMAILS. WHERES THE SERVER?
$C: At the end of the day he would have been elected anyway since he still lost the popular vote.
$C: As long as Elizabeth Warren, Makala and Bernie are the face of the Democratic Party, trump will win in a landslide in 2020.
$C: To think.....if Hillary Clinton only made a single campaign stop in crucial swing states like Wisconsin, she would have been president right now....so sad...so sad
$C: I hate trump... but russia did not create the electoral college or tell over 100 million eligible voters to not cast their vote.  trump won because the American election system is fucked and a large portion of it's citizens don't care. 
$C: Putin/Russia backed both of trump and Hillary. A house divided will fall.
$C: And random internet people paid a corporation money just because this post exists.  What in the actual fuck is going through your head? Good job making a difference by liking (and paying money to do so) A POST.
$C: If it was so highly classified, why was it released?
$C: Sure. They all suck. Some may be better. But they all sort of suck.
$C: Lol. Djt is so stupid man. Billionaire business man president would be tricked. I feel so sad. Hoping Hillary gets elected as the first honest president please god 
$C: I'm so confused by this. Does our intelligence know if trump is guilty of crimes? If so how do you show him this information? If not what does that mean about trumps guilt? 
$C: Wow, what a number of gold stars. Isn't this wonderful, folks? So Tremendous. 
$C: What are the odds Trump filled Putin in on that highly classified info?
$C: Sure he was. He also likes to get pissed on lol
$C: Back In the day , they had pilots wear gorilla masks when flying experimental aircraft so that if anyone saw them , they would think it was a gorilla flying a UFO, and not even China or Russia would believe the story. 

Now every other headline is “classified this or classified that”......
$C: I'm seriously confused, why did Obama say there was no meddling?
$C: By every minute i see another 1k upvotes.
All cyber warriors but no ground action?
$C: Was that before or after the CIA showed him the video of the 2nd shooter in Dallas?
$C: [removed]
$C: Sooooooo why didn't obama do anything?
$C: And again, no concrete evidence given. A nice fancy article without sources. Again.
$C: [removed]
$C: [deleted]
$C: Unless it was changing votes at the ballot this doesn't matter. Trump still has an approval rating of around 43%. Trump aside, why would any American support the intelligence agencies, if they are making trump their enemy, that to me seems like a good thing. They went after Martin Luther king, malcolm x, JFK etc. Of FUCKING COURSE Russia wanted Trump to win. Hillary was talking about inforcing a no fly zone in Syria, which meant war with Russia. No doubt Russia puts out their bots and face book ads in every election. I bet they don't go as far as the CIA. Chill the fuck out America. If you prefer democratic policy over conservative policy then vote him out in the next election.
$C: [removed]
$C: [deleted]
$C: You know that guy who cut you off yesterday while driving? That was Vladimir Putin, and Trump knew about it too.
$C: [deleted]
$C: It all happened under Obama......Who did NOTHING.
$C: YAWN.... Obama knew about it WHEN HE WAS PREZ and he didn't do anything about it and denied that they spied on Trump in NY. Oh, but that doesn't matter, does it? So sick of all this liberal propaganda.  
$C: Reddit is propaganda.
$C: Who cares? I mean really, it's over. Tired of the he said, she said. The clintons should be in jail and Bernie sanders is a moron. Go to work people and stop bitching. Be thankful you have what you have. My 401k is through the roof and you don't hear shit about isis. All the shit news talks about is Russia and stormy Daniels with trump. Who the fuck really cares
$C: Fake news. The New York Times will publish any article slandering Trump. There's a reason such a biased "news" source isn't allowed at the white house anymore. and yet reddit will feverishly upvote these lies. This site has really gone downhill since the election
$C: Oh yes I’m sure this paywall website has access to this crazy classified information. This shit is getting laughable alt left, laughable. Muh Russia reeeesee
$C: So why don't they just release the proof? 

As a highly educated person with a greater than average knowledge of history, I trust the CIA as much as I trust a Catholic Priest with a mustache.  
$C: Bullllllshit. It took 2 years for this to come out? Come fucking ON. How gullible are you? [Yellowcake](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yellowcake) ftw. How many [hundreds of thousands](http://iraqbodycount.org) of lives are you prepared to let die for this nonsense just because establishment clowns repeats it to you... again?
$C: You guys are still with the russia thing , jesus christ we get it. You dont like trump 
$C: [deleted]
$C: Yall are sheep. Mainstream media is your Shepard 
$C: Russia swayed the election by a few Facebook ads?

Really though, think for yourself people. Where is all the evidence for these extreme claims? Nobody is asking this yet can't wait to impeach Trump. Lunacy. 
$C: [removed]
$C: [deleted]
$C: Let me fix the title for you:  "**Two weeks before his inauguration, Donald J. Trump was shown highly classified intelligence by the Obama Agencies actively spying on political opponents trying to rig American election  indicating that President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia had personally ordered complex cyberattacks to sway the 2016 American election" .   His name was #SethRich ..** 
$C: America has been toppling democratically-elected governments throughout the world for decades. We meddle in other countries’ elections. What right do we have to demand nobody do this back to us?
$C: "If we keep saying it, maybe it will become true"
$C: Highly Classified until needed to embarrass Trump. 


$C: So Russia tried to do something and Trump had heard they tried to do something but only half believed it.  Okay?  Another nothing burger to add to the pile...
$C: How long are we going beat this dead horse?
$C: Fuck you America.
$C: So when do we fully impeach the man 
$C: But it was no surprise to him, because he'd been conspiring in this with Russia for quite a long time already.
$C: Welp, I sure hope there's not another 9/11 ready to go and some "emergency powers" bills drafted up for the signing. That would be really bad.
$C: Can I just get gold 
$C: Wasn't Obama still president 2 weeks before inauguration?  
$C: If it was highly classified intelligence then how is it in the New York Times ? Who believes any of this and who the hell cares anymore it’s been almost two years 
$C: This same intelligence was shown to Obama. Nothing happened. 
$C: Meh, meddling or no, dont really give a fuck. 
$C: Absolutely laughable. Will patiently wait for something verifiable to come out. 

ETA: 34 golds lmao
$C: Barry fucked up the timeline again. 
$C: Americans would probably still re-elect Trump.

They deserve him though. You make your bed, sleep in it. 
$C: Sway how?
$C: Love to see that gibberish. Ppl judge other ppl and what are the solid evidence of him being guilty. Dont repead media blubberish. Solid facts that point and connect him directly. Lool without solid facts it is just fighting over something 
$C: Presented by a bunch of people we found out lied. A lot. And they were very biased. Extremely biased.

You think President Donald J. Trump paid these fools any mind? He already knew there was dirt on these guys. Day one.

Why take the word of the man who refused to prosecute Hillary? He and anyone in the GOV below or around him was potentially similarly compromised.

Trump is a smart man. You’ll learn that some day.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Where was Obama? Where was his administration? Not a cop out question, genuinely wondering. People of the frontpage tend to just call you names if you don’t exactly agree or question pretty much anything. 
$C: Actual question here.. If it’s highly classified, what was he meant to do? Tell us all? Admit he knew? He can’t do that.. 
$C: Thanks Russia. If it wasn’t for them we wouldn’t know how much of a crook Hillary was and she probably would have won the election. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: I remember Obama saying it was impossible to hack our elections before the election
$C: Gathered by the same people who said Iraq had WMDs...
$C: If hillary got elected this wouldve never been talked about ever. But hey. They should focus more on what they will do to stop trump from being reelected,
$C: Loving this bonhomie. Can feel the love between trump and putin. What warmth.
$C: [deleted]
$C: "Sorry i'm late everyone, SOMEBODY tampered with my brakes.

"Well then you should have been early." 

If what Trump was shown was HIGHLY classified, then how would ANYONE who doesnt have a HIGH LEVEL SECURITY CLEARANCE  know this?
$C: Can we please move on... these are distractions that have been going on for too long. Let's focus on the major issues.
$C: interesting
$C: [deleted]
$C: First off....WHO THE HELL IS WRITING THIS CRAP??? What did Uncle Herbert hear about what went on in the oval office? Oh was it an ""UNNAMED SOURCE""? 

Nancy Pelosi and Obama ate a six pound mexio baby! True because An Unnamed Source Told Me and That Makes It A FACT!!?

We invaded Iraq Because we had wrong information provided be the "' INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY"" So if you listen to them you Are an idiot.....If you don't you are a traitor!!! What did Obammy do when Russia shot down an airliner ? Nothing! What did Obama do when Russia invaded Crimea? Nothing! What did you liberals say when Obama got caught on an open Microphone saying "Tell Vlad I'll have more flexibility AFTER the election"'

Are you sure this news isn't being propagated by a RUSSIAN BOT? NO YOU ARE NOT. 

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
$C: We went to war for years and sacrificed how many good people over the AMAZING intelligence they had on Iraq and WMD's and now we are supposed to believe every word the intelligence agency says?  How convenient they rig an investigation into Trump because they lost and needed to cover up their misdeeds (spying on an American campaign) so they blame the Russians.  I would be highly suspect of the intelligence agencies after all of these missteps but some folks want to now switch because it is Get Trump Time and say they are spot on geniuses and Trump is an idiot for not believing every syllable.  

Obama said on a hot mic he'd have more "flexibility after he won his last election" and he denied defensive weapons to the Ukraine (the ones Trump approved) while Russia invaded Crimea.  Ted Kennedy actually did collude with the Russians behind Reagans back and Bernie Sanders honeymooned in soviet Moscow, but it is Trump we need to worry about.   Talk about a wag the dog moment.
$C: I just looooooovve how all of u guys r butthurt:) Putin really got to ya ya crazy pussies!! He's a genius. 
$C: 1. You all know that just because a president gets impeached, that doesn’t mean he loses his office, right?

2. Big deal. Obama knew about this in September. In fact, Obama met privately with Putin about it to ask him to stop interfering (https://www.npr.org/2018/07/15/629281975/fact-check-did-the-obama-administration-respond-to-election-interference-by-russ). It wasn’t made into a big issue though because everyone thought Hilary was going to win.

3. Would you all PLEASE stop making posts like this reach the front page? This isn’t news and it shouldn’t come as a surprise to anyone. I’m not saying this because I support Trump. I didn’t vote for him and I don’t think he’s a good person. Historically speaking though, most of the presidents that we look back on with rose colored glasses weren’t good people. Obama funded terrorism, as did Ronald Reagan. JFK was a drug addict and adulterer. Lincoln was a racist. It happens.
$C: Steele dossier part 2 (complete fabrication by the left)
$C: Unless there was actual vote manipulation, none of this matters at all. 
$C: 67 golds? This place is Shill Central. 
$C: The fact that Hillary got away with what she did shows a lot about the concern each party and their supporters have for the actions of their candidate. Between Obama and Clinton, there was more than enough evidence to convict both of treason. Not to mention the fact this article came from the N.Y. Times... Gee... I wonder who they were backing... Gtfoh with this shit. Seriously. It's really getting old. Hillary lost. A year and a half ago... Let it go. 
$C: Even with all this new info.....I am so thankful that Hillary Clinton is not our president. 
$C: Still zero evidence of collusion
$C: This is just getting ridiculous, this is not the first time this has happened. All I see is people still whining about President Trump winning in the first place. For me personally I already had my mind up that I was going to vote Trump, and I think everyone who did vote for him was always going to no matter what Russia or any other country said or did. 

Also I do think it’s wrong for ANY county to interfere in any election, hell even the United States is guilty of that also, so if we go after Russia for this we also have to look at the Americans that have been doing the same for decades all over the world. 

Just get over the fact that he won and let him do his job, if and when he makes a mistake then call him out, the last year or so democrats/liberals have looked like crazy people chasing every little thing his administration does. It’s sad really that they can’t accept a loss. 

At the end of the day he still won and he will still be our president until the next election, unless he runs and wins again. 
$C: Ooooooh jesus christ give it a rest who cares anymore  


Edit - look, i'm not American, but even if i was i'd be tired as a regular redditor, of seeing this shit every day, the collusion most likely never happened, i guess now you know how Alex Jones feels, and your president speaks of peace, Hillary would have never done that, i don't know what kind of brainwashing is going on but most of reddit is absolutely insane. Us europeans are losing our culture, except a few countries like Poland, Russia, Italy, Hungary and a few others, and Trump is the same as leaders in those countries, never mind his demeanour and his inability to talk properly, it only matters that he keeps America safe , and in PEACE, which he is doing, don't forget North Korea.
$C: What about what he did here was illegal? 
$C: Weird, because this month alone at least 100 trumpkins and Russians have told me that there’s no evidence the Russians were behind these attacks 
$C: So the Russian citizens actually cast votes? Is that how this works?
$C: Nytimes is the standard of journalism........
$C: You live in a world where your emotions are fears are guided by baseless tabloids. If I'm stupid in that aspect, then I'm ok with it. 

If something that serious happened to your country's election, and there was intelligence to back it up, someone would've testified to Congress about it. It's impossible to keep something that big a secret amongst 'several' people. 
$C: The Failing New York Times
$C: Rosenstein said less than a week ago that no votes were changed as a result.  Just because Hitlery and her merry band of thieves didnt win doesn't mean that Trump somehow cheated.  
$C: I feel like the only person who thinks having a Russian sympathizer as President is the best thing that ever happened to planet Earth. 

C’mon people, can’t we just have peace with our corrupted governments that aren’t under any public control anyway? To think the people had a say in the election is ridiculous. 

The DNC groomed Hillary and dustbinned Sanders which 
A. Turned voters away from the Democrats (not that it matters anyway) 

B. Hillary is a known establishment puppet, and would continue the encirclement of Russia, and attack Iran (may still happen under Trump). 

C. Russia pulled the best troll ever. 

D. Trump is keeping you out of costly wars because he doesn’t trust anyone or understand the political chessboard. Trump is the best thing since JFK despite the retardation from his less intelligent followers. Don’t be fooled, Trump as bad as he is, is a total blessing.

E. America is collapsing anyway, who better to scapegoat than Trump?
$C: They’re saying highly classified information was shown to a Presidential Candidate related to Russia. This means Obama didn’t know it? Obama was President at that time. Remember, Obama said on video that Russia could not meddling with US elections. Why did Obama say it if he read the same information? Why Obama didn’t alert Hillary about it? After all they are in the same party. If he did not have this information why is that? Who is lying after all?
$C: Russian here. Can we please see the evidence already, not just "information from anonymous sources" or "top-secret source close to Mr. Putin". 

L&G, it goes on for 2 years now. And although I find it believable, but big accusations require huge evidence. I've seen none so far.
$C: Were votes changed? How was it swayed?
$C: I would say let's move on already but obviously the media are going to act like they have a finger up their butt until 2020 and they have a chance to elect another president
$C: Please sir can I have some gold?
$C: 36 gildings and rising. This is why we don't trust you with the economy. 
$C: "highly classified stuff that we talk about on Reddit"...
$C: And that's how Putin saved the world. It's actually funny how people prefer WW3 instead of this what's happening right now.
$C: The solution: Democrats need to get an electable candidate.  Bernie had the it factor.  Trump ran on an anti-P.C. Ticket not Republican.
$C: So some hackers managed to get emails from the DNC and showed that the Democrats basically had already chosen Hillary to be their candidate while working against Bernie Sanders and undermining his campaign, and also showed how corrupt the DNC is.

This is how they managed to "sway" the election, by showing the corruption of that organization?

How is this shit somehow a scandal? If hackers had managed to get hold of the similar emails from the Republican party, Reddit would be throwing a party and praising the Russians.

Calling out corruption is always a good thing, regardless of your political affiliation.


$C: So you're saying President Obama knew and did nothing about it because it was happening during his term?
$C: Obama did what with the same info? 
$C: Faaaake neeeews! Lol
$C: [deleted]
$C: First time ever I see ×65 Gold. Since we all know the US government is willing to bring down two skyscrapers with thousands of people in it...the sky is the limit.

As fucked-up as this shit is. Nobody can ask surprised.
$C: so what does this mean... what if (if) there's real proof that President Trump was elected due to an enemy attack. Does he get the boot, continue, and even get re-elected in 2020? Isn't this a good reason to have the right to bare arms, if you essentially have an enemy acting as president? 

Also wouldn't it make more sense that the Russians hired hillary, she is the reason, after all, Trump is in power. 
$C: Which means Obama’s did as well 
$C: Mabey war is the only option
$C: Is this sub ever going to go back to world news, or is it going to be a anti-Donald Trump circle jerk for the next three years? This is kind of embarrassing at this point


I fucking hate DT like anyone else but this is getting out of hand
$C: Being Russian myself, I cant help but laugh at the inherent xenophobia of the west. You guys literally suck the hate for russians from the breasts of your mothers. Not only is your education system full of propaganda against Russians, literature and especially movies always portray the russians as dumb, evil and brutal maniacs hell bent on destroying the world. Every single movie/book titled Red *something* does this, most recent one being Red Sparrow, which for me was a huge cringe fest to watch.


I dont like Putin and his aides, frankly I think hes a ruthless dictator, but in the case of Hillary, he did you all a HUGE favor by keeping the corrupt and morally bankrupt establishment from power. Trump might occasionally say mean things and act like an idiot, but at the very least hes an outsider to the political establishment that pushes this xenophobic agenda, which in turn wastes trillions of dollars on maintaining bases all over the world.
But of course, instead of discussing the possibility of actual peace, the journowhores are all buzzing about the easy to sell evil russians story.
$C: [removed]
$C: I love how its just "sway" and 0 explanation whatsoever of what they did, or how they did it. From Meuller, we have what, 20 Russian "bots", a few thousands posts and a 100K in money? After 2 years, we have that. Now apparently Putin is now sighted as ORDERING "complex cyberattacks"? Why didn't Mueller say this yet? Why isn't Putin being indicted?

Sorta funny because Hillary actually 'swayed' the election from Bernie, but 0 reporting on that or care from the Left. 0 mention how Clinton Foundation swayed Haiti further into a shithole...

Hillary had what... 500 million and still couldn't win? But Russia "swayed" the election Right... right.....

* So... what did we learn.. that somehow "Cyberattacks" can mess with voting machines? Oh that's right... DIEBOLT installed BACKDOOR remote access to ALL voting machines... but Russia... lolol
$C: So where was Obama? 
$C: My god you people are bad losers. Trump won because Trump spoke to middle America who felt abandoned. Same with Brexit. Trump won because of Trump and your country is prospering because of it. I try to not be a hateful person, but I can't help but dislike you people. Get a fucking life. 
$C: Oooo nooo!
$C: I've said this for every time some crazy headline about Trump doing some shit HAS to be the end. And so far it hasn't ended but it has to be worth it to say it again. But THIS HAS TO BE THE END!
$C: My opinion is that if this is true, the only thing it did to “sway” the election was to make it more fair. I’ve listened to investigative podcasts about some of this Russia cyber stuff, and one of the main things they were doing was launching pro-republican propaganda online. One really infuriating thing the majority of US media did during the election was that they did their darnedest to smack down the opposing Republican Party. So I think Russia was really just evening out the scales. I think that during the election, the US media was just as bad (if not worse) about swaying the election as Russia is being accused of. 
Edit: here’s a link of my source.[the curious case of the Russian flash mob in West Palm Beach FL](https://www.wnycstudios.org/story/curious-case-russian-flash-mob-west-palm-beach-cheesecake-factory/) 
Also note, I am neither republican nor democrat, but I guess I lean more conservative in some views... in this situation I see two sides of the coin. Hardcore Dems will follow anything the liberals say even if its to jump into a volcano, and hardcore Repubs will do the same. 
$C: No shit. Impeachment is a joke. It won't happen. Clinton wasn't, trump is 10x worse, and he won't. Nothing has happened yet, why would it suddenly? America is fucked. - Texan
$C: When POTUS Trump won the 2016 election, the Intel/Sec Cabal devised a two pronged approach to control Trump.  First they provided Candidate Trump with anodyne reporting that mirrored the "party line" of UK intelligence that Russia was a hostile state determined to dominate the US militarily and economically.  This flew in the face of the reality that Russia does not have the GDP larger than New York and does not have the combat power to engage the US in a conventional war that would lead to the Geo-political collapse of Russia and Christian civilization. To reinforce this unfounded assessment, the cabal followed it with a personal view of salacious unproven personal blackmail material in an attempt to own POTUS Trump.  He called their bluff and had his assessment confirmed by Admiral Rogers of the NSA who was the only senior Intel/Sec Official retained by Trump until his retirement as planned.  The rest is history until the sealed indictments are opened.  More to follow.
$C: "Highly classified"..........and yet Reddit knows about it?  Anyone else alarmed by all of the 007 top secret classified messages & documents that have some how managed to be leaked from the CIA, FBI, NSA, and DoJ?  It doesn't exactly inspire faith.
$C: Give it up nothing will happen.
$C: lol, who the fuck believes this shit? Americans are very stupid.
$C: Who was the acting president when these things happened?
$C: FTA:
>And ultimately, several **human** sources had confirmed Mr. Putin’s own role.

So you won't name any names -- other than the obligatory *people that are supposedly in the know* -- but you feel the need to classify them as 'human'?

This is how we know that this is just intentional misinformation, at best, and blatant fabrication, at worst.

There's nothing new in this entire article; it's the same anti-Trump rhetoric that has been spewed for years now.

Keep watching, folks - China is about to be the next target.
$C: So..? What was he going to do at that point? "Haha sorry guys, I'm out. Looks like some commies swayed the populace who STILL VOTED FOR ME OF THEIR OWN ACCORD."
$C: Hillary cheated Bernie. I couldn’t vote for either of them, but at least the left is unified and purging the corporate democrats who seek only to increase the width of their wallets. 
$C: His name was SETH RICH....posthumously referred to as ‘RUSSIA’
$C: So if the secret service knew about it. Why didn't they do anything? 
Seems like the Democrats are just spewing up shit to get more votes. 
$C: I'm not pro Trump and I'm not far right or anti Obama, but two weeks before Trump was inaugurated, Obama was in office and had access to this intel. If it isn't classified enough to not mention, why didn't Obama do something about Russia?
$C: Israeli TV Shows Footage Of ISIS Training Camp On Israel's Border: http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2017-10-13/israeli-tv-shows-footage-isis-training-camp-israels-border
$C: The problem is nobody trusts the intelligence community - and for good reason.
$C: Can we please see the evidence?
$C: Obongma too busy smoking da blunt to stop the cyberattacks when he was still in control of the FBI, CIA, and NSA.
$C: So classified it made it's way to reddit 6 months later 
$C: [deleted]
$C: Still not proof of collusion. Also it's been established that the "cyberattacks" were executed primarily to sow division. 
$C: In other words the Russians, although there is a zero evidence they manipulated one single vote, managed to influence the election by releasing emails that were going to be released anyways thereby informing the public of the massive corruption going on within the DNC and Clinton campaign. Again, all you're pointing out is that the truth was revealed about Hillary Clinton and that's what lost her the election.
$C: Its sort of cute that everyone thinks our (US) government is any less corrupt than Russia. That we don't influence foreign elections, stage coups, fund and control civil wars or just out right remove leaders that don't play ball. That somehow the US government has or had the moral high ground  over Russia in that respect. 
Its also interesting that The US President (who I do not like or trust in any way) says he trusts a no longer existing intelligence agency more than the CIA is "treason" even though nobody with half a brain trusts the CIA (ask Kennedy..oh wait you can't because he didn't survive going after the CIA) and Presidents on both sides cozying up to Saudi (you know, the ones actually behind  9/11, the ones who violate more human rights than Putin could dream of) that's not treason though. I don't get people. What the majority decides to pick their pitch forks up over boggles me.
$C: To sway which way?  DNC or GOP?  
$C: Blah, blah, blah.. we influence elections all the time. Boris Yeltsin is the simplest example. Hillary supporters are the biggest losers of all time.. still can't stop whining.
$C: Mueller wasnt able to get this? Two years ago. 

Oh the source is the cia.... They really really shouldnt be doing anything stateside. There core is spying, deceit, and minipulation.
$C: The only reason this is still a "story" is because the Republicans won. If Democrats hadn't lost this story would have been buried until it could be conveniently used for another time.

Face it, Democrats lost and they need something to blame other than their terrible policy ideas. They'll do *anything* to convince Americans the election was invalid. They *want* America to fail under Trump. All Democrats care about is power, they are evil and will stop at nothing to achieve it.

We've seen the way Democrats weaponize the government against Americans. Be it attacking political opponent's wallets with the IRS, or droning people on American soil.. they are simply evil. The only way to stop them is to vote Republican. You can do your part by donating here: https://www.gop.com/14phone/
$C: If this happened two weeks before the inauguration why are we just hearing about this now? We already know Brennan, Clapper, and Comey are as slimey as they come. 

And the fact this article ACTUALLY mentions that comey brought the Steele Dossier up to Trump shows me this is bullshit. At this point Comey already knew the DNC paid Fusion GPS to draft the Dossier. That dossier was then givin to McCain and then to Comey who leaked it to the press. In short it’s a fake! Our own government made it to try and sway your election! But you still listen to these idiots like JOHN BRENNAN. The guy who approved the Visas for the four men who “did 9/11.” 

Article doesn’t cite any sources specifically and honestly this looks like a fucking fake smear campaign and the fact people believe this shit is mind blowing

PUT 2 AND 2 TOGETHER PEOPLE. THE INVESTIGATION INTO RUSSIAN COLLUSION IS ALMOST TWO YEARS OLD WITH NO EVIDENCE AGAINST TRUMP. Then this drops and the failed to mention it two years ago?
 

Y’all are being lied to. 
$C: Attacks being confirming what we all knew about the corrupt DNC ?
$C: BORING!!! What else is new? Messiah Obama knew the same thing and did nothing? This is typical of hypocritical, asshole democrats pointing out the sins of others while completely ignoring their own. Yawn. Hope you keep pushing the “Abolish ICE” movement.
$C: Did anyone really want clinton?  
$C: Can people just let this go already? Such an annoying reality that I have to put on with all this nonsense on the news DAILY. Thank god i'm slowly getting rid of social media
$C: So we’re to believe that “Mr. Putin” just told the CIA that they did that?  What a nice guythat “Mr. Putin”is. 
$C: The hysteria from the unhinged left/media knows no bounds. 
$C: All yall lowkey sheep that thought Obama won legit too
$C: So when Obama was president?
$C: [deleted]
$C: [deleted]
$C: [deleted]
$C: Ok then why didn't they do anything about it during and after the election? Oh that's right, they expected Hillary to win so they didn't stop it.

"Hey Mr. President! Btw, Russia has been fucking with our election the past year and we did fuck all to stop it because we thought Hillary would win."
$C: Just like Russia has most likely done in every election since the cold war. This is the norm. The key is that no votes were actually changed and I doubt they changed anyone's mind with a few Facebook ads. The truth is Russia is too incompetent to actually effect the election at all. 

Ya know, Obama knew about it as it was happening. And he let it occur. Yet none of you have a problem with that. Strange. It's almost like you just hate Trump because "orange man bad" and you will take any situation as a time to attack him rather than looking at things objectively
$C: If America could on one hand, take in a few thousand citizens from Norway, or on the other hand, take in a few thousand people from any of the places that were dubbed "shithole countries", taking in people from Norway would be a better option. They're wealthier so less of a financial strain, and they are more beneficial to the social fabric, based on the standards of western civilization. When Trump asked the question of why immigration trends shouldn't shift towards countries such as Norway, he's was speaking on behalf of a direction that would undeniably be better for the country, but none of that counts because he said "shithole"

this is just 1 example, but every time people have gotten up in arms about something Trump had to say about outsiders, it's followed a pattern such as that. None of these situations were totally equivilant, but there was a general attitude applied to all of them. "his combative attitude towards an outside group might have some grounds, but I'm too spineless to own up to the conflict that comes with acknowledging something unflattering about outsiders. I'm afraid of someone calling me a racist, so I'm going to pretend that it isn't obviously true, and strain to make apologies for the outsiders" That is the basic temperament that Trump had with Putin during that conference, because he was too timid to just own what he should've. I regard that as a bad outing for President Trump, and won't make excuses for it, but it's really rich that the same people who took offense to that, are the same people who have been on Trump's case for the last 3 years. If he has a treasonous attitude based on his being too timid about an outside problem, then you people are just habitually treasonous because your whole political orientation, when it comes to your assessment of Trump, revolves around putting rose tinted glasses on, when you just need to own that it's an "us vs them" issue. 
$C: Click on link, picture of Clapper, who lied under oath...hmm....
$C: Are you guys stupid or some shit? Of course they meddled in our election just like we do all the time. 
$C: I hate when journalists do not site sources.  How to they know what was shown and when especially since they say it was classified?  Where are the documents or notes from the meeting even.  So skeptical of the media these days.  The entire thing reeks. 
$C: #FakeNews
$C: Why do people care so much eli5
$C: You know this because you are privy to highly classified documents because of your security clearance and always post this sensitive information on Reddit.   


Thank you for your service.   


Did you have any summation for your assertion?   
Do you think it is wrong for Russia to have done this?   


[http://rozenbergquarterly.com/noam-chomsky-on-the-long-history-of-us-meddling-in-foreign-elections/](http://rozenbergquarterly.com/noam-chomsky-on-the-long-history-of-us-meddling-in-foreign-elections/)

Thanks for the Lulz   

$C: People who actually think Russia "interfered in our election" what do you think was done? Because there is basically no hard evidence that they did and the very suspect evidence that the news claims to have it's all based on anonymous sources.
$C: To be fair, US is right now, as it has been this whole century, is just a malignant tumour on the planet. US meddles in every country's election. US destroys sovereignties. US breaks UN law. 

If Russia actually hacked the US election (and the US intelligence agencies never lie, right?). And call me a Russian propaganda bot all you want, we are both eating from different sides of the same bowl. I'm just trying to figure out who's the chef.
$C: Gee.. I wonder why Trump doesn’t trust everything out of Brennan, Comey, and McCabe’s mouths
$C: Literally, not a single source in the article. All ambiguous quotes, "Several people"....shit like that. If you guys find absolute proof, I'm on board. NOBODY fucks with our elections, but until then, you look desperate and foolish. Wishful thinking at best.
$C: Is this the conspiracy sub where we believe that russia has remote control over millions of US-Voters brains?
$C: As much as this guy is an idiot and can not for his life shut the fuck up, i think we should all be glad the country and even world isnt burning right now. I think this shows a clear sign that as much as a president sucks, and trust that they always will, theres a reason the election comes down to two people. As much as Trump has fucked up he was elected because most people understood he wasnt going to burn the world to the ground in 4 years. Hilary would have fucked up in a different way just like Obama and Bush and all those preceding them. The President is the President for a reason. Most people will never agree with even half the things they do but our constitution is set up so that when they do majorly fuck up we receive a new president not a world on fire.
$C: https://imgur.com/a/RtR9Ssg


All the bots in here going "tre45on" damn
$C: LOL at all of the dumb-fuck Americans that think their vote means anything, or Trump runs USA. This is why you lot suffer. 
$C: I don't think so the hidden and real America voted trump.
$C: Those are speculations. Where is the proof? CIA all they do is send memes to mass media
$C: Still better then Hitlery.
$C: Could someone please tell Hillary Clinton that Donald Trump has information that could lead to her arrest.  Maybe then he'll "commit suicide".  
$C: ugh, if only liberal americans were this piss off about their own government meddling in elections around the world for their own benefit and to the detriment of millions of poor people. 
$C: Literally so what. It had no effect on the election.

It is funny that the DNC still won't cough up the servers that were supposedly hacked though. 
$C: LOL people in here with no understanding of the American voting system. Your vote for president doesn't matter, not really, anyways. All that matters is the electoral college. The founding fathers put that system in place to ensure that successful white men will always have the final say in who gets elected, and it's brilliant. Russia can meddle all they want, but at the end of the day, the electoral college makes the choice. Did all you dummies forget that Hillary won the popular vote? Did Russia meddle with that, too?
$C: I, for one, require other sources for this type of an accusation.
The man is an idiot and he shouldn't be a president but this big enough of an accusation that i want other sources to back this up
$C: that was confusing.  were there any actual citations there or was it actually 100% hearsay?  This russia stuff is really bothering me, it is like the lead up to the iraq attack.  Never any evidence but always a lot of allegation.  What are we being misdirected from?
$C: We are being manipulated.  It's some slight of hand bullshit and I think it's another actor.

Probably the Chinese.  They are making moves in the S. China Sea and Pacific and launching ships every other day for a Navy to contest the US Fleet, stealing defense secrets, have a new stealth fighter, troops and investments in Africa and the Middle East, stealing our technology....

Open your eyes idiots.

The Russians are still like the Soviet Union, painted over rust and an easy boob to blame everything on.


$C: Two weeks before the inauguration? Who was President then? What did he do about it?
$C: Hmm interesting. So Obama was no where to be found? And Russian “hacking” of the American election is still just spam accounts on the internet? Cool nice spin tho 
$C: The New York Times also said Obama wiretapped Trump tower. Is this going to be another article that's redacted/modified in a few weeks? I guess we'll see. It just seems too... Perfect and convenient to be 100% true. I mean, why is this story just coming out now? Why not earlier?
$C: What a waste of gold, the meeting involved disgraced Clapper, Brennan and Comey. Rogers, the only good guy, told Trump he was being spied on.
$C: Here we go again. Love how everyone ignores the shit Obama did during his 8 years. Trump isn't perfect. He's a child. But still so much hypocrisy flowing through reddit. Thank God for reddit filters so I can add r/worldnews to it now.  
$C: 
I read the Times article, here's my take.

Operational Effectiveness.... 
No where does the article attest to the effect on election results. So, yes, cyber attacks took place. But did they effect the election? The Times makes no reference.

And, lets say Russia stole the DNC & Podesta emails. Fine. It doesn't change the fact the emails were legit. The truth got out about Podesta & the DNC rigging primaries for Hillary.

BTW, where was the POTUS, Barak Obama?
Answer: "I feel like we sort of choked." 

In fact, Obama said, in his last presser, Russian Hacking was Not Some Elaborate, Complicated Espionage.
$C: Soooooo no evidence?? Just another article making a claim?
$C: But did Obama do anything about it? No, because he and every other liberal in the country thought there was no way he could win. So this falls on Obama because it happen on his watch. Show me collusion not change my mind. But it's been 2 years and they haven't shown shit
$C: Both Brennan and Clapper have been bald face liars (remember Clapper saying live on MSNBC that no wiretap was conducted on ANYONE in the Trump campaign?) So I'll believe that Russia "hacked" our election when they hand over everything and stop stonewalling Congress when they request info. Our intelligence committees answer directly to Congress, so they should never refuse them a request for info. Yet here we are. FBI are making claims, yet won't show anyone the proof. It's all too "classified". Reminds me a lot of Bush and WMDs.
$C: Wow. Congratulations on the 5.5 years of Reddit Gold you got for this submission alone.

If I ever want Gold, I guess I need to really step up my game; I haven't even gotten Reddit Silver. But I have been down voted, so I've got that going for me, which is nice.

Edit: Since at least people are reading this, I'll take the time to promote u/PoppinKREAM. This redditor has been on top of this and other stories, with articulate, well-researched (with sources!) comments about the absurdity of this Trump administration (and more!). I don't provide good information, but PoppinKREAM does. Stop by their page and bask in awe at most of their comments. PoppinKREAM deserves Gold (and has received it, too) for the efforts, just as much as OP. Thanks for reading!
$C: isn't this super old news
$C: Someone enlighten me on why it is bad for Russia to interfere in the US elections when the US does the exact same shit to many countries
$C: Oh like during Obama's presidency 
$C: For the sake of clarity:

[Here are some examples of The Kenyan influencing other country's elections](https://spectator.org/obamas-meddling-in-foreign-elections-six-examples/)
$C: lol at the bots upvoting this to 90k
$C: This can also be fake. Why believe media at all?
$C: If we gild it x54 times people will think it’s real!
$C: What most people haven't realized yet is that elections are theater and there is no actual democracy. Do you really think they let regular people pick who leads the wealthiest country in the world every four years? You don't have to get caught up in the madness. It's all a show.
$C: I, too, believe everything that the intelligence community says. It is good seeing the liberals finally support the impeccability of these people.

[Robert Mueller, past Director of the FBI and current head of the Special Council, testifies before congress that Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction](https://youtu.be/mNeqrTbkZmM)
$C: this is only still news because the people who control the media don't want you to forget that what they did to us, we did to hundreds of other countries and elections. what a nice media. oh, and its ok that a pres elect was exposed by russia before election. thanks for showing us how they really thought of us in their gross ass minds with their gross ass bullying. fuck democrats and their fake ass hearts. 
$C: So a highly classified intelligence meeting happened that I guess is secret by the word classified, and we call traitor to the one not disclosing stuff even though he knows more stuff than anyone else bitching about it? Well great. Gotta love how everyone is more all-knowing than the only in the US to know all that stuff. 
$C: People who believe that Russia had anything to do with Trump being elected are fucking morons but if it were true, they should be thanking Russia for their great service.
$C: SHE CAN STILL WIN

What collusion? Sanctions, proxy war in Syria and fight over Gazprom. Where is the collusion? That WW3 hasn't started yet like psycho Killary wanted?
$C: Imagine all the info obama had. He did nothing to stop Putin from creating Facebook groups! 

Nobody hacked shit. Americans are dumb unprincipled lemming pieces of shit that vote for republicans and democrats. Every republican or Democrat voter is a piece of shit traitor to the human race. They are a fetid disease. 
$C: What a crock of horseshit. Yet OBAMA (your messiah) did NOT A THING ABOUT IT - baaa baaa brainwashed sheep. CNN Drones.
$C: Why didn’t Obama do anything? Instead Obama and Hillary failed to convince the public. But yeah blame Trump for American democratic failure. Who’s fault is it? It’s the American people. They should overthrow trump. Instead they stuff their fat faces with cake. America is a failure.
$C: [deleted]
$C: [removed]
$C: Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump. Trump this Trump that. Trump implicated here implicated there. 

This Trump "news" is relentless. We get it, Reddit. You don't like Trump. Cool it already ffs. 
$C: Saved. Returning to this thread when it inevitably turns out to be wrong(like all the others) is going to be.. Glorious 
$C: so tired of this utter bull shut! 18 months not one valid piece of real evidence.  Fact Eisenstein , Meuller (himself) and the Obama intelligence cabinet members have all admitted that there out is no evidence that Trump colluded within Russians, get over it you lost!!  IF THIS IS TRUE SHOW US THE REAL EVIDENCE,  What is true is Putin admitted two days ago that Russia gave Mrs Clinton $400 Million for her campaign!That my friends is factual evidence that Mrs, Clinton and the DNC took $400 Million of campaign funds from foreign parties which is illegal (read  . 52 U.S.C. § 30121 and , 11 CFR 110.20)!  Furthermore that represents 40% of her campaign funds. If that isn't evidence that DNC and Clinton colluded with Russia , the your frigging  blind!!!
$C: It has a lot of reddit gold, it must be true! God it's insane how loud people are about this hollow russian hacking story. The big lie strategy is a shitty one.... So please keep it going!
$C: This is to me the most mindboggling conclusion. 

“It cannot be them because we are not good enough to catch them.”

Isn’t it worse then???
$C: Judge: You're hearby convicted of first degree murder based on the DNA and video footage evidence.

Defendant: But Mr Judge, surely you know that my murdering skills are so adept, that I would never leave such evidence.

Judge: NOT GUILTY!
$C: Hang on, **would** or **wouldn't**? It's hard to tell the difference these days.
$C: I think the point is it must have been some other country's hackers because there was a trace, while Russian hackers leave no trace. I might be giving too much credit here though. 
$C: >If anyone thinks for a second that Putin, with complete confidence that he wouldn't get caught, wouldn't penetrate America's cyber defenses *then they need to seriously examine their logic.*

You can't examine something that's not there.
$C: “For the first time”
$C: There's a good chance that Putin (being a former KGB officer) is actually using subtle interrogation techniques on Trump here.

The article mentions that the sources of the intelligence report were intercepted communications and a high level source close to Putin. I bet Putin would love to know more about that and Trump is the perfect subject to manipulate into giving up information by poking his narcissism.

He already did it when he [leaked sensitive Israeli intelligence](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/05/15/us/politics/trump-russia-classified-information-isis.html) to the Russian ambassador and foreign minister, just to impress them.
$C: Even my mom knew it was me that raided the cookie jar when I was growing up. Even though I was good enough not to leave a scrap of evidence. 
$C: I think they wanted to get caught. If they hadn't, they're wouldn't be all of this chaos
$C: You’re forgetting the state department and the alphabet soup government agencies arm of our government waits for the best hackers on earth, whom are all in the US, to commit crimes, convince them that they will spend the rest of their lives in prison (see the guy who founded Silk Road) unless they help the government in whatever short term things they wish, IE hacking bitcoin, hacking Kim Dotcom, hacking servers overseas to get IP addresses to backtrack and backlog, and in doing all of that, along the way the government learned that “holy shit, not only are we doing something that’s never been done before, but since we have meta data on everyone and anyone since 2001, we can leave bread crumbs and call it proof. But here’s the better part, we can electronically frame someone to make it look like someone else... and there’s never proof that anyone else was in there.”
Watch a movie called “Zero Days”. 
TLDR; the Cold War and any and all kinds of espionage are now happening daily in computers by govs that have figured out ways to frame others and can remove all forensic traces it was them. 
$C: But getting "caught" is not the issue - there will be no repercussions(or they are less than the apparent benefits).  This is the same as Trumps ethos -I can do what I want, they can say what they want, or I can get hauled into court, all in all it is all OK for Trump... he has broken more deals than he has made, he just pays them off.  Laws, words and deals are irrelevant - as long as I make more money.
$C: Russian hackers are no joke though. I’ve been in multiple conference sessions where both professional hackers and the secret service have mentioned we (US) are not yet at their level. 
Their is talent in the US but we need more. 

As most of know though, your chances of not getting caught are slim to none. Similar to getting in,  it just takes time. 

$C: **WikiLeaks: CIA Disguises Its Own Hacking to Appear Russian, Chinese**

>WikiLeaks' latest dump of hacked info from the CIA shows how the spy agency could mask its own cyberattacks to make it look like it came from another foreign government, the Daily Mail reported.

>Russian, Chinese, North Korea, Arabic, Farsi — it's all in the source code, the Daily Mail reported.

https://www.newsmax.com/newsfront/wikileaks-cia-hacks-disguise/2017/03/31/id/781787/

You don't think Russia isn't capable of this either? 

Not to mention the FBI never was allowed access to the DNC servers. 
$C: There's a would/wouldn't joke in there somewhere.
$C: Almost as strange as assuming he cares if we know.
$C: urgh. the Russian MO have always been to use proxies of proxies so that it'll never get traced back to them. 

It's a pain in the ass for people like me, because we can never confirm anything that's certain. 
$C: They've been doing it for decades and have failed every election since. No reason to think 2016 would be any more successful than all of their previous failures.
$C: This is now just getting plain old sill..stupid. 
$C: I had to do a double take. What the fuck? 
$C: There is no reason why Putin wouldn't make this intentionally public.  They aren't trying to hide any of this. 
 
 
This is their MO. 
$C: 100% of the time, if I know I can't get caught doing something, I'll probably do it just for the lols. 
$C: i seriously doubt the word "logic" is in trump's vocabulary because he's never shown any evidence he knows what it is.
$C: The only logic that would make sense from that is, it couldn't have been Russia because US intelligence caught the intrusion, which means it was a black flag Op from another actor wanting it to look like Russia... However, that is nonsense and we all know it was Russia and Trump is willfully blind. I bet he considered saying, 'The US Dems are responsible, they blamed Russia, all to start a new cold war and ruin the Republicans. Could you imagine!'.
$C: Obviously it was natural causes, no Putin involved!

The question is, is Trump stupid enough to really believe that, or is he stupid enough to think we will believe it?
$C: I'd turn that right around and then ask Putin to please find the real culprits with their amazing cyberskills. Then I'd call him once a week and ask for updates. 
$C: Public: Maybe this is going over your head Mr.President.

Trump: Nothing goes over my head. My reflexes are too fast. I would catch it.
$C: I'm pretty sure the source close to Putin has by now shot himself twice in the back of the head and jumped from a 20-storey building.
$C: Also see Russia's evidence that they didn't participate in the nerve agent poisoning of a British citizen?  'If we had made the poison there wouldn't be any survivors.  Thus it is impossible it was us.'
$C: Half the government computers run on xp!!!! A fifth grader today could hack that weak bs 
$C: My main concern is that Trump heard what Putin said, and interpreted it as he did---how does that translate that way to anybody??? "We're so good we'd never be caught" "So that means you didn't do it... cool" 
$C: And check their router, maybe reboot that shit yo.
$C: We'll see another election where he wins the electoral college by narrow margins (of voters in swing states). 

Or his opponent drops dead. 

Wouldn't _that_ be fucking nuts. Imagine the utter chaos following an election where one of the two chosen representatives of the major parties (the Democratic one) dies of a nerve agent attack.

It'd be the ultimate bitch slap. The ultimate "war's on, bitch". 


$C: I'm sure he misspoke.

/s  in-fucking-case
$C: "Dude it says online and on Twitter so obviously he did idiot" -Liberals Circa 2016-2018
$C: He is a big enough Morin with selective memory tha Putin could of bragged about it and trumphead would have no recollection of the conversation. Anything that paints him as a puppet or doesn't inflaght or flatter his ego he simply omits from reality. In summery he a certifiable. 
$C: Yet every week I read a random comment thread about some Russian bot being ousted lol.
$C: I have seen these 'complex cyber attacks' otherwise known as advertisements.

I have seen on the Chans, threads made by anonymous users pushing the EXACT sort of adds that are accredited to the Russians. Point being that normal people played a bigger part in this than any government organisation.

Facebook took money from Russian government (allegedly) for the hosting of advertisements.

This post has been gilded 74x and i feel like we are ignoring the main point which is that Russia perhaps bought less than 5% of the total political adds ran throughout America during the election yet we are accrediting them 100% for Trumps victory.

This is all a fucking farce.
$C: I understand from the Wikileaks Vault 7 release that the Clowns in America have and used capabilities that place Russian fingerprints on hacks to make it look like Russians were involved with hacks. This is some crazy technologies that should never be used to mislead the American people. This is the very reason why Trump says at one time Russia was involved and at another that Russia was involved along with others and then says that Russia was involved for certain. He knows what the Clowns are doing. Releasing the truth to the people still remains a problem that needs to be resolved.
$C: What exactly did they hack? "America's cyber defenses" isn't really clear, defenses for what?
$C: For many of his supporters, it all has its roots in cynical disdain for foreigners, lgbt, casteism, diversity, their miseducation, and the conundrums and insecurities they have in their everyday lives. 

Russia is one of the most corrupt nations in the world and they’ve committed these tactics with other countries for a long time, most notably the Baltic States. Europe has long known about so-called fake news from the Russians before it was a catchphrase. They just got smart and decided to use Republican cynicism and lobbyists against U.S. national security. They used our own freedoms against us and It’s actually the most effective way to undermine the American populace’s confidence in the government, which could lead to all sorts of issues as a consequence.
$C: I don't trust the NY times. 'highly classified ' info is not casually available to the general public. I am not sure that the story is just concocted. Btw I'm an independent. Thanks for reading my perspective.

$C: I can’t believe 185k people get news from reddit and believe everything they see on social media. ☺️ I love to watch liberals get so worked up and angry when they lose. Every loser makes excuses, just fucking grow up and sit through 4 years of Donald Trump like we conservatives did with Obama. President Donald Trump has personally effected my life positively, I have nothing against him. Sure I will admit he acts very unprofessional he wasn’t the best choice but he was sure better than Hillary Clinton. I serve in the U.S army, the last time a Clinton was in office we got shat on. 
$C: To be fair, it was just a couple dumb mistakes that got them caught.
$C: Enemy: "We are super good'"

Us: "they are full of shit"
$C: The problem is, even if they did get caught (which they did) Putin knew there really isnt a whole lot we or anyone else could do about it.   They did it, we know it was them, and we arent going to do shit about it.  


They didnt RIG the election.   They didnt change votes.  Donald trump isnt president because of anything russia did, but what they did was even more powerful.  They put distrust in the democratic process.   


$C: Mmmmm propaganda I'm American give me more.. Maybe sprinkle some china and some iran on top to make it that much better XD ( electoral college??? Understand the voting system Americans have )
$C: Its President Trump's jod to say in public..no big deal....look at the sanctions....watch what he DOES NOT WHAT HE SAYS

Besides Man, it's a fucking game to them. Every day they probe each others defenses. I have a friend who flew planes in the sixties. They would fly straight at Russian territory. Just exactly AT THE LINE..they would pull straight up and NOT cross the line. The Russians would turn in their more powerful Radar and his team would map out the location. In the event of war we knew where they were and we could take them out.  It's spy v spy. It went on 50 years ago and it will go on 50 years from now.

They try to change people's opinions or cause dicord amongst ourselves so we are too busy arguing with each other to watch what they are doing. Too many Americans are taking the bait! Ignore these SOBs and get along. Solve OUR problems and quit worrying about them. We are five times richer than they are, let them meddle all they want. The can't effect the outcome of an election if we don't listen to or get caught up in their Bullshit.
$C: > If anyone thinks for a second that Putin, with complete confidence that he wouldn't get caught, wouldn't penetrate America's cyber defenses then they need to seriously examine their logic.

Just like Saddam got caught red-handed with his WMDs. Good job US intel ;)
$C: Then Show the proof or shut the FUCK UP. We all heard him say he didn’t think it was them and on top of that Putin said he would help with the indictments. We have “The best Government agencies”  in American and a year and a half later no proof still. Why?  Also indictments don’t mean shit look it up. 
$C: I mean, being honest, our public sector employees suck.  I'm not even a unicorn of a programmer, and I can generate you a Russian based attack overnight.  
I'm not saying our intelligence is wrong, mind you.  Just saying anyone who knows how the internet works is going to need a lot of fucking good proof before accepting this.
$C: Why did President Obama tell his HLS cyberchief to "stand down"? Why did, during the election, President Obama publicly tell Trump to quit complaining of being spied upon.  Why did when the FBI came to both RNC  and Hillary, why didn't Hillary and the DNC up their security. 

Does having 15 million illegal Mexicans affect US elections?  Urban Dems want them registered so Dem strongholds like Chicago carry Illinois, Philadelphia carries  Pennsylvania,  and others, for state wide , Congress and Presidental.   Money, mostly untaxed or welfare or drugs sent back to Mexico is Mexico's biggest source of foreign money.  Dems get the votes, the power, Mexico the population/political relief,  taxpayers the bills, lower wage rates, crime.

Hillary spent 1.2 billion dollars.  Local Democrats spent and donated labor  another billion. TV, except Fox, print media and Hollywood, gave or work value another billion..  3 billion+ dollars, support of President Obama and Hillary got beat, wooped, snookered, by 15 Russians with keyboards.  
$C: The vast majority of presidents we've had have been fucking terrible. Trump is just the average shitbag with diarrhea mouth.
$C: I mean you're right, but he pisses off the libs so much I love it! /s
$C: The Stupid Age
$C: I hope to someday be able to sit down with my future grandkids and tell them the story of how a cheeto was meme'd into presidency by Russia.
$C: It's amazing now. I can barely even believe it's happening; in the future, they'll doubt it too. How did half the country get the wool pulled over their eyes in the information age?? The age of the internet? So quickly after the supreme court ruled in favor of gay marriage? After the first black president? How? HOW?!?!
$C: Depends who is writing them... :(
$C: Let's hope there's actually a future in which our grandchildren learn from the mistakes made.
$C: I wish I could have taken AP world history a century or two from now instead of sophomore year
$C: As a soon-to-be history teacher, I am not excited. 
$C: Let's be real. Kids in 100 years are gonna be bored as fuck having to memorise names and dates of events that led to the fall of the Republic.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Future? I mean goddamn we were studying it in AP us history last year, and this coming year it's going to be in AP US Gov for sure.
$C: The winners get to write history. You and I aren’t winning. 
$C: Was literally saying this to my dad earlier tonight. I just got out of high school. I never thought I'd be living the kind of stuff that I used to be taught. Blows my fucking mind. 
$C: We are living history now! Usually you dont think about it because its 'boring', but this! This is craziness! Im not American, so i love the drama, its real life House of Cards spinoff, and its history! Crazy! 

I also have a friend from Holland who supports Trump so i get first hand experience of the MAGA craziness. Madness! 

Half of me loves to watch the world burn, but the other half is worried about WW3... 
$C: History of the Republic of Gilead 101. I’m not sure many people will understand this reference
$C: I'm betting the treason is mitigated in the history books
$C: This has always been the most frustrating parts of history for me. When everyone knows something terrible is happening but nothing happens to stop it and then it just keeps happening for some inexplicable reason. And you just read about it wondering why the hell no one did anything at the time. 
$C: Hello future historians
$C: I feel like it will most likely be called "The Age of Outrage". People this administration have been encouraged to hate others based on politics, beliefs, race, gender, etc. Before it happened but was frowned upon, now it's encouraged by a person that's supposed to represent the country. The damage has been done for now. Long after Trump is gone, this hate and division will still be in our country. We will have to work hard to repair those damages and rifts in our communities and our country. 
$C: I don't think it's over yet. I was always a pessimist but this all this stuff reads like things that happened before a war. like 1933 Germany or some shit.
$C: Thank god I’m going to be teaching medieval history…I don’t know how I’ll be able to explain any of this to a class.
$C: Definitely true. But it might also be completely devastating for us, personally, and for our children and our children's children. That part would be less cool. 
$C: The Second American Revolution. This time against our own government.
$C: Historians are going to come across the movie "Idiocracy" and news clips from present day, and be unable to tell which is fiction and which is non-fiction.
$C: Depends on who wins in the end. What do you think a Betsy Devos approved history book would like like?
$C: I was here
$C: The spin off movie is going to be ridiculous!!
$C: The Anti-information age
$C: That's both interesting and scary and probably true.
$C: Greetings from 2 months in the future! Everyone has forgotten all about this. 
$C: If we can get rid of him, or the GOP. We could end up with “this was the start of an amazing time.”
$C: As a professional historian in training, I'm not excited about tying to teach about this. My perspective comes from learning to teach undergraduates at a college or university. You could spend an entire semester's worth of classes talking about the past two years, but the odds of a class such as that being widely available, let alone offered, is slim to none. At least at the two universities I have attended, all students are required to take two or three history courses to graduate. Those two or three courses are usually World History 1 & 2 and maybe a US History course. So 99% of students wouldn't even sign up for a class dedicated to this topic even if it were offered. Additionally, while this topic may be covered in a later lecture of the World History 2 course, you would only get 50ish minutes for the lecture if you're lucky. Trying to explain the past two years in a condensed frame would not only fail to do the topic justice, but will require the cutting out of important details. And at the rate this is going, it's only going to get harder to find a way to adequately explaining this to students. 
$C: Like Caligula?
$C: This Reddit thread might even be mentioned. I'm sure future historians will be interested in how people responded to such incredulous events.
$C: Yeah, hopefully there will be history not re-written to show this is a positive light.
$C: Yes but are we living the prelude or the main event?
$C: Except, you would never cover it until, at least, college. High schools can barely get into the Cold War/Vietnam War, as is. In college, you'd have to take specific classes to get into the topic, as you'd probably wouldn't get past Bush Jr.

 That was my experience anyway, so other schools might be able do so, but mine never covered much of the 21st century, other than, say, 9/11.
$C: I feel like it will be so convoluted and incomprehensible that explaining it would take a 10-season HBO series with spinoffs and a post-show panel discussion for each episode.
$C: What future?
$C: I hope it’s not all covered up for 10+ years
$C: I just hope said history class won't have to take place in a bunker.
$C: Prepare yourself for your children and grandchildren asking what you did during this time to protect our democracy. Protest, call your representatives, soon it will be time to canvass and vote for the party not actively running interference for Vladimir Putin.

None of these actions will be a strong push on the needle, especially calling our traitorous congress-critters,  but you will be able to tell your children that during this time you upheld your responsibilities.

And take pictures at the protests, your kids can use them in their social studies presentations.
$C: Breaking news: Betsy Devos cancels all history classes. Forever.
$C: I can't wait to see APUSH tests in the future
$C: The Orange age
$C: You think we'll have education in the future? Way to stay positive!
$C: Finally we can skip some of the boring American history in the beginning that nobody bothered to remember much of and start the year off with some modern stuff before going back and working up through time. Gives the kids something to hope for. 

My junior year history teacher was terrible. I hated learning about prohibition and obscure senators who stabbed each other over territory disagreements or some shit. It felt so asinine compared to the times of warfare, cuz all of American history seems to happen in the 10 years leading up to war and the 10 years after. 
$C: I can't help but picture my PolSci professor, Dr. Loiterman standing in front of that dingy classroom, excitedly waving his hand around while breaking down in minute detail what is undoubtedly the most hysterical political moment in modern history. God speed, Dr Loiterman, God speed.  
$C: My baby is one year old and I’m trying to figure out how to explain this all to him when he learns about it in 7th grade history class. Oof. 
$C: hahaha, *future*
$C: It might be clearer what actually happened by then.
$C: You know that time when people were merely annoyed about embelishments, "yellow journalism", and campaigns that consisted solely mud-slinging (defamation)? nah, these days it's all about *fake news*.
$C: There's a future?
$C: Stupid Watergate
$C: ... still isnt enough to bring the changes that are needed. 
$C: The cynic in me is telling me it'll be glazed over, or erased from the history books if the Republicans were to win the next elections again - history is written by the victors, after all. Trump is trying to rewrite history (or our recollection of it) when it comes to the previous president, first by trying to de-legitimise his presidency  by questioning his nationality and religious belief, nowadays by claiming the results from his presidency as his own. I'm not saying Obama's a saint (he didn't close gitmo or end the wars as he promised for example), but remember what he did, not what his successors are saying he did.  


And likewise with this presidency: write it down. Be critical of future retellings of this period. Even then it'll be simplified a lot by "eh he was a twat".  


I mean Bush was too but his presidency was overshadowed by 9/11.
$C: *if there are
$C: My Trump voting boss told me he hated history  and thought it was a pointless subject. 
$C: Depends on who writes it, don't it? 
$C: How I so dearly hope there's a future
$C: Might depend on who gets to write that history.
$C: Get me in the screenshot
$C: “The Art of History” by Donald Trump
$C: *"yeah, we can skip over chapter 8"*
$C: Future history class sounds awesome!
$C: I’m not sure any of this will make it into the school history books.
$C: I was thinking recently about this.

What is it going to be like for the grandchildren of forever-trumpers?

The ones that will still say it was a conspiracy.

I picture a child coming home from school and saying, "Teacher asked us to talk to our grandparents about the Trump era."

I picture the grandparents saying, "It was all HILLARY'S fault! Let me tell you about some emails."

What is it like a generation later when some facts become well known, and the people on the wrong side still refuse to see them? It's crazy to me that this is almost certain to happen.
$C: I would like to skip ahead please. 
$C: It’s cute that you think anything that makes the US look bad will make it into a textbook in a US school.
$C: How much did we get about Nixon or Jefferson in history class? Mine went like this, Nixon did something illegal, BUT Clinton and Jefferson were the ones that got impeached. 
$C: I don't know. I mean, they barely teach watergate. I had to look into it myself to figure out what was going on. 
$C: If we survive.
$C: I'm so mad I'm gonna have to talk my kid through this bullshit so he can pass history in 10 years. 
$C: crap I never took future history 
$C: It will be ignored. They will remember in class the fake news that surrounded it, the false narrative by the media, the 90% negative coverage Trump got and how he still won a second term,ect. They will remember in class  RUSSIANS shot down an airliner, invaded Crimea and Obama getting caught on an open Mic saying ""Tell VLAD I'll have more flexibility after the election"". In class they will remember John Brennan VOTED for a communist but Obama put him in charge of the most powerful position in government. What will be taught is how fucked up the Deep State is and by then hopefully WAS. BUNCH OF DIRTY SICK COMMIE BASTARDS.
Oh and Obama didn't do ANYTHING about all the stuff Russia did. Why? What do they have on him?
$C: Assuming we can still read and write by the end of all this and haven’t been reduced to drooling troglodytes.
$C: That depends on who wins.
$C: They're going to have to dedicate a lot of time to it, its gonna be the longest chapter in the text book.
$C: Future history was always my worst subject.
$C: Not when you realize "Grab them by the pussy." Is now something that will be in history books. 
$C: We're subjected to propaganda in public schools, fox "news", talk radio blatherers and even here on reddit, that fine mixture of astroturf and bullshit that is the "walkaway" subreddit. If you're not taught to think, and this is *all* you hear, you take it as seriously as a Taliban guy who has only attended Madrasses takes Islam.
$C: How would you even condense this to a chapter in a history book. So much shit going on. We learned about hundreds of years of history in school. The focus during the last two years was on ~120 years of German history (1870-1990). Theres just no room to explain 2-3 years of this that manages to make anyone understand how this could happen.

But you already know kids will have to write essays on "How could Americans let this happen?". 
$C: >*Man all this stuff is going to be amazing in future history classes.*

What future...?
$C: You seem really confident about this "future" thing that you speak of
$C: whoever is the first one to post the impeachment announcement will probably break 1000 gold
$C: https://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/2lwm9q/_/
$C: I think (if I’m not mistaken) the EA “sense of pride and accomplishment” comment got ~90 gilds so that it would still show up despite the 670k downvotes.
$C: Somebody wants this to be seen for a little money, obviously. 
$C: People really need to stop gilding stuff until reddit actually does something about the bots/trolls/what have you.

Granted most of their income is probably from ads, but stopping the gilding can't hurt.
$C: Heh. I hope you're ready for this bad boy.


https://www.reddit.com/r/MMA/comments/6mpyn4/dana_got_a_little_excited_at_the_press_conference/dk3g4iz/
$C: Makes me wonder where all that money comes from?

This is literally conditioning the community to behave in certain ways and more likely to upvote/submit posts with a certain narrative.
$C: I wish the gold actually did something about this mess
$C: EA’s prise and accomplishment comment had 90 Gold
$C: Why? Why do people buy gold so many times over? Why this particular story too? 
$C: You missed history with the dick eating guy then, 400+ gildings. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: You didn’t see r/thanosdidnothingwrong right before the snap...
$C: The most RED FLAGS I’ve ever seen.
$C: You think the day Trump is sentenced and put behind bars on camera will be the 1 million up-Votes? 


That or it's confirmed video evidence he's been a robot this entire time, which was why Steven hawking feared A.I. So much...
$C: A fool and their money are easily parted.
$C: Happy little stars
$C: Nice catch, most for me too


$C: the most I've seen (or know about, anyways) is the EA PR-~~nightmare~~ attempt at damage control, and that's currently sitting at 95. I'd be more surprised if this didn't break a couple hundred gold, seeing as how many people hate him, and that he's more-or-less taken over the republican platform for the time being.
$C: Well, the president of the USA committing treason isn't that common a thing. Before this president, anyway.
$C: So _this_ is the Trump golden shower they keep talking about??
$C: So many gold stars that if it were a family the Donald would mock it
$C: A golden shower. 
$C: One dude ate a bull's penis and got over 90
$C: If Trump had a Reddit account, pretty sure he would be mocking this family of Gold Stars.
$C: Did you see the EA comment?
$C: Deserves 50
$C: Who cares about Reddit gold?
$C: Motherfuckin Midas
$C: You’ve obviously never been knocked out.
$C: I believe the EA battlefront II comment has more
$C: A League Of Legends post or comment got 400. I don't remember which though
$C: There's a comment which has 1500+ gold 

Here : http://www.reddit.com/r/streetwear/comments/6r4un0/-/dl2wcu4
$C: It's funny how this was known in the media back near the time of his inauguration, that he was briefed on Russian interference.   Now it is getting more attention, maybe because we have a big visual example of Trump being subservient to Putin.  
$C: Not me. This kid I had Kindergarten with was a stud and was getting like 30 a week.
$C: So many gold stars donald Trump will attack his family
$C: The circlejerk is strong.
$C: I added one!
$C: Probably because this is extremely dangerous to our democracy...

[https://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/88ll08/this\_is\_what\_happens\_when\_one\_company\_owns\_dozens/](https://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/88ll08/this_is_what_happens_when_one_company_owns_dozens/)
$C: https://www.reddit.com/r/StarWarsBattlefront/comments/7cff0b/seriously_i_paid_80_to_have_vader_locked/dppum98/
$C: How do you even get a gold star?
$C: Wait and see... 

https://www.reddit.com/r/streetwear/comments/6r4un0/%5BAdvert%5D_After_months_of_sewing_and_hard_work%2C_I_released_a_collection_called_%22Raw%22/dl2wcu4/?utm_source=reddit-android
$C: ....since 1930s Germany
$C: Fastest gold i've ever seen
$C: /r/leagueoflegends had a pro player AMA hit 400 gold once, mostly in response to someone claiming they'd literally eat a dick if it did. 
$C: #NAZIGOLD
$C: Ya that's actually retarded. I wish I was part of the circlejerk to get some
$C: ...and for an article that proves nothing with regards to the two key problems:

* Did Russian involvement *decide* the last election?
* Was Russian involvement the *only foreign influence* on the election?








$C: It's like mariokart
$C: I think I’ve seen more on pride and accomplishment
$C: There's 50 now. Ironic.
$C: So nobodys going to bring up the fact VP donated 400 MILLION to HC's campaign.
$C: Hahahaha Trump is going to steamroll you pussies in 2020.....get your Kleenex ready soyboys!!!!!

Haven’t you retards been saying Trump will be impeached since 2016? My god get a new idea or something, fucking uneducated liberal welfare state non-American citizen supporting fucksticks
$C: Park rating 📉
$C: *Mr. Bone Spurs' Wild Ride
$C: I WANT OFF UNCLE SAM'S WILD RIDE
$C: Me thinks we should change the name a bit. How about Uncle Sam's Sick Ride? We could call it the U.S.S.R. for short.
$C: ERROR ERROR ERROR
$C: Had to make a subreddit for that one, /r/UncleSamsWildRide
$C: I left to the EU a bit before the election, I had a friend in the cyber security business who convinced me of the severity of some the guccifer operations and that the election was possibly in danger.

I was called alarmist.  I just wanted a more stable life.  I had other reasons for leaving too. 

Now I sit back and watch in horror as this worst nightmare unfolds.  I am now positive that I will renounce my US citizenship soon.
$C: Then save your money and get out 
$C: It's like one of those old rickety wooden roller coasters. It makes you nauseous and it might fall apart and kill you.
$C: Hey Wonka, I WANT OFF!
$C: Easy, go vote.
$C: Uncle Vladdy*
$C: But won't the movie be great? It'll be like Action Point. 
$C: Who wants a Moustache Ride?
$C: Show me on this doll where Uncle Donald touched u...Oh fuck it
$C: At this point Uncle Sam is a creepy uncle you don't want around when he drinks.
$C: Great band name. 
$C: Too late now, you paid your park admission and decided to get on the roller coaster. You need to wait till the ride is done so you can safely disembark. 

I'm sure the rest of the amusement park should be alright when you get off. I mean, the fires, bombings and riots weren't that bad. It's the plague I would be worried about.
$C: "Your treasonous president is too intense for me"
$C: You mean Daddy Putin’s wild ride?
$C: call your senators and congress members
$C: i bet you say that about all your uncles
$C: To be perfectly honest, stories about how you guys in the US can be fired on essentially a whim make me think it’s not just the labour laws but all middle management is made of psychopaths.


I understand letting someone go if they are a real detriment to the business but to take people’s livelihoods away without a second thought signals to me a massive overwhelming lack of compassion in your society.



Wtf America! 
$C: I remember I got detention for being late to class. I was right outside the door and I dropped my pencil. I bend over to pick it up and the bell rang while I was standing right next to the door frame. Teacher gave me detention. That was the moment that crushed all my hopes and dreams about people being fair in the world.
$C: Well, I mean it *was* probably in the Employee Handbook.
$C: This buffoon was 12 minutes late to tea with the Queen!
$C: Yeah but "when you're POTUS, they let you do it. You can do anything".
$C: You've got my vote!
$C: If we can't trust you to turn up on time to push carts, I'm not trusting you to be President.
$C: The more prestigious and senior a job, the harder it is to get fired. 

I've known people working in extremely senior legal, government, and business positions be complete fucking baboons and achieve nothing while getting promoted. Meanwhile an entry level person on minimum wage gets fired because their train was late.  
$C: My GF is sick and has been vomiting non-stop all day and night. Her insurance sucks and she can’t afford going to the doctors because of it, and she is afraid that if she calls off she will be fired. WELCOME TO AMERICA. 
$C: This is what you get when education is vilified: facts are considered to be plastic when inconvenient, journalistic integrity is demonized instead of questioned and determined, intrinsic values are replaced with ignorant opinions, and finally, a major political contest can be won by 49% of the popular vote.

Don't quote the figure, I'm being purposely inexact.

This world...
$C: Not said often enough, this is also Trump's first job.
$C: You should have asked the Russians for help, you would still have your first job.
$C: Bubbles, is that you?
$C: My first job was heating frozen food at a pizza buffet, and I got fired for not "looking happy."
$C: I got fired for coming too early in my first job
$C: Thats absolutely crazy to me. I showed up 5 hours late without announcing, missed work a couple of times also without announcing and nobody cares and I got paid way more than cart pushers.
$C: If I could give you gold right right I definitly would. U/idontwanttoArgueok be ready the next couple of days I’ll be ready 
$C: Only job I ever got fired from I was 14 washing dishes for 4 dollars an hour under the table. The manager wanted to have a company meeting after close on a Wednesday. My parents said I couldn't go because it was a school night and the meeting didn't start until 11 pm. I went in on my next scheduled day and one of the waitresses gave me my last envelope of money. The manager didn't even have the balls to tell me I was being let go.
$C: a few years ago i was in a customer service job, going about my business, getting the hang of things. bout 3 months in and im doing pretty well, hitting all my marks, and i get called into a meeting with my manager. he says im doing great, but i need to start paying attention to my attendance. confused, i asked him what he meant, as i was only late once and i had called that morning to let them know. he said you've clocked in late about 11 times this past month. i said no, thats absurd, i certainly did not. he showed me my punch records and sure enough, i clocked in late by 1 minute 11 times. i didnt stay there long. but how do you, as a manager, tell a quality employee with a straight face that this is an actual issue that needs to be addressed? its enough to drive you bonkers
$C: And now this guy is Bubbles
$C: Y'know that raised an interesting question. Is this Trumps first "Job". I know he runs his little petty hotel empire but he was basically handed the keys to that by his Dad. Has Trump ever "worked for" anyone?
$C: Got fired for throwing away stale chips at mine
$C: I just imagined getting called in to the office upon arrival and then imaginary me gets fired, tells off the manager, removes his uniform, and walks out the front door in his underwear with chest hair sizzling in the sun when he gets outside. All the while everyone is staring at me the whole way to the bus, on the bus, and after I get off.
$C: Lol
$C: In the UK, your employer would have been taken to the cleaners for that
$C: Should have ran for president. 
$C: If it was my country, they'd be forced to give you a full monthly salary + all taxes as severance and half of it as notice, for every year you worked there. Then you'd sue for being reinstated. The court would last for six months, then you'd be reinstated, receiving those six months' salary with interest and you wouldn't give back your severance. Then the next day you'd quit and the company wouldn't be able to do anything about it.

I received a huge offer from General Electrics to work on their software "Smallworld" just three years ago. I refused, even though my salary would be quadrupled.
$C: I'm in my third year at my job. I just can't be fired on a whim. I can't be 'let go' just because management feels like it, unless they want to be sued into oblivion. If I was consistently bad at my job I would have to be offered training and performance improvement plan, if I'm still shit then I could be dismissed. If I am made redundant (as in my job position no longer is required) the company cannot employ someone for a similar position for at least 6 months. I have 25 days a year paid holiday plus national holidays. I get 2 weeks statutory paternal leave, my wife gets 9 months. I get 10 days statutory sick leaves with more at the company discretion.

Here, in the UK, it doesn't really matter what your job is, you are protected by employment law that prevents arbitrary terminations, unfair pay and excessive hours.

It seems like the U.S. has a lot to learn based on what I've read. Not everyone is a liar and just wants to bash the U.S.
$C: i was once fired for being a second overdue on a project. a second. like 1:00:01
$C: I'm so proud of you. 
$C: Trump is a living insult to the very concept of fairness
$C: When you're President of a country, they let you do it.  You can do anything.
$C: Ricky? Oh wait he wasn't late, he just stole a car radio
$C: You were wrong. Another black gold recipient. You should need to find a job though.
$C: He's really good friends with his boss
$C: The fuck is wrong with that market? Did someone died for being stuck on shopping carts?
$C: It's not "fucked up", it's worse: this is power imbalance working as designed.
$C: Sell it any way you want, but you got fired from a job where all you had to do was push shopping carts.
$C: So you worked at Target as well?
$C: We also have the other extreme too. Where sometimes employees cant be fired no matter how poor their performance is. Sometimes it can take years. New Yorks rubber room teachers are perhaps the most infamous. Where teachers who are bad at the job are paid to do nothing sometime for years. 

I had a job pushing shopping carts at Walmart for about a year as a second job. I liked the exercise and enjoyed the job more than my 9-5 office job. I also liked that I was basically able to set my own hours and able to quit at the drop of a hat.  
 
Also I was surprised to see that two of the cart pushers were mentally challenged. I found I enjoyed working with them more than the others. Glad to see that the store managers gave them a lot of slack when they made mistakes. One had been fired from Albertsons after working there for several years. I didnt expect Wal mart to be more caring than Albertsons.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Ohhhh, see I thought you said *Bladimir B. Butin*. 
$C: Wait, Vladimir V. Putin ***of Russia***?
$C: "Wait, you said Prussia right? Cause I've clearly been saying Prussia didn't interfere in our election. Russia makes more sense tho cause we've been colluding with them since day one. My bad sorry for the confusion guys." Trump next week
$C: This is why you always leave a note. 
$C: "That's the same guy?!"
$C: I thought it was a double negative. Vladimir V. Putidn't. 
$C: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UXpRswM-tzc
$C: Underrated comment. 
$C: It's the same guy? But he was very definite in his denial of meddling. I don't know what to believe anymore. 
$C: I think he reason he kept denying Russian involvement is that they had blackmail on him too, not just the Democratic Party and Hillary.

An amount of evidence that would be so damaging that he'd be sent to court and jailed for a long time no matter what they'd do. I remember how Assange and Wikileaks were the first to publish the Hillary papers and then we had a FBI boss that announced new information *right before the election*.
$C: The V is for villain isn't it?
$C: There are a lot of people in the world.
$C: "Vladimir was doing it? Okay, but what does that have to do with Putin?"
$C: [I Invalid Trump](https://new.wordsmith.org/anagram/anagram.cgi?anagram=Vladimir+Putin&language=english&t=500&d=&include=Trump&exclude=&n=&m=&a=n&l=n&q=n&k=1) 
$C: > "Wait, that's the same Vladimir V. Putin that we saw the other day? Aw guys, you gotta tell me these things!"

He probably thought it was a double negation.
$C: Sounds like Kelso from that 70's show 
$C: *The* Vladimir V. Putin?? 
$C: Happy cake day!
$C: Guys. Can we just not with this one? It's just a little too real. I'm sure he'll use this.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Does that mean we can get rid of his appointed judges too?
$C: > the founding fathers were very well aware of John Locke

Jefferson basically plagiarized Locke in the Declaration. We live in the world Locke built.  


$C: But what about propaganda? Using false or exaggerated info to sway perceptions.  That's everywhere.  How can anyone stop that even if we dissolve the US government, as if that's even possible.
$C: Serious question from a non American, I constantly see ‘Russian interference on the election’. However it’s never expanded on, can you explain? Like are they saying that they rigged voting machines, or are they just talking about Russian bots on Twitter? What kind of interference happened?
$C: "A leader can't lead 'til he knows where he's going." - John Locke
$C: John Adams said:

> Our Constitution was made only for a moral and religious people. It is wholly inadequate to the government of any other.

I don't know about you but I think that counts as an admission that the constitution wholly inadequate.


$C: You can’t remind someone of something they never knew. ;)
$C: This is exactly what russia wants. they always have and always will try to make the American people doubt our democracy. even if they didnt interfere in the election (obviously have), They are loving all the fear and commotion that this is causing. They want the American people to hate the very idea of democracy. 
$C: A crumbling democracy won't likely be replaced with a kinder new form. The Second American Revolution ( Third if you consider the Civil War) won't likely result in a more effective government, but instead a trimmed down for efficiency variant where the current intrinsic bureaucracy is stripped away. A more violent popularity contest could result in a person not unlike Putin becoming the leader, as it would take a focused and violent narcissist to lead such a movement. 

I mean I'm just thinking outside the box, but history has been known to repeat.
$C: [deleted]
$C: What about the black smoke monster?
$C: The issue here is that people actually did vote for him. The votes themselves weren’t changed or tampered with.
$C: Ironic, considering the U.S Government has been doing this to other countries since the dawn of the Constitution.
$C: Fortunately, the Government was not found to have been swayed by an outside influence. The voters opinions were swayed by many things, mostly hidden Facts revealed, but the government itself was not swayed.

Also, evidence to date has shown that no physical votes were changed by Russian hacking. The election results were the will of the people per how our election was designed to work.

Even the democrats use of illegal alien votes and dead votes, if there were any, could not tip the scales towards Clinton. The people just did not trust her, like her, or want her policies.
$C: I mean, it's not like Russia manufactured fake votes or something.  The votes were real.  They just convinced people to vote for trump.  John locke's ideal only works when the people voting understand what is and isn't actually in their best interests.  The problem isn't that Russia put a bunch of propaganda in Facebook and targeted ignorant people with it, the problem is that there were so many ignorant people out there to be targeted and that it was so easy to target them.  And this had probably been happening for years and years, it's just the first time it worked so catastrophically on such a massive scale, and the first time we have so much detail about how it happened.  I mean, tricking people into making decisions against their own interests is kind of an age old trick of con men and governments alike.
$C: Sounds a lot like how the EU runs. But yeah keep morally aggrandizing yourself with calls for revolution behind your computer screen on Reddit. We have bread and circus to prevent that, it's not happening. Also, still no evidence shown to actually convince the American publuc such attacks existed and actually influenced the election, other than the stating if "complex attacks that couldnt be traced". Remember there were many reports of "wmds in Iraq" and look how that turned out.
$C: Which chapter is this in the second treatise? I'm not doubting you, just wanna check up the sources.
$C: Honestly though, I don't think Locke really meant that it's enough for a NYT-blogger to accuse for it to be in effect.

I'm sure they agreed a lot with Mills as well, yet no one that isn't already on Trumps side seem very convinced that social liberty is a given. Quite the opposite actually.
$C: 4 8 15 16 23 42
$C: Been a bit but I don't think this is right. Locke was concerned with the consent of the governed, and while consent may be more readily given to a democracy, form is irrelevant as long as consent to being governed is given. We definitely still consent to our constitutional form, but are being failed by our leaders...
$C: I want Trump gone too, but here's the thing... They didn't hack the voting machines (that we know of), they only put up stupid shit online that people ahould have been smart enough to understand was bullshit, and they leaked real, cryptographically-signed emails showing everyone what shady shit one of the two parties was up to. The president was still entirely fucking elected by the governed, and I'm sick of people grasping at straws. No, until there's proof that the shitbag who serves as president did something illegal, he's **not getting impeached** so stop acting like it should be happening any moment now...
$C: Do you think Locke's interpretation should be pushed by every country that's had their democratic process manipulated by the US Government on your behalf? 

Interference happens. It is what all governments do. They leverage situations to the benefit of their own interests. Election manipulation is something they simply dont talk about - like all clandestine activities.

I would go so far as saying that the US intelligence community is also exercising an unprecedented degree of influence here. The error being made is in assuming US agencies dont also have an agenda.
$C: Shut down AIPAC then.
$C: Pretty sure it was Thomas Hobbes and the *Leviathan* that formed the social contact you are talking about. Jean-Jacques Rousseau's ideas was a cornerstone for the social contract theory.
$C: Does this mean I can not go to work today?
$C: Yeah the dude with the hatches 
$C: John Locke's ideas were thr foundation of the liberalist revolutions in America and in France. The ideas are so standard no among western world that they are conservative ideas. But, I mean beforehand there was the divine right of kings to rule a nation and public education wasn't seen as important.
$C: I dont think the people in those times expected the government to be so tightly protected by automatic weapons though.

Hard to revolt with a full mag unloaded into your chest -- or at the very least, a barrage of pepperspray
$C: I am not into this russia hysteria like you, but, don’t you think what you are advocating would help putin?
$C: Librenet is rising my friend. Join me. 
$C: When’s the revolt scheduled? My job requires I put in time off requests a month or more in advance. And if someone else asked off on the same day first, tough shit.
$C: untie the knot. 
$C: They didn't have a system to control where the nominees come from which still means that we're not picking our representatives 


Actually they did, they ensured the wealthy and upper class would always be the nominees, because they had to be land owners.  Once more people owned land, it didn't make sense to restrict it to that, so it appears to be a concession by the oligarchs, when in reality, they just shifted the requirement for political access to literally lots of money....and it worked.  We don't elect our representatives in any meaningful way.
$C: But what steps do the Americans take to realize this? 
$C: Last part just seems like it's from LOST
$C: I think you take this one step at a time. Let's just actually hold Russia/Putin accountable first. 
$C: Let's try to avoid that.  Let's remember Russia meddling isn't just to get Trump elected. It's to get the country so split that they can't function as a democracy. If they can't function they can't govern.  Maybe find commonalities with the republican voters who are not bat shit insane. Help them find good candidates that they can replace the current ones with. You need both parties regardless, you need opposition. What you don't need is incompetent, spineless, corporate backed representatives. Don't forget all this talk about meddling and meme armies is stuff we all do as a crowd for free daily.  What you do on a day to day is what these people pay millions to accomplish.  Figure out how to expose the paid stuff and work to find some ethical moral core that both parties can agree on and get people elected who represent those core values. 
$C: >that those elected MUST be elected by those being governed

Thank you for supporting Voter ID laws. 
$C: Kinda sucks the government military has an awful lot more firepower to the citizens compared to 200 years ago.
$C: Now's as good a time as any to remind everyone that John Locke made a killing in the triangle trade
$C: Yup.
$C: Remind me again how unmitigated illegal immigration with full voting rights then follows your philosophical code? Or are you just quoting Locke to use as a manipulative weapon against people who actually respect his philosophy?
$C: He wasn't duly elected. He didn't win the popular vote!

Don't have to follow the rules if the rules don't apply!

Edit: this is sarcasm, people.
$C: Then we need to should take to the streets. Like, millions of us.
$C: I recall lots of Americans willing to start a civil war in the past...this is something worthy of a civil war no?
$C: lmao, because suddenly the CIA spooks are reliable.

Bring your imperialist and liberal apologia elsewhere.

Although, I suppose leftists aren't exactly welcome in /r/worldnews, its all just a liberal/centrist circlejerk.
$C: Did Locke help us in WWII? /s
$C: No this is ridiculous. No one is going to "revolt" so stop this nonsense. 
$C: I'm down for a new government but we will need a means to stop this tyrannical force and create a well armed militia. But citizens cant own full auto weaponry or explosives or tanks or jets....seems our freedoms have already been taken from us slowly but surely.
$C: It's not like Russia sent millions of russians to America just so they could vote for Trump
$C: “In March, the Department of Homeland Security declared that Russia was targeting the American electric power grid,”

holy fuck. This is terrifying. 
$C: Brennan didn't trust Trump even before he took office. Brennan probably knows things regarding Trump that haven't been made public yet. 

So when Brennan brings up Treason....... 
$C: If true (and I don't really see a reason to assume it isn't) this is pretty damming stuff. Hopefully the Republicans in charge will actually do something instead of just cowering in fear and acceptance
$C: “... that Moscow’s cyberskills were so good that the government’s hackers would never have been caught. Therefore, Mr. Trump recounted from his conversation with Mr. Putin, Russia must not have been responsible.”

Comforting to know our president thinks more highly of Russian Cyber warriors than our cyber security.
$C: Does this explain that absolutely confused and devastated look he had on his face after meeting Obama privately? I’ll never forget [that photo.](http://www.gannett-cdn.com/-mm-/f886e5a69dd9a52cb279ad30034c92a16684d1f0/c=0-99-5097-2979&r=x1683&c=3200x1680/local/-/media/2017/03/05/USATODAY/USATODAY/636243253866535231-EPA-FILE-USA-GOVERNMENT-TRUMP-OBAMA-89298419.JPG)
$C: Also incognito mode. Or pay for a digital subscription and support the New York Times. 
$C: what about anyone that can't read this comment?
$C: If he was only concerned with the legitimacy of his presidency then he wouldn't even bring up OTHER PEOPLE could be responsible .. he would flat out denie it.   HE'S PROTECTING PUTIN
$C: Thanks bud
$C: I would not be surprised if that source close to Putin is now dead because of Trump.
$C: > In July 2017, just after meeting Mr. Putin for the first time, Mr. Trump told a New York Times reporter that the Russian president had made a persuasive case that Moscow’s cyberskills were so good that the government’s hackers would never have been caught. 

> Therefore, Mr. Trump recounted from his conversation with Mr. Putin, Russia must not have been responsible.

That's some air tight logic right there.
$C: Ctrl+F mirror text paywall copy paste
$C: You are doing amazing work and I thank you for your effort sir <3 
$C: Thank you. 
$C: >“Could be other people also. A lot of people out there.”

It's really hard to think Trump isn't a troll.
$C: I hate this timeline.
$C: So it seems likely that, going into Helsinki, Putin was aware the US had a source very close to him. If they were alone in a room, Putin would be stupid not to try and get Trump to spill the beans. 

There’s no way Trump knows the guy’s real name, but let’s hope he didn’t know of any context that could expose him. 
$C: thanks i exceeded my limit for the month.
$C: Is there anyone trustworthy in this entire shitfest?




$C: God bless you. You truely do god's work
$C: Not all heroes wear capes. Thank you for this. :)
$C: So...STILL no proof yet? Just supposed to take the word of professional liars? Yeah, no. 

As a libertarian who voted for Johnson, I'm unempressed. 
$C: As a Frenchman : storm the street, paralyze the economy, get yourself heard, win victories on the street

As someone who knows the American situation : get yourself some early XXth century basic workers right
$C: Vote 
$C: Jesus Christ can Americans stop this "we have tried nothing and are all out of ideas" crap already? 

Get out on the streets. South Korea protested by the millions for MONTHS. Do fucking ANYTHING other than watching Colbert clips and whining about how bad it is on reddit. Grow some God damned balls America. 

Also, this is why you insane lot keep banging on about needing the second amendment....to stop a corrupt government. 
$C: Today Protest. Tomorrow vote out the Republican Party.
$C: Organize nation-wide protests? 
$C: [Click here](https://www.vote.org/) to 

* Register to vote

* Check your registration status

* Get your absentee ballot

* Find your polling place

* Get an election reminder

Midterms matter just as much as the Presidential election. Vote.
$C: What we need to do is a march/occupy on all Trump owned assets in the U.S.

20,000 pissed off motherfuckers show up to Mar a Lago and shut that shit down. Plan it for a weekend so people don't have to miss work.

DDOS IRL
$C: Protest, there are occupy ICE movements going on across this country and I'm sure you can use them to show your defiance to the Trump regime
$C: turn off your computer and take to the streets
$C: Call your Congressperson. Organize. Volunteer to register people to vote. Bake cookies and introduce yourself to all your neighbors, tell them they can count on you for a ride to the polls in November. Protest. Start writing letters to your representatives (postcards I hear are best) with a bunch of friends. Stay loud, post photos of protests and @mention your local news stations. Don't become complacent. That's what you **do** .  Will any of it matter? Maybe, but I'm not going to become complacent and "wait and see." 
$C: Vote for congressmen who will impeach. 
$C: Protest peacefully (also offline) and vote accordingly. 
$C: Revolt. 
$C: General Strike
$C: Impeachment.  However and whatever.  Just make it happen.  This shit needs to stop.
$C: Get out of your fucking house!

Sitting around on Reddit will not solve the problem. Get organized, March on Washington, kick that orangutan out of office. 
$C: Make it harder for votes to be tampered with and be on our guard more when we see politicians doing things outside of our own best interest. 

Vote, always vote forever. Let this be a lesson to us all.
$C: I'm going to hijack your comment to see if I can provide some suggestions, and hopefully people think about this a bit like I have been.

Vote, get other people to vote. Those are obvious. 

But something less obvious : Spread the truth. Do it in person, do it in texts do it in memes. Largely the 2016 election, and the insane state that 1/3rd of the US population is in happened because people fell into some deep rabbit hole of falsehoods and disinformation and now live in another reality. And a lot of that is because of what they see online. 

But people have the ability to do the same thing the Russians did. You can post all over social media what reality is, you can try to convince people, you can meme your favorite candidates into election victories. Its literally how Russians elected Trump. The difference is a "good" version of it would do it with truth, instead of lies.

You don't have the benefit of coordinated targeting, or hacking, but if you got a million people all doing what the Internet Research Agency was doing I'm pretty sure you could change quite a lot of minds. 

I haven't figured out how to do it in a coordinated way yet. Its something I've been musing on for quite a while now. But the battle being waged is information warfare. And really the side of "truth" isn't fighting back at all. 

No matter what its pretty clear "vote" isn't always going to be enough, and in a situation like we are seeing I think people need to start going above and beyond. However people choose to do so (in a lawful and healthy way).
$C: Vote for the opposing party this November (Democrat) so he gets as little power as possible. Contact your Representatives and Senators and let them know that you expect action on this Trump stuff when the time comes.
$C: > Okay, but what do we do?

Organize large scale non stop protests all over the USA.
$C: Stop pretending this isn't precisely the moment the 2nd amendment was written to deter?
$C: I hear those "second amendment people" know how to stop dodgy politicians.
$C: Stay woke. Participate in the organization and enactment of resistance to oppression.
$C: Depose the orange fuck. Pitchforks, guillotines, barricades, pissed off young people, barebreasted women flying a torn flag. That sort of thing.
$C: He must be removed from power by any means necessary, regardless of whether those means are within the construct of the law.

We cannot sit idly by and wait for our feckless legislators to disappoint us yet again while this president—who AT BEST is an unwitting tool and AT WORST is a witting agent of a foreign adversary— tries at every turn to topple the world order which has guided our civilization since the 1940s.

This is ACTUALLY the time to be talking about revolution.

$C: [deleted]
$C: Riot! Lol why did they show him these before then also? And what repercussions would he have knowing this information pay him more because they have proof he helped trump win? Or pay him less because they got caught?
$C: Wu Tang Financial says: Diversify your bonds:  
[http://www.latimes.com/projects/la-pol-ca-california-congressional-race-rankings/](http://www.latimes.com/projects/la-pol-ca-california-congressional-race-rankings/)
$C: First thing, vote. Volunteer for candidates that you support. Organize on their behalf and convince your constituent of the issues that matter to you. 
$C: Give OP a record number of gildings? 

(Seriously,  x36 as of right now )
$C: Hang him by his diaper in town square. Fucking traitor. Just need the rest of the government to Stan... Oh, the rest of the gop is kompromised? I guess it's time to  invest in offshore accounts and forex
$C: Probably nothing. Unless you're one of those 2nd amendment people...? 
$C: Tell your dumb cousin that he’s on the wrong side of history 
$C: Research what has worked for other societies in your position. 

Look up civil disobedience. 

Stop going to work. Stop paying utilities. 
$C: Kind've funny people are still getting up in arms about someone else trying to sway things, when our politicians have been lying to sway things since the beginning of our nation. Hilarious that no one realizes the true issue is how easy it is for media to sway our stupid nation. 
$C: PROTEST. DEMAND IMPEACHMENT. 
$C: [VOTE VOTE VOTE](www.vote.org) 

get registered or Update your voting information.   If you have a printer at home, grab stamps and envelopes and make your friends fucking fill out their information and send it for them. Super simple. I have done it for sevral people so far.  You can request ballots to be mailed to your home so you don’t have to goto your poll if getting to your poll is tough.

$C: Listen to 311
$C: Anyone up for a good ol' fashioned riot?
$C: SHARE THIS TO YOUR OTHER PLATFORMS SO YOUR FRIENDS CAN SEE 
$C: Protest in the streets.
$C: > The Russian efforts are “aimed at sowing discord and divisiveness in this country,” he continued. “We haven’t yet seen an effort to target specific election infrastructure this time. We could be just a moment away from the next level.”

So basically, we can be mad that Russia hacked the DNC and push people to fight, argue and disagree with each other and we need unifying principles and values to keep us strong against corruption and foreign meddling.

Because the GOP and Democrats are trying to unite us under fascist principles and tactics of hyper patriotism. The Russians win on Reddit because the moment you criticise the Democratic party you're a Russian bot.

So we do our best to vote out corruption, so we don't give the treasonous GOP power to allow foreign nationals to have influence in our politics.

And we vote out corporate incrementalist democrats and get money out of politics so that things can actually get done. WE're only so divisive and ripe for the picking because we've been voting on promises. We've let ourselves be made very vulnerable to prevent discourse and examination of the status quo. So our job is to get money out of politics and vote.
$C: shut it down
$C: Easy, you pursue jurnos for actual proof. Based on the proof you then do what needs to be done. Till then stop reading hit pieces with little to no backing to them. 
$C: Call your reps. Make it clear that action on this is a winner - at the local, state, and federal levels.
$C: What did the pr sidebar do at the time?
$C: General Strike says that the general working population is, like, the real   source of value added to the economy.  Ain't shit worth more unless a human has done something with it.  #enough #basta
$C: Strike. Protest. Call for a new government. 

$C: You knock on some fucking doors and you make some fucking phone calls to get everyone you can reach registered to vote for the 2018 midterm elections.

REGISTER TO VOTE
$C: Isn't there a single Democrat with only a couple months to live and a high powered rifle? Time for some actual patriotism. 
$C: Organize protests, even a general strike. Picket your representatives office. Call your representatives. Agitate. Disobey.
$C: General Strike. 
$C: Maybe don't believe obvious bullshit that they claim is from 2 years ago?

Gotta love the NYT starting with a photo where James Clapper, who [committed perjury](https://www.usatoday.com/story/opinion/2018/01/19/james-clappers-perjury-dc-made-men-dont-get-charged-lying-congress-jonathan-turley-column/1045991001/) to Congress, is front and center.

But the truth doesn't matter because <fuck you dad voice>"f___ Trump"</fuck you dad voice>.

Rock that Iraq war believe-the-bullshit mentality, kids.

**"...the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same way in any country." -Göring**

Thankfully this shit is being handled by heavy people that the clown press pretends around behind Trump. ;)
$C: Suit up
$C: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UXpRswM-tzc
$C: Get involved in the political system and vote the republicans out of office.
$C: Second amendment riots in the streets
$C: Seriously. Is this not the modern social forum of the informed? Any power we've gained as a community should actually be put to use. Do we march on Washington? Like is that a thing?

We're a generation that's been brainwashed into thinking those attempts are futile and don't amount to anything. Protests look dumb and don't seem to accomplish anything anymore. We're such a large country it's hard to organize. Where do we need to go/ what do we need to do to physically remove this man from office? It's at that point and we, as a people, are clueless about how to take actual physical action.

We need to DO something. It's getting dangerous.
$C: No, seriously. Why doesn't ANYONE have the power to walk up to the president and arrest him in handcuffs? We have written laws and he's blatantly broken them. What is granting him this immunity not to be arrested? Wtf is going on?
$C: **What** ***can*** **you do?**
$C: I think all censorship should be deplored. My position is that [bits are not a bug](http://archive.is/d4NPt)

That we should create communications technologies that allow people to send whatever they like to each other.

And when people put their thumbs on the scale and try to say what can and can’t be sent,

we should fight back - both politically through protest and technologically through software

— Aaron Swartz (1986 - 2013)

//Replace c with r in the url to see how many post reddit is censoring//
$C: see name!
$C: General strike.
$C: Get one of the guys protesting the White House to get this on a boombox to play on loop:

https://youtu.be/liKhLNY5GYI
$C: I personally feel so desensitized by the constant Trump bashing from media at his every little unpresidential errors that even this isn't enough to faze me
$C: Hit the Russians where it will hurt the most: the price of oil and natural gas. Avoid using fossil fuels wherever possible. Walk, cycle, take transit, whatever. If oil goes down to $40 barrel Putin will have a lot less money in his coffers to launch cyber attacks.

Also, vote.


$C: Eat cake. 
$C: Elect democrats to the House and Senate in November rendering him a lame duck. In two years elect a Democrat president. When Trump leaves office throw him to Meuller and let Meuller yeare him apart and throw the pieces in prison. Rejoin the international community and hope that your friends forgive you for the abuses of this classless buffoon. (We will. I'm Canadian.) 
$C: You guys needs someone to inform, organize and lead the general public. The only one I can think of that is capable of doing just that is John Oliver.
$C: Seriously, admitting that Russia helped him win isn’t by itself a reason for impeachment. But his denial indicates that he knew the whole time it was going on, that he COLLABORATED with the top officials in the Kremlin. Now that is treason.
$C: His denials and our governments inaction. If nothing changes with respect to pushback on Russia we'll likely see our midterms and next presidential election compromised.. followed by continuous lies and denials. No evidence showing me right now that this is not where things are leading.
$C: He was in on it... so obvious 
$C: Not concerning, *treasonous*
$C: concerning????? try traitorous...this fuck should be executed
$C: The only problem there is that he doesn't trust US intelligence...
$C: Would that be considered perjury? Or he hasn’t gone to court, right? What about his cohorts who’ve been denying all of the allegations? 
$C: Reality is what he says it is. That goes for him personally and a lot of his supporters. The rest just has to bend double to make it happen. Then you have the people refuting the claims, but those people are irrelevant because they are clearly not in touch with (his) reality.

The scary thing is that this happens more in business. I see it with some CEOs that take their Vision for reality resulting in a very believable "fake it till you make it".
$C: I don't expect Trump to have the faintest idea who Putin is or what he is capable of, but his advisers do.

Their inability to convince their leader is highly suspect or at the very least gross incompetence
$C: Don't forget this is ONGOING. Every single head of intelligence (Republicans appointed by Trump himself) has agreed that the Russians have never stopped.
$C: He's completely compromised, holy shit
$C: the man doesn't read, so how would he know?
$C: Makes me wonder if he does that surprised look when you already know about the surprise.
$C: If you were colluding with the former Cold War enemy to attack your own county’s democratic institutions and influence the biggest election, would you not be denying it left and right? Lol
$C: The most concerning part of this is that a bunch of idiots elected this guy 
$C: Such powerful denial!
$C: If someone working with Trump knew for a fact that he read documents that directly contradicted things he's said publicly, would they be able to speak out about it? 
$C: Did the previous administration have no information about Russian meddling?
$C: Basically, he knew he was lying all along, all of it was a giant 19 month long lie. 
$C: Maybe it’s not a good idea to trust narcissists to accept facts at odds with the belief that they are the most awesome person ever?
$C: He’s a dictator being told he was not even voted in to be dictator. That’s the reaction of a dictator. Deep down he knows he shouldn’t be there but dammit power is power. He wants to hold onto it as long as he can. He wants that Trump name and family legacy to be top of the chain before he dies. 
$C: Who knows what games the president (dem or rep) has to play between what he knows via gov intelligence  and what he puts out to the public.  It's got to be a multiparadigm chess game to play your cards right in both arenas simultaneously.  I always assume what the president says publicly is meaningless unless it's an expression of policy and intent in the domestic sense, but when dealing with pensive foreign relationships, I view anything said as lip service and there's no way I'll ever see the man behind the curtain.  What's really going on with us and Russia? I'm not so arrogant to think I have a clue.  I know nothing.  
$C: What is concerning is that you people continually act as though you expect him to act as though he is an independent party, yet he is a morally corrupt lying narcissist of dubious mental integrity and very possibly an instigator  and most certainly the beneficiary of the very illegal acts he is supposed to take action against, and you are concerned he knew and did nothing?  Trump is right on one thing, Obama let it happen under his watch. Any other developed country in the world bar N Korea, China and Russia, the population would be paralyzing the capital city with protests.
$C: And everyone in the intel community have been watching all this time, knowing what he knows, knowing what he's been told and shown, hearing him lying his face off every day, and just *seething*. 

I cannot being to imagine how much those folks must fucking hate Trump at this point.
$C: Trump is in Putin's pocket. It's plain and clear. I can't wait to hear what the American interpreter has to say if she has to testify. 
$C: It’s also concerning that this happened under another person’s administration, and I don’t hear (I could have easily missed it) if anyone is seriously questioning those in charge at the time. Who was protecting us then? Where was the oversight by the administration during the presidential race?  If they knew/had evidence about tampering or hacking by Russia, why wasn’t something done during the race?  Did our sitting president or his admin have a duty to report and confront Russia at the time of the hacking?  If anyone has a source to share, I’d be interested in reading it. 
$C: Probably means Putin now knows the gist of what we know, too. 
$C: > This is what makes his denials truly concerning.

Is it really that big of a surprise that he would deny it when it benefited him? 
$C: It's creepy. But also - fascinating. I guess in the sense that if there were any of the typical conspiracy theories (aliens) he would have blabbed about them by now.

Also from the angle of conservative conspiracy theorists that are now literally on the inside. I mean, Alex Jones and him talk. The double think to have for someone like Jones to think that their still on the outside. Or that government is anything more nefarious than the boring but real power struggles that it is. 

Both Jones and Trump insist their the outside and that secret powers are working when they *are* the power. For them to admit that would be terrifying. Because then one would have to come to the conclusion - nobodies in control. 
$C: Pee pee tape
$C: Personally I don't think that the POTUS (whether it was the previous, current, or next) has access to *all* top secret information. If you think about it, these people and their parties are only in the office for 4-8 years, and I'd be surprised if the various agencies who handle this type of information (including the 'black ops' ones we don't know about) are obliged or willing to provide everything blanketly to someone just because they are the president.

These agencies and their staff and their goals will be around long after Trump has gone, so the information that is fed to the POTUS is probably being used for some behind-the-scenes agenda we'll all never know about.
$C: This needs to be higher up
$C: Btw these are same people we had proof of WMDs in Iraq 
$C: I believe that Obama had this information first.  Clearly the government has not caught up to technology and I'm not surprised.   Although I think most of this was fake news click bait from Facebook.   You can find this crap against both political parties,  and none,  on a daily basis.   It makes money.  
$C: But if Russia meddled qith the election, and they knew about it, why didn't Obama do anything? He was president during the election, after all.
$C: He has only denied the collusion charges. People keep equating that with election meddling, which in my opinion was extremely minor. Its aggravating that it happened but it was not nearly as effective as people keep saying. The actual election itself was not compromised and the meddling I can guarantee was no different from past elections, it's just now it's a big deal because Trump is the president.
$C: If this news is true, are you saying Trump should reveal all highly classified information he gets to the world? Isn't he supposed to keep it highly classified?

Also, how is this in the news? Who's leaking this information to the world and why is the news publishing it?
$C: The president doesn't get an all inclusive pass to everything. He obviously has a clearance, but half of the process is need-to-know.

Given how much he likes to chat about everything, they probably try to minimize his access when they can.
$C: Obama knew as well but did nothing remember? This is on him. Trump didnt know until after he was elected. It also proves there was no collusion and putin did it of his own volition, probably because trumps stance on peace.
$C: And? you don't think Obama had access to this info and well in advance of Trump being elected. He may be a POS but he wasn't wrong in calling out this all happened during and under Obama watch. 


Something Reddit seems to be more then happy to stick their heads up their ass and gloss over and pretend this is all squarely on Trump and\or GOP fault.  In fact, prior to losing reddit was in full mocking mode just shitting all over Trump and his supporters at the idea that if he lost was because of rigged elections and what do you know.. Day after the left didn't get their way.. all of a sudden they flip and go full melt down tantrum before there was any proof. 
$C: Only if you blindly believe the CIA. They lie. To you. To me. To elected officials. But they are definitely telling the truth this time.

Which is amazing considering Obama rebuked Trump's claims that the election could be hacked a month earlier. Hadn't the CIA briefed him otherwise? Did they literally get caught with their pants down? They had no intel leading up? Then suddenly after the election they can magically collect a suspiciously perfect picture in under two weeks?

Wow. The CIA is both grossly incompetent AND a hyper efficient unstoppable force. I guess they're whatever the narrative needs them to be.

Bullshit. CIA is playing games at one stage minimum. Same as always. It's the fucking CIA.
$C: [deleted]
$C: It's been one. BUT NO ONE WITH THE POWER TO SAVE AMERICA DOES ANYTHING. Makes me so mad. 
$C: The constitutional crisis is here. We need to take to the streets and force the GOP to act. I cannot believe those fucking traitors are just sitting there doing nothing while this country is being dragged through the mud and sold out to fucking Russia of all places. I'm so fucking mad right now.
$C: It is absolutely maximum alarm and it will not fix itself.

Republicans in Congress are compromised. The people have to deal with this.
$C: I wonder what portion of the 18% downvotes on this are Russian accounts
$C: I'm watching from Canada and I'm afraid for you guys and my friends in the US 
$C: We are way past that point.  
$C: As someone in the UK who has always been baffled by US gun laws. Slowly but surely I'm starting to understand the people who I see on Reddit talking about the second amendment incase of the government going rogue. 
$C: It seems like it would have been a national emergency the minute our leaders found out about Russian meddling, not months or a year after the election.
$C: From the outside its looks like the USA is in a national emergency since 2016. Its like the country is crumbling, but nobody seems to care. 
$C: So, can someone explain to me what makes “this time” so much different from every other “multi gilded reddit post” about something trump has done wrong? 

I just don’t like reading these anymore because I don’t know what line we are waiting to cross when it’s really really bad.

I’m genuinely curious for an answer from someone more politically savvy.
$C: This entire presidency has been an ongoing national emergency. 
$C: "This is extremely dangerous to our democracy"

This is an *international* emergency.
$C: There hasn’t been public proof available until all of these intelligence sources were killed
$C: Honestly, this is barely even newsworthy. We knew congressional leaders were shown plenty of evidence before election day, and we knew it's standard practice to get the president-elect up to speed before inauguration day. He couldn't not have been shown the evidence in this time period. But he doesn't care about the truth, and he doesn't really listen to anyone other than Faux News, and he's not about to call his position into question by admitting that the election was stolen. Never mind the near certainty that he was involved.
$C: It is
$C: It's not. Just another Thursday. 
$C: Why dont you guys just go out and start protesting
$C: I nominate Chancellor Palpatine for emergency powers.
$C: Time to take to the streets. If you don't do it now you're letting it happen.
$C: Can we all organize protests on the streets? I think we really need to.
$C: Does that mean it's time to pray again then?

Isn't that how people there deal with national emergencies? :)
$C: Unfortunately, we the people only serve to elect the officials in office. When it comes to anything being done, we have no power directly and have to hope our elected officials do what is right. 

In this case, the people our Republican friends elected are all complicit for the sake of pandering votes from trump's psychotic base. It also appears that several of them work for Russia, not for us. 

Long story short, our democracy only works if the people we elect work to uphold it. That system is failing on all fronts. We are in for a very difficult ride I fear. 
$C: Yeah, but you know it isn't. It'll be forgotten by some other crazy article/thing he does in less than 48 hours from now.
$C: He’ll tweet something like “LOL fuck the Jews” and the ensuing public outrage will distract everyone from shit like this that actually matters. 
$C: Trump himself said, “I could shoot someone in Times Square, and they’d still love me.”  Fuck him.  I wouldn’t shake his hand if he was in front of me.

EDIT:

Source below. Actual quote:

Trump: ["I Could Stand In the Middle Of Fifth Avenue And Shoot Somebody And I Wouldn't Lose Any Voters"](https://www.realclearpolitics.com/video/2016/01/23/trump_i_could_stand_in_the_middle_of_fifth_avenue_and_shoot_somebody_and_i_wouldnt_lose_any_voters.html) 
$C: November
$C: Why would you think this specific thing would be any different?
$C: Take to the streets, don't let it continue.
$C: Somebody should DO something.

Just not me though cause I have work in the morning
$C: Trump on the leader of the Chinese Communist Party: 

> “**He’s now president for life,**” President Trump told supporters this past weekend. “**President for life. No, he’s great. And look, he was able to do that. I think it’s great. Maybe we’ll have to give that a shot some day.”**
$C: the only thing that can end a presidency in a democracy is thousands of people protesting constantly.

US internal security agencies are directly informing the citizens that there is something wrong, but they probably cannot act without the citizen support.

You need to get your hands dirty and take the streets , peacefully but with strength.
$C: The Republicans would never impeach one of their own before a midterm, if they would at all.

There is an end if America shows them what it thinks of their behavior at the voting booth the November.
$C: Now you're getting it. Our country has failed. The GOP made clear under Obama they would rather destroy the country than lose their precious anti-human agenda. Enough Americans like that idea that they control all three branches of government. He will be here until the end of his term and will *still* have a fair chance of being elected.

Most of my family are Trump supporters. They couldn't care less about any of this. Trump is Republican. Republicans are Christians and Democrats are corrupts secularists. Republicans support John Wayne and Democrats want us to be overrun with Muslims and other foreigners. Trump was correct when he said he could shoot someone in broad daylight and they'd still support him. The problem is not Trump. The problem is the deplorables. That was the correct term for them. The people who harp on about liberals being too PC almost choked when they got called out as the cancer on humanity that they are.
$C: Polls show no reduction in overall support because of this - still at around 47%.  Well over 70% of republicans approve of his handling of Russia (along with 14% of democrats who must have forgotten /s when they answered?!).  It seems the party lines are just to well drawn at this point - the split isn’t about individual events or policies anymore, it’s about us vs them.  When something terrible happens the response isn’t to question and act on it, it’s about not acknowledging it in front of the other team and moving on as quick as possible.  I’m sorry to say recent events are having no tangible impact, and at this rate he stands every chance of winning again in 2020 unless the Dems can get their act together and roll out a great candidate.
$C: Yep. It's like gun control. Once it was OK to shoot up an elementary school, you knew there would never be change. 
$C: This was reported on at the time. This isn't news, it's a contextual reminder of previously public information.
$C: For any person with a shred of decency in them, the Access Hollywood tape should've ended their support.  For hardcore bible thumping Republicans, the suggestion of taking away guns before investigating someone should've ended their support.  For Americans who care about the sovereignty of their nation, his servitude to Putin should've ended their support.

To the people that still support him, he's a religious figure.  He can do no wrong because whatever he does is what is right.  And it's terrifying that people are thinking like this.
$C: Then it may be for life.
$C: I'm getting 2:1 odds on impeachment, so the bookies don't think it'll happen, at least
$C: Wouldn't be surprised if he announces presidents cannot serve a third term was just a myth.
$C: As long as there's a Republican Senate and Congress nothing will be done. Then the GOP will just use their classic whataboutism and blame Hillary/Obama/minorities/immigrants/media. 
$C: This is par for the course (literally since he golfs every 4 days like clockwork).

Nothing can take this guy down. 
$C: If it coming out that he says he "grabs women by the pussy" was not "the end of his presidency" then nothing will be. 
$C: > Well if this isn't the end of his presidency

Spoiler: it's not.
$C: He might be the last US president.
$C: The facade has completely crumbled and all that’s left is the realisation of how powerless we all are (and I’m not even American)
$C: People always ask me about President term limit. Ive got the best idea. Let me tell you. Why dont we make it longer?  China has done very well. America can do it better. We could make the term limit so high. The presidential term limit just got 10 years longer.
$C: In fact, he might "forget" his term ends in 4 years, and make himself the first lifetime president of the US. He would just say law says it is right, and go on with his new empire. 

Sounds crazy, sure, but I can't completely discard it as impossible, which is pretty sad. 
$C: At this point, violence is the only answer. A protest in which armed Americans all stand in front the Whitehouse threatening action is the only way we'll be heard. Words and laws don't mean shit anymore, politically. If Putin's move was to destroy Americans trust in their entire democratic system, he's nailed it. American need a riot reset and it's unfortunate its come to that.

*woo I think I've made it on a list somewhere*
$C: Would you honestly rather have Pence take over????
$C: its not
$C: I am curious as to what aspect Americans are most repulsed by...

First, is it the that you consider it bad that:

- In general, elections were influenced? 
- Is it personal because American elections were influenced?
- Is it personal because Russia influenced elections? or
- Is it a combination of all - American elections were influenced by Russia?

Of all the countries to get pissed off about foreign interferance in domestic political process, the Grand Old USofA has a Grand Old tradition of doing an awful lot of it themselves... and they have done an awful lot worse than stealing and releasing incriminating emails.

Second, assuming the stolen and released emails were actually genuine, what mental gymnastics do you have to perform to conclude that the release did not better inform the voters, and why is a better informed electorate considered detrimental to democracy?


$C: The problem is the only alternative people had was to Vote for Hillary.

If the Dems run her against Trump in 2020, this fuckstick will probably win again.

At this point, Obama haters are probably wishing Obama was still in office.

Come on America, find a credible candidate.
$C: Why can't it be both? He is definitely so narcissistic that he would never admit the victory was anything but his own genius and both Eric Trump and Donald Jr. have been quoted as saying a lot of the financing for the trump companies comes from Russia.
$C: Trump has been playing maga hat's for suckers this whole time,  while taking donations from them worth a smile on his face
$C: After all the conspiracy theories - money laundering, kompromat, Manchurian Candidacies - wouldn't it be a trip if it turns out Trump's only motive was to maintain the illusion that he won the election fair and square?

EDIT: Because we live in the age of necessary /s tags, I will point out once again that I absolutely believe he is guilty of collusion.
$C: >He's been trying to tamp it down ever since either because he thinks it taints his election victory or because he doesn't want to condemn Russia for unknown reasons.

Or he knows he needs their help in 2018/2020
$C: He has issues. It’s a sense of paranoia combined with extreme narcissism. I don’t see how a fully sane person would act in a way he does (unless there’s actually a pee tape or something like that with Russia lol). 

At this point, it’s literally an emergency. He can’t hold his positions for more than 24 hours and he’s becoming a big time international embarrassment. Only if the GOP understands how this will hurt long term lol. Even in terms of pure politics, this isn’t sustainable. 

His cult of supporters for the majority are brainwashed and deluded beyond reason. As long as they think “it triggers the libs”, they don’t care whatever happens lol
$C: > he doesn't want to condemn Russia for unknown reasons.

Rosneft money. 
$C: It clearly *does* taint his election victory.
$C: Ya see, if he had integrity he'd say that they may have been responsible for tipping the election and then proceeded to take any warranted action against them. It wouldn't have meant given Clinton the presidency, just doing his job and protecting the American people
$C: Trump doesn't want to admit Russia meddled not because he is caught in a criminal conspiracy but he is such a fucking narcissist that he can't admit he didn't win bigly without Russia's help.  
$C: The entire GOP has been trying to bury this since the election.  Why the hell did you think so many of them are retiring and why there are so many judges getting forced through. 
$C: Well it's as plain as day. He is owned and operated by russian interest. If he dlipped on them now who would he have left?
$C: doesn't really fit because he had the GOP change their platform on Russia and the Ukraine well before this. He's been soft on Russia for a long time and Jr even said in 2014 "We have all the funding we need out of Russia".  So no, i don't think it's just an ego thing about the election. 
$C: He found out Putin was his BFF because he helped him win. The ride or die kind, since Putin is a bad friend to piss off. 

Plus there's the debt blackmail theory.
$C: REASONS = TREASONS
$C: So it's treason then...or treason
$C: It's so infuriating to see Republicans continue making the completely unknowable claim that "there was absolutely no effect on the outcome of the election."

The only thing we know is that WE DON'T KNOW whether or not the meddling affected the election. With an election that was so close, it is just as likely that the meddling did change the outcome as it is that it didn't.
$C: Or both.
$C: Misinformation, disinformation and muddying up the waters is the Republican Party’s method of confusing a gullible electorate. Aided and abetted by a complicit media. America is fucked.
$C: "Unknown reasons"...
$C: To be fair, he's probably just repeating what FOX said the GAD said.

But yeah, Trump's not going to ever say anything that takes him winning the election out of his tiny hands and gives the credit to someone else (even though that's literally the only reason he won, thanks completely undemocratic Electoral College).
$C: > Still, Mr. Trump said in his statement, “there was absolutely no effect on the outcome of the election.”

So he admits Hillary really is the president, then?
$C: > He's been trying to tamp it down ever since either because he thinks it taints his election victory or because he doesn't want to condemn Russia for unknown reasons.

It can be both, and it very likely is.
$C: or both? what does Occam's razor say here, is the simplest explanation that there is or isn't treason?
$C: Taints? Let’s dismiss with niceties and call it like it is i.e. illigitimize and nullify his victory
$C: "Ok guys so Russia has probably swayed the election in my favor, we need to stop the election and I am stepping down as presidential candidate. Also, they probably did this because of my ties with the Russian mob and because they have videos of me doing some really dirty, feral shit."    
Sound like something Trump would say?
$C: "Unknown reasons" 😉
$C: Has anyone looked into whether or not Trump wants to put one of his "trump tower" hotels in Moscow? 



I mean, getting buddy buddy with the guy leading the country would certainly secure a good sized chunk of prime real estate for when he's out of office. 



Trump is a business man. That's all. His presidency isn't going to stop that, and it's something he'll continue to do after he's no longer president. So in his mind, why not set up some sweet foreign deals?  You know, obliterate a country much like many of his failed businesses, as a stepping stone to more money. 
$C: He knows FULL WELL Russia interfered. He requested it. He funded it.
$C: > Still, Mr. Trump said in his statement, “there was absolutely no effect on the outcome of the election.”

If that was the case, all advertisements makes no sense. There is a reason why companies spend money on advertisement, because it works. This Russian campaign to influence the election outcome went further than just advertisements, of course it has influenced the outcome of the elections.
$C: > “Could be other people also. A lot of people out there.” 
$C: 1. It didn't happen.

2. It was someone else that did it.

3. It happened but it isn't a big deal.
$C: Both. He’s an illegitimate president. 
$C: Maybe now the press will finally start calling Trump what he is: a liar. 
$C: "unknown reasons" 
$C: I think a lot of it is his ego and he wants the world to view him winning as him winning instead of having help.  Sad state of affairs.
$C: Those quotes seem very suspect to paraphrasing, maybe there's a video that shows full quotes? 
$C: Exactly, best case scenario Russia gave Trump a boost in winning and he’s to proud to admit he didn’t win on his own merit/wants the boost again for reelection OR worst case is there was direct collusion between Trump and Putin and probably some type of blackmail.
$C: Got us the OG R Kelly right here, been doing it since ‘72 I bet. 
$C: Or because he knows he colluded.
$C: Awkward? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MzFdMy4gIdQ

(Obama speaking about election meddling right before the election)
$C: It seems like it's more his ego than anything,  he doesn't want people to think that he wouldn't have been president if it weren't for Russia. I don't agree with it but I see why someone with a huge ego would buddy up to someone who helped him win, Russia's been interfering with our elections for a long time and it's possible that they contacted Putin making a deal in exchange for them helping him win, or they could've just found out about it before the election and didn't do anything about it because they wanted Trump to win and could just play ignorant.
$C: why not both?
$C: Is there a way to pay for this thread to be advertised everywhere on reddit or something? I'd throw 100 goddamn dollars at it.
$C: I think the ‘unknown reasons’ are definitely in play. And at this point I don’t think that tape is enough to warrant his behavior 
$C: Impeach this fucker.
$C: The irony is that if he responded appropriately to the attack then we would endorse him as our leader regardless.
$C: Homeboy embarrassed.
$C: America needs federal-level electoral reform: paper ballots, open vote counting, and a 1:1 party member:electoral funding ratio.
$C: I am guessing pride. But also, free money.
$C: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UXpRswM-tzc
$C: It's because of the PEETAPE
$C: I mean, how can we know if there *was* any actual effect on the election result.

For all we know, it might've been the same result if there wasn't any "Cyber-Attack".

Plus, how do we differentiate between opinions that Russian nationals put online, compared to those put online by people from other nationalities. The American online space isn't some protected area. I know for a fact that multitude of non-American, non-Russian people were debating the American elections on public forums online. How do we know those didn't sway the result?

If a Philippine national weighs in on American politics online, is that a cyberattack too? Or is that just someone sharing an opinion?
$C: Or b.c he wants Russia to help him in the midterms 
$C: Trump’s taint will be hard to wash off. 
$C: Not really unknown, he owes them millions of dollars worth of favors, they probably have some really nasty dirt on him (much worse than pissing on a bed), and he's going to need a place to stay  after he leaves office and I hear vlad's couch is open for Russian spies. 
$C: Because he was involved in it? 
$C: Obama himself said the interference didn’t change the election.  

Also, everyone needs to remember these are claims the NYT is making from yet another “source”.  Prove it.  
$C: next thing he will blame the EU, after all they are foes now
$C: If FBI agents running an investigation into Trump can send personal texts saying they'll "take him down", etc., and somehow not influence their work, then it's not far fetched to say Russian social engineering didn't influence the outcome of the election. 

Both are ludicrous. Obviously their attacks had an impact. And obviously the FBI was compromised through politics. That calls into question the entire intelligence community, however, which is a dangerous question to have, especially given the current geopolitical landscape. 
$C: I think it's more like  "people were trying to trick citizens into voting for me, but they would have voted for me anyway because I'm that good, so who cares"
$C: The thing is this. It's not the election interference that makes him illegitimate. It's his steadfast refusal to do the right thing. 

If a better man were president he would tell the truth and then resolve to be the best president he can be, safeguarding America and punishing Russia. 

His vain desire to remain "legitimate" is the exact thing that removes his legitimacy. 
$C: Trump tries to lay blame on other countries and not Russia directly because he is afraid of Putin. Trump has been bed fellows with Russia for a very long time and it all has to do with money.
$C: Past time for States to get their (cyber) shit together? Midterms in 2 1/2 months.

edit: oops That's 3 1/2 months.
I mustve been thinking 'October surprise'
$C: It must be for unknown reasons, he has no problem shitting all over our Allies. 
$C: well it does taint it... because they likely changed votes. 
$C: I pay next to no attention to news or anything like that. Most of what I know is from reddit. It seems like there is such a mountain of evidence against trump. It seems soooooo obvious that he isn’t suppose to be in office.
Why hasn’t he been recalled, impeached or imprisoned yet? 
$C: The reasons are obvious. They helped him get elected. Obviously he’s not going to try and go against his political support. 
$C: Did it ever occur to anyone, that Trump asked Putin to do this for him?
$C: I'd like to see some data on how common these types of operations are worldwide. I bet dollars to donuts that every country with a half-assed intelligence agency attempts to sway an election outcome they deem favorable. Hell, we are notorious for overthrowing governments and installing puppet officials... I'm not defending the practice, I'm just saying that it isn't proof potus is/was complicit. 

The intent behind these types accusations is to delegitimize his role and authority as commander in chief, yet you give him shit for defending himself. In fact, it seems he gets shat on regardless of how he handles any given situation. Anyway, I don't believe the man rigged, colluded or illegally fucked with the election in any way. I doubt the Russians, Chinese, etc had much of an impact either. The Dems screwed the pooch on this one. 

 If the DNC had conducted their business ethically, the leak would have had zero to minimal impact on the outcome. We all know it should've been Sanders vs Trump.  That's the real travesty in all this. 

Even without The Bern at helm, Hillary could have campaigned harder in key states. She underestimated her competition or was in too poor of health to keep up. She could have campaigned smarter instead of running an "It's my turn" style platform. Furthermore, she should have never had that janky private server. She literally had no reasonable defense for destroying the emails or the way she mishandled classified documents. Her quip, "like with a cloth or something?" in regards to wiping the data from that server won her no points from anyone with half a brain. 

There is so much more, too much even, for people to lay the outcome solely on external forces.

*Edit: Elaboration and whatnot 


$C: Most likely the former. He's a narcissist who latches onto whoever he thinks likes him
$C: >Russia, China and other countries, outside groups and countries

Is this statement true or not?
$C: Are there any facts that the outcome of the election was affected by the Russian hacks?
$C: Didn't Lisa Page just testify that other foreign governments other than Russia gained access to Hillary's emails just a day or so ago?
$C: So I voted for Bernie Sanders. Is it wrong that I feel a small amount of pleasure over the fact that the Dems have their panties in a bunch over this stuff? I literally know a current Trump supporter that voted for Bernie in the primaries. But the DNC had to go and step on his neck. You backed the most unelectable person in fucking history instead of listening to your own voters and realizing how unbelievably enthusiastic we were about Bernie.

This wasn't Russia's fault. It was yours. 
$C: It's like there is no accountability for lying. You can say what ever you want and have no consequences. A verbal purge. That's several years running now. 
$C: This is what it’s like to be psychologically attacked by a world superpower.
$C: Look at the\_donald, they are still debating on hillary's emails and whether armstrong really landed on the moon or not.
$C: We’re one of the less probable outcomes of a quantum multiverse. When the waveform collapsed, we got just the worst possible outcome.
$C: This is what happens when you change the spelling of The Berenstein Bears.
$C: We went into another universe when the Cubs won, I believe. 
$C: I'm just glad that this is not getting drowned out on this site from oversaturation.  reddit's been so focused on inconsequential shit about Trump, it's easy for people to eventually stop paying attention.

This kind of shit is what we need to be focused on, not the random crap /r/politics shoves to /r/all .
$C: Seriously dude. Maybe the objective all along was to make people so obtuse about the news that they won't follow it anymore. I personally can't stomach anymore of this laughing stock of a presidency. Anything I read nowadays just makes me ask myself, "When will it all be over?". 
$C: I can do little more than to upvote.  
$C: Just imagine the movies we'll get though. We'll get movies and shows across every single genre because of how stupid it all is.
$C: Go vote. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: Oh just wait, shit's about to get even crazier :D
$C: Is this just fantasy?
$C: You act like you are surprised to hear a country directly interferred with the political process of another. The US has been doing it for years. How many countries have they helped overthrow? You can't piss off an entire half of the world for half a century or more and not expect blowback. Just remember: bankers run the world, not politicians.
$C: I really think he'll be remembered as "the false president"
$C: This should scare us to death, but it doesn't.  Which is a horrible truth ...
$C: I know, it feels like fiction.
$C: Every day I feel the same
$C: I get the mathematical/logical argument about the possibility that we’re living in a simulation, but the legitimate insanity that we’re experiencing on a daily basis makes for an even better case.
$C: I’m kinda drunk and just logged on for the first time since lunch so reading this is sorta like a lucid dream. This can’t be real, right?
$C: I always think of history and the times great empires collapse and it always seems to be internally. It scares me to think unless we resolve this as a society AND our government takes its position seriously that we will follow that trend into division and downfall. 
$C: Mandela Effect, we have crossed over into a weird timeline.
$C: I keep saying it feels like we're living in a shitty knockoff of a Tom Clancy novel
$C: Now you wont ever question how any of the world wars started, we read about this but we thought it was over, could never happen to us... It's still here it's just evolved. 
$C: I know, 37 gold has to be a record. 
$C: It’s not. We’re just all stuck inside a airport bookstore paperback thriller.
$C: Is this just fantasy?
$C: It’s some Thanos balance type shit. We had 8 good progressive years and this is retribution.
$C: How do we know this stuff is true? They don't list any sources for half the information. This won't change the minds of any of my right wing friends because this is coming from reporters, not interviews with people who had the info. 

I ask because I don't want this dismissed. It's important. But I know my right leaning friends will brush it off because of a lack of sources and direct interviews that aren't quotes from other sources. 
$C: If I went to a meeting and spoke like Trump speaks I would be fired and possibly reported to the local mental health agency for monitoring in the name of public safety.  

This guy was elected President. 
$C: Me too, but come to think of it, what has the people done besides getting upset and posting comments on Reddit?
$C: The difference between reality and fiction is that fiction has to make sense.

-[Tom Clancy](https://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/Tom_Clancy)
$C: No it's a South Park Episode. 

Don't worry ^^^^^/s
$C: Is it just fantasy?
$C: If this had happened in the 50s or 60s he'd have been tarred and feathered on the White House lawn in a week. Red Scare was no joke
$C: Have you ever questioned the nature of your reality?
$C: You cant? Americans have been doing this for years. Look at South America for an example.
$C: I have been both terrified and amused since the primaries. This whole thing has been surreal.
$C: Want to be more baffled, go to r/AskThe_Donald and read the thread there about same article. Summarizing 

- nyt reporter wrote this story as a piece of fiction
- social media impersonation is not a crime and glad to have the help defeating Clinton 
- hacked email just revealed the truth about DNC and Podesta who are all criminals and deserved to be exposed 
- better than WWIII

In other words, it’s a lie but even if it were true it wouldn’t bother me.

Fucking twilight zone. 
$C: Some top scientists think our life could be a simulation
$C: what baffles me is that the American intelligence allegedly have infiltrated the Russian government as deep as having knowledge of putin's top secret decisions (the 'personally ordered cyberattacks' thing), but they still couldn't do anything about the actual elections meddling except fueling the shitstorm after the elections
$C: "Or is this just fantasy?... 

Caught in a landslide, 

no escape from reality!"
$C: So why the fuck is the government not doing anything? 
$C: It saddens me that  it took one president who didn't believe in justice or human rights to tear the government down. We now live in a ~~temporary~~ indefinite dictatorship.
$C: Does it baffle you that Obama didn't do anything in the summer of 2016 when he learned they had hacked into the DNC?
$C: Is this the real life?
$C: I'm going broke from all the popcorn I keep having to buy on a daily basis. This is great, however, I've been eating so much these last few days that my lips have puckered  tighter than trumps asshole when he thinks about the pee tapes!
$C: Blindly believing the CIA has always created that feeling.
$C: I know, I can’t believe Obama let the Russians hack our elections. He should’ve done something!
$C: deep state is frantically scrambling to try to survive, they're throwing everything they've got at Trump

Trump really exposed how most of the mainstream media is literally just state run propaganda 
$C: You know what baffles me? The fact that someone can get themselves gilded *forty-three times*, just for submitting a NYT article. The headline is simply the first paragraph of the story, and the NYT is not exactly an obscure source that one has to go digging for. And yet, BAM! Subby get a pants-load of Reddit Gold!

I'm going to see if I can find a CNN or BBC article about current events so I too can buy a Reddit Mansion with the "hard-earned" golden fruits of my Reddit Labor.
$C: Justfakenews 
$C: And it's not. It's hope porn. Again the sourcing of information is left out of the article. 

Who informed the paper of this?

How was the claims made verified?

So the article packs in a lot of recap meandering through headline claims from the last two years that haven't panned out. Keeping the reader on the lure as they're reeled in for more clicks ever hopeful it all goes somewhere.

It's as bad as the Q anon LARP. It's bat boy tabloid conspiracy territory. A huge part of the tell is the heavy play on fear. Get that discomfort in there to get people hooked and clicking back repeatedly for the next development.
$C: > real

When did we start having faith in the security services again? Before or after they did all the waterboarding? In spite of the fact that they have been assassinating people including elected leaders around the world for decades? Overturning democracies because they threatened the money? How many agents have been prosecuted for torture? If we are nations that are torturing, then what are we preserving?

This allegation could be true. On the other hand, it could have been at least partially fabricated to psychologically undermine Trump.

$C: it still baffles me why you think this bothers anyone but Hillary supporters. 
$C: Obama was president. Hillary lost. The only thing people cling to is Russiagate. 

Talk about real life?!?!
$C: Oh you are so baffled?  "I just can't get my head around this".  Omg.  The Times prints the absolute truth, whatever they say is 100% true.  Hmmm let see...NYT, they have readers, very few readers, but their readers love to click on anything with a negative headline about trump.  NYT sells advertising.  NYT will print whatever has the highest clicks.  Does it really matter if it true, no, does it matter if The Incredibles is a cartoon and totally fake, no.  It is all entertainment, it is all fiction.  

For that brief moment your boring, pathetic life is entertained, distracted and preoccupied with judging Trump.  You do realize the NYT knows which words have the highest search each week, and as the media outlets share and track key words then they need to print stories and headlines with those words.  You are getting fucked everyday, you are making them millions and guess what...they could give two fucks about trump or putin, the main goal is to get a sorry loser like you to click, then they make money and you get your 5 minutes of relief from your pathetic, miserable life, you get to feel like you are better than someone, you get to judge, you get to gossip and you get to pretend you know something.  The russian, putin, hacking is an non-story, it is boring, there is nothing there, its not entertaining, most people could care less about it and really it just undermines the positive goals the president is trying to accomplish.  Why don't you try to help instead of sitting there like a baffled fucking idiot?
$C: Because the New York Times said so.  They know someone who knows someone’s sister who told them about what their boyfriend’s best friend said.  
$C: Imagine if this were Obama.  If Russia had helped Obama win, Tea Party scumbags would be calling for the adoption of the guillotine by now. 
$C: *Especially* midterms. *Now* is when we try to turn the fucking tide.
$C: And before you vote, check and re-check that your registration hasn’t been conveniently deleted.
$C: Fuck voting. Your government is actively committing treason and working against your country and its people. You should be on the streets. There should be borderline rebellion for this level of corrupt.
$C: So let me get this straight. There's pretty ironclad evidence that, on top of all the other bullshit, Trump had Russia interfere with the election and get him elected, regardless of what people voted. 

Your response, as Americans, to this fact, and that as far as I can see no one is doing anything to stop the election meddling, is... to vote? That's insane. I'm trying to come up with an analogy for how ridiculous this whole situation is but I can't because **what the fuck, America?**
$C: Hell Im legit scared Russia AND TRUMP can influence/rig those elections.
$C: I've been toying with this idea for a while (absolute conjecture) but what if the plan was a longer play?  

Step 1: Help elect someone capable of sowing general distrust for potentially an entire political party.

Step 2: Use this distrust to swing the next election towards an even more malleable but infinitely more covert candidate from the opposing party.

Step 3: Profit.

The 2-party system really sucks for this and many other reasons.

Anyway, what the end-game is for these actions has never really been clear to me.  Was the Russian involvement just a display of power?  Did Putin believe that Trump would enact legislation that would benefit Russia?  Was it for fun?
$C: Yup. There are impeach and imprison him headlines daily.
$C: We voted. He still won. 
$C: I think we might be past just voting in November.  It might be time for a national labor strike and protest day.
$C: I don’t think that this is “just another headline”. This is gonna stick and it’s a big deal even for this presidency.
$C: its what happens when there is volume 10 shouting about literally everything trump does day in and day out 
$C: Voting is not enough anymore. We, the people must take to the streets and disrupt the order of everyday life. We must MOBILIZE, OCCUPY, and PROTEST! A change in government is needed and that change won't come from the government, it must come from us, each and every one of us. 
$C: > VOTE IN THE NEXT ELECTION, INCLUDING MIDTERMS.

Member when Hillary rigged the primary?  Member when she still won popular vote and still didn't become president?  I member...
$C: [removed]
$C: Kushner's gotten some Saudis tortured to death

Edit: [here's a source](https://theintercept.com/2018/03/21/jared-kushner-saudi-crown-prince-mohammed-bin-salman/)
$C: [deleted]
$C: Our intelligence corps has probably been decimated at all ranks.  Probably similar to our diplomatic corps.  Our international intelligence sharing has also likely been diminished since it's known he'll pass shit straight to the Russians without any advice from our intelligence agencies.
$C: Israeli undercover agents infiltrating IS as well. 
$C: Four stars were added to the CIA's wall of agents killed on duty last year.

Edit: names to stars
$C: Weren't several high ranking GRU officers black bagged shortly after Trump assumed office? I seem to remember some news about that getting lost in one scandal or another. So many fucking scandals.
$C: I'll bet they stopped showing him real classified info a long time ago 
$C: Is it 70 years for information to become declassified?
$C: I never even thought of that. May or may not be true, but the thought of it makes me sick.
$C: Oh yeah, how do you think the Russians suddenly know exactly who to give the VX poison to?
$C: *if*
$C: Never even thought about this. But could very well be true
$C: Nothing suspicious about this one at all: https://www.buzzfeednews.com/article/alimwatkins/the-strange-case-of-the-russian-diplomat-who-got-his-head-sm
$C: > There is a serious chance that some of our spies have been killed because of Trump.

https://www.cnn.com/2017/03/24/europe/dead-russians/index.html - I don't think these guys all died of natural causes, especially the ones assassinated in public.
$C: Right after Trump took office, Russia started arresting Russian intel officers and charging them with spying for the US - some are believed to be sources regarding the election attack.

https://www.nytimes.com/2017/01/27/world/europe/russia-hacking-us-election.html


$C: If you think our intelligence agencies were stupid enough to share that information with someone they knew to be a Russian plant, you're not aware of how seriously they take their secrets. Just because Trump was instructed to ignore their evidence doesn't mean they, themselves, would ignore it.
$C: I thought it was 50 years?
$C: It's better if there are no spies (even if they go out in such a horrible way) because they only serve to fulfill another country's domination.
$C: There is zero doubt about it. The Trump administration's actions have gotten American agents and officers killed.
$C: Ours?

The Internet is international
$C: https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/jan/31/russian-cybersecurity-experts-face-treason-charges-cia
$C: If a CIA officer was killed in the line of duty then it would have been posted by the CIA in their wall. A star with no name. Most CIA officers were killed in weird ways. The very first one to die was a scientist monitoring a weather station in Central Asia to monitor China activities in Western China back in the 1950s. 
$C: There likely won't be a 70 years from now for us if it stays this way
$C: Well, it already happened in Poland which was a sandbox for Russia before playing in USA. They put a guy who criticises Russia all the time in the media blaming them for the Smolensk plane crash as a minister of defence. At the same time some connections to Russian intelligence were proven. He also “published by accident” the documents with all the info about polish agents residing abroad (killing them obvously). Russia plays the same game everywhere so yeah, you’re right. 
$C: Our entire intelligence operation/network could be compromised by now.  We may never come back from this.
$C: Because Russia didn’t want Hillary in power? That’s a jump.
$C: It already happened. More than one spy was outed and killed before Trump even took office, but after he started getting security briefings. Many have been since. 
$C: !RemindMe 70 years
$C: 9 in Russia shortly after Flynn got info.  Coincidence?
$C: Trump did not write or publish this article, and it's unlikely he was the source of the leak to NYT (although as far as I can tell, the source isn't mentioned). Further, this wouldn't be the first time the NYT leaked potentially identifying information about a CIA asset. See [here.](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/06/02/world/middleeast/cia-iran-dark-prince-michael-dandrea.html)
$C: Yeah but until we do know, let’s set that argument aside since it’s based on zero evidence.
$C: [deleted]
$C: I'd say 100% chance. The same chance that Russian and Chinese agents were killed by America.

People seem to forget that nations around the world attempt to interfere with elections all the time. America does it constantly. In Russia too.

Also how trustworthy are the intelligence agencies. They have been repeatedly wrong for decades. Iran Contra, operation Northwoods , WMDs in Iraq, the war in Syria, the Shah of Iran, Gadaffi etc. All they seem to do is forment war. Now Trump is looking for peace with Russia a non hostile country with a large stockpile of nuclear weapons. The cold war is over. But the atmosphere is to not seek peace but make war.

I'd sooner trust an opinion columnist than the intelligence agencies smh
$C: Spies are killed all around the world. Spies are soldiers and they know the risks when you do the job. And every county does it.
$C: Look at your concerns now... Where were you when benghazi happened under Hillary rule. 

Your fellow americans killed and tortured because someone did not read her emails.... 
$C: Well, we know for a fact some diplomats lost their lives directly due to Clinton in Benghazi. Just saying..
$C: This is a conspiracy theory.
$C: > There is a serious chance that some of our spies have been killed because of Trump.

They were sent to the concentration camps with gas chambers at the border???
$C: Oh no, I fear for that top-secret source close to Putin.  I bet President Reek would jump to ingratiate himself to Roose Putin by divulging that information. 
$C: This makes the idea of a direct back channel to Russia all the more incriminating.
$C: And in other news a member of Putin's entourage has not been seen in several weeks.
$C: At this point, with this story, I just can't anymore. All I can hear now is "riot."

What we should really do is peacefully flood and occupy the streets or something. But this can't stand any longer. With how bad this is, and at this rate, we may not have a government left in November. We need to take action, right now.

If there isn't a protest going on in my city tomorrow I'm going to blow a gasket.
$C: This is what Feinstein and Grassley saw that made them gaunt with shock 15 months ago. 
$C: Maybe now the press will finally start calling Trump what he is: a liar. 
$C: This is both surreal and expected at the same time. 
$C: Accessory after the fact...
$C: If the CIA knew the Russians were fucking with the election, how much did they know about the Russian involvement with the Trump campaign?
$C: M. Night Shyamalan twist: Trump himself is the top-secret source close to Putin and is putting on this show while Mueller indicts all the Russians and traitors.
$C: Hmmm...  And all this time, I thought that was the CIA, FBI, NSA and others, like what has been proven by actual whistleblowers and declassified documents over almost 3/4 of a century now.  

Now it’s all clear.  After all these years of scandal, If only Trump hadn’t been briefed by them...
$C: I’m sorry for this question... but it’s 4AM and my cat just woke me up for pets and I can barely type... but... who got the evidence and who gave it to them?

Just hoping for some good news to start the day. This has to stop. 
$C: The one thing that makes doubt is "texts and emails". For someone, who grew in Russia, it is hardly believable that matters like this would be discussed by texts and emails.
$C: so why didnt obama do anything?
$C: Have you seen these texts?
$C: I feel like thats been true every week for the past year and a half.
$C: You know those auditory illusions that make it seem like the pitch keeps going up forever? This is this presidency
$C: Manafort's trial begins next week. If he's convicted of even half of what he's charged with he'll die in prison. If he flips, heads will roll, possibly his own if he doesn't have armed guards 24/7.
$C: I think Trump has to make his move. He knows the GOP is going to let him do whatever he wants, he knows there's a chance Congress flips, at least the House, this Novemeber, and they're going to keep him gummed up as much as possible.

If he had any objective he had to achieve for Russia now's his best shot.

If however Congress stays GOP, we'll see some really, really crazy shit go down. Both in whatever bullshit Trump has to do, and even more voter suppression by the GOP to keep control of things in 2020.

Then Mueller has to release his finding at some point... what happens under the very real possibility Donald Trump Jr did something illegal??

We still haven't reached the peak of these events.
$C: I know what you mean. In dramatic terms I'd say it really feels like we're rapidly building up to some kind of climax.

This is more interesting than any drama though! We're literally living through a major event in future history books!
$C: I swear to god if this disappears into the news cycle or he isn't impeached over this, this will go down in history as a "WTF were they doing‽" period.
$C: Not particularly. It is always just wave after wave these days.
$C: Nothing will happen unless real patriots take to the streets

$C: Well, meeting with Putin and doing what hes done and said with NATO and the EU has definitely all lead to the revealing of an end game. We now know what we all suspected. Now will the knowledge be acted upon...?
$C: Yes. I am kind of hoping actually. I think Rosenstein announcing the indictments on the Friday before the summit was very much on purpose to gauge and display trumps reaction. I feel like this will snowball much further. 
$C: No, lol. This means nothing. We're gonna have to wait til the next election for a change.
$C: Definitely
$C: Like it's scripted or something?
$C: Ye, rain and it felt fucking fantastic! But now it's hot again...
$C: You spelled two years wrong 
$C: Started with Who Is America
$C: That's the thing about authoritarians: to them their leader *is* their country.
$C: That would mean admitting they were wrong though
$C: Republicans have no spine anymore, they should rebrand themselves republicant's 
$C: After all this, I can’t see how ppl would support trump anymore 
$C: It's not so much as siding with the president as siding with their choice, I think.

Don't want to admit they made a mistake. 
$C: [removed]
$C: > No one will ever believe election results in the future

Sounds like just the sort of thing the GOP would enjoy taking advantage of.
$C: Needs to happen before the mid-term elections or we are heading into disaster. One side or the other can and will claim the results bogus no matter what at this point, chaos will ensue. 
$C: I've been convinced this has been Russia's goal more than anything else, even getting Trump into office.  They didn't tamper enough to make it blatantly obvious.  They tampered just enough to make the election close and plant the seeds of doubt.  Add in a presidential candidate who refused to answer whether he'd accept the results of the election and who has become a president that does everything in his power to deflect Russia's involvement, and a scenario has been created where nothing has been done to safeguard our elections which will allow those seeds to grow.  

Trump only has a limited time as president no matter what, but making people doubt the legitimacy of our electoral system?  That's enough to irreparably damage our democracy, something Russia has wanted to do for decades. (And if Democrats do pick up enough seats in November, I wonder how long it will be before Trump starts to accuse them of stealing elections.)

This shouldn't be a red vs. blue or Trump supporters vs. Trump haters issue.  It should be about how much we value our democracy and America and what can be done to protect it.  Anyone who calls themselves a true patriot should be emphatically and unquestionably in favor of ensuring the legitimacy of our electoral system, something that is the very the foundation of our country.
$C: Hate to break it to you, but we lost the republic after the citizens united ruling. There United States is no longer a democracy, at least not for humans. Corporate people are pretty well represented, thought.
$C: US cybercommand has already taken to counter Russian cyber warfare efforts, specifically those directes at the 2018 midterms. The Republic is still guarded by good people and Trump can only stop them by going over the head of the one person who he has never dared speak out against even when openly defied: Jim Mattis.

As long as a man of honor sits at DoD there's hope, as long as the citizenry continues to fuel the renaissance of civic duty and local involvement in politics there is hope, and as long as the Justice department is made up of even a few good public servants, there is hope.

America will endure this small fraction of a man.
$C: Even with perfect elections, we may be doomed from having a majority of the electorate being morons. We need to find a way to protect society from that, which is basically democracy’s Achilles heel. 
$C: Let me guess you would believe election results that support democrats though, right?
$C: >No one will ever believe election results in the future unless things change immediately. 

Unless a Democrat wins and then it's all 'yay we're back to normal'.
$C: voter ID and paper ballots then? yes please! 
$C: I may be misunderstanding, but I feel like the founding fathers expected congress to step in if something happened like this right? They put checks and balances in place and maybe didn’t  anticipate every single one of them being complicit.
$C: It must be tough to live w/ TDS. I can’t imagine how you’ll survive the next 6 years. 
$C: Your republic is already under control of a Sith Lord 
$C: I've been thinking if I were Russia, what would I do to go in for the kill. There are so many options to completely fuck over democracy in the US. They probed the voting system in 2016. If they can completely compromise it what would they do to do maximum damage? If I were them I would give the Republicans a landslide victory. Enough for it to be obviously wrong, but small enough for Republicans to deny it. Then just stand back and watch the country tear itself apart. If they have those capabilities then it's very scary.
$C: Haha, can’t wait for a blue wave to happen and suddenly the right is concerned with Russian election meddling. 
$C: As much as it makes people uncomfortable, we have to realize that there are multiple paths that this whole situation can lead to. One being Trump doesn't accept his impeachment and stages a coup with the R, and a civil war as a consequence.
$C: He’s literally hijacked this country in the most selfish, shallow, disgraceful, shameful and flat out fucked up way, at the expense of the rest of the world. 

At some point, things reach a tipping point. He is about to turn this country into Russia and we will then forever be handcuffed and associated with a president mad enough to hand over a country and all of its people to an absolutely ridiculous and far more inhumane form of government. 

Instead of protecting the constitution, it’s like he’s in the process of flat out stealing it and transforming it. He wants to be a dictator. 

Fuck, man. 
$C: Elections have never been protected. The most surprising thing to come out of all of this is that people are surprised. It's the same thing as when we "officially" found out our government can and does spy on its citizens. The surprised and shocked people are to blame, because they refused to listen to what some had been telling them since forever. 
$C: I work with teens, some of whom are nearing 18. Some of them are saying there's no point in voting because it's all rigged anyway. 
$C: Exactly. We need national voter ID - paper ballots - and ink to mark who has voted. Anything less and we are at risk. It's not too late.
$C: they did not hack voting machines.. smh.


$C: > If we can’t protect our elections, this country is doomed. 

Yeah, but women won't be able to have inconvenient, unreliable access to abortions, so I mean... you gotta take the good with the bad.

^^^/s
$C: This is the precise reaction a foreign entity might want after meddling with our election. Please calm down (unless I take your username to heart)
$C: I said this once and I'll say it again: trump Is the only person who could do so much damage as to burn the whole enterprise down.

To be fair the enterprise was already extremely broken... 

edit: pertain -> person
$C: And what the GOP fails to understand is that if Russia can hack our elections... SO CAN OTHER COUNTRIES
$C: I agree, countries should be left alone to make their own decisions.

Now having said that, will the US foreign policy also change to reflect that?
$C: > No one will ever believe election results in the future unless things change immediately

And that is precisely the purpose. 
$C: This is what they want. By tainting and removing the credibility / trust involved it will make it easier for them to remain in power **indefinitely**.
$C: >The longer this congress goes without taking action, the closer we get to losing the republic

You sound like Brutus and the Liberators, bemoaning the imminent demise of the Republic, when it was already dead, in their case it was dead by Sulla's time at the latest, in your case it was dead by Citizen's United at the latest.
$C: It’s as much a republic as rome was one.
$C: Suppose Congress doesn't do anything, and the midterm elections do not end up in some kind of blue wave. What's next?
$C: It's very easy, use paper. 
$C: It's not the election results that were attacked, or even the elections themselves.  It was the media, and extensive internet misinformation campaigns.  Information warfare is the oldest trick in the KGB book.
$C: >No one will ever believe election results in the future unless things change immediately. 

Judging by the low voter turnout, they already don't believe them.
$C: Election reform. For now though, the only thing we the people can do is vote in the midterms and show the GOP what we think.
$C: > The longer this congress goes without taking action, the closer we get to losing the republic.

You have a sitting president under Russia's thumb and a complicit congress which not only refuses to do anything about it but also actively works against the interest of the country and are reducing election security.

I have sad news for you. Your republic is already lost, and it doesn't look good for you ever getting it back.
$C: The American **PEOPLE** need to take action. Stop waiting for Superman to show up.
$C: Well it wasnt that there was fraudulent voting because of russia. Their influence came through social media, and there is no way to stop that unless you want to live in a dystopian world where all freedom of speech is stymied on social media.  Remember all of the people yelling for more security and spying after 9/11, and look where that got us.  
$C: No kidding, we need voter ID laws now! It's way too easy to infiltrate the US election system!
$C: I have not come to praise Caesar, but to bury him.
$C: Why is the populace not making it crystal clear to Republicans that aide and abet this shit that they too will be up on treason charges?
$C: But, but...voter ID’s cuz Mexicans! 
$C: >The longer this congress goes without taking action, the closer we get to losing the republic.

They made the decision a while back that they don't care.  It's like musical chairs - as long as they're in the seat when the music stops, they don't really care about the rest of us.

They are now determined to make this the moment when the music stops - i.e. there will never be a fair election again.
$C: That is my biggest fear.  Russia has accomplished its goal.  In every election moving forward there will always be the question of interference.  And even worse, the losing party will start to use that reasoning to challenge legitimate winners in the pursuit of power.    


Mission Accomplished.
$C: Worse would be reverting election results.
$C: I sometimes feel this might be a reflection of the republic.  I mean how many people actually engage in the issues.  Everyone's attention is elsewhere.
$C: I fully expect that if the Democrats take the House or Senate or both, Trump will declare martial law and block them from being seated.

Enjoy your last few months of faux freedom because in November the jackboot of the GOP is coming down on all of our necks.
$C: [deleted]
$C: inb4 blockchain elections
$C: It's already gone.
$C: Calm your balls. You people are way to quick to assume the works is inevitable. The world is still intact and will be. So will “the republic”
$C: You understand this is about the emails Wikileaks  released not actually changing the ballot box results? 

Maybe Democrats should up their security and avoid information leaks. 
$C: >If we can’t protect our elections, this country is doomed. 

Every world dynasty comesto an end. Nothing lasts forever. That dude is just putting current events in hyperdrive... unless fuckers go to the poles and destroy repubs... like totally decimate that party and the racists rearing their heads.

... that goes for all racists of every breed. Y'all can go extinct. 
$C: The Republicans are obviously in on it. If Trump was a Democrat, he would have been gone a long time ago. They have benefited from Russian interference.
$C: [The Declaration of Independence addresses us and this situation directly.](http://www.ushistory.org/declaration/document/) We have a right and a duty to address desperate times with desperate measures. This is really happening.
$C: Republicans can’t win on the issues they just can’t. Most of the country is not rich, or conservative. Elections are a huge problem for them hence voter suppression, gerrymandering, blocking judges, etc. Don't think they won't be happy if elections are over and they take power permanently. It's not that far fetched. 
$C: isn't the problem that slightly more than 50% of your congress is in on the scheme. It's just that your president is so obviously retarded that he gets all the attention.
$C: We're not going to lose shit. Our country is too strong and resilient for one fuck up to kill it.
$C: Our elections have been swayed for decades now. Money moves politics.
$C: Why settle for a doomed country when we could start a new one?
$C: Protect elections so people can vote in another moron like Trump. Great idea.
$C: It's kinda funny that a psychic predicted among other things that the us would elect the first black president and they would be the last us president, so far she's not wrong.
$C: Turn in ur guns tho, the teenagers said 
$C: One of the most underrated comments I've ever seen. I Laughed out loud
$C: You deserve gold for this, unfortunately health insurance is more expensive than gold at the moment so I don't have any to spare :(.
$C: It's like a naked man standing in front of a crowd and trying to convince them that he is fully clothed.
$C: This article has so many details that I think we had not heard bedore. Is this a probable leak from someone in the Intel Community looking to get the word out? Or had this been reported in the past?
$C: He has to downplay it because they want to keep doing the same thing.
$C: Not to be pretentious, but *damning
$C: Let's not jump the gun, now. Let's wait for Trump to confirm this by saying something amazingly dumb and then tell an obvious lie to try to cover it up. Then we can listen to Trumpets vascillate between quoting whichever statement is more convenient at the moment and eeeeeeverything will be back to normal. 
$C: Got evidence? Because I have seen none. John Brennan said he saw no evidence. James Clapper said he saw no evidence. Obama said that "it's impossible to rig an American election." I suspect the evidence you have was made up by Anderson Cooper or Rachel Maddow.
$C: I personally don't conclude anything until there's proof, but I realize that's a little ol fashioned in 2018
$C: Guess what the top post on t_d is? A video of Obama laughing at a joke Putin whispered to him at a summit.

TIL Obama laughing at a joke told by Putin is worse than Putin colluding with Trump to help get him elected 
$C: I can see it. They’ll just blame the Obama administration for not doing enough to stop it. There’s no low to which these assholes won’t sink in their bootlicking of this administration. 
$C: Fox likes reporting on how the media reports things when Trump does something especially atrocious.

It successfully placates their viewers by making them disregard everything that is reported about Trump, because the "news" shifts from being about Trump to the "news" being bad reporting.
$C: But can we find out where Hillary email went!!! *That’s the real story. *
$C: Also: Buttery Males.
$C: https://youtu.be/uJzpJBMQfy4
$C: The spin already is that it’s Obama’s fault because he failed to stop it.
$C: "Why didn't he *stop* Trump from being a corrupt lying dotard?!"
$C: Surprisingly, I've been seeing quite a few Fox News clips the past couple days of hosts criticizing the president. You know Trump screwed up when Fox & Friends is scolding him.
$C: https://imgur.com/a/zzWB8Zh
$C: Actually, I've seen several of my conservative friends posting Fox News articles about the Russians sending money to Obama and Hillary and how they've been covering that up...
$C: Doesn't the article literally say that Obama knew? 
$C: I talked for literally hours with a trump supporter tonight. The uncle of one of my highschool friends.

I couldn't get him to say that what trump said in the conference with putin was bad. He wouldn't do it. 

He actually suggested that Putin may have told trump something, such as the identities of the actual hackers, that made trump say what he did.

By the end of the night, this guy's sister, my friend's mom, called me a fucking dick, and the guy's brother, a cop in my town, threatened to find where my mom lives and "tell her why she should have swallowed." 

So... that's whats going on on my facebook. Trump supporters are beyond help. 

I wasted my night on this, instead of working on my DND campaign. Trump wins again.
$C: If you're of voting age, fucking vote!!! Push to make the first Tuesday in November a national holiday, help people register to vote, help transport people to vote, make your voice heard! Don't just vote in national elections, but local ones as well. 
$C: Idiocracy was a prophecy. We have a mentally challenged wrestler as president.
$C: I feel like our country has always had this same exact divide.  It was the same sort of divide during the civil war.
$C: shouldnt they also be charged with treason ?
$C: Politics in America is now a pseudo-religion. If you treat the situation in the context of religious psychology it makes sense to me. 
$C: His party is beholden to Russia. That’s the real problem here. If it were just Trump they would drop him to save face. But they get their money from the NRA, who gets their money from Russia. It’s not just Trump who is compromised. 
$C: Thoughts and prayers for your country to get better.
$C: [Have a listen.](https://youtu.be/6AnLFmxMupE?t=491) This is who they are.
$C: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y0VNLhyuxg0](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y0VNLhyuxg0)
$C: It's more than embassaring, it's an indication that we didn't fix the problems when we could have and we're fucked now.
$C: This is why populism is so bad. The “right” leader can make a lot of people do really stupid things and follow really harmful policies. 
$C: It's way worse than embarrassing.
$C: Nixon got in deep shit for less. Clinton was impeached for lying about getting his dick sucked. 

Trump is screwing over our nation while the entirety of Congress watches, and half of our nation is fine with it. 
$C: No, not winning- “winning.” Trump supporters will reap the same consequences as the rest of the country. Most of them are just too naive or proud to care.
$C: So what crimes did he commit.  When did he actually collude with the Russians.  Is there proof?
$C: They are outspoken racists and Russia is full of the right color people.
$C: It’s called fascism 
$C: Russia didn’t help trump.  They could care less who sits in the chair. 

What they want is a divided America.   They supported the extreme sides to add fuel to the fire.  

If we split in two—
They are suddenly a super power again. 
$C: When Trump brought peace to Korea the top question on reddit was ‘how has trumps presidency made your life worse?’ People will never credit the other side, or leave their own. 
$C: Lol. The DNC sabotaged bernies campagin. 
$C: Seriously, this. 


For years US politics has never been able to tilt to the Left. The primary reason is that Congress has always been frustratingly conservative. Voting for the President doesn’t mean shit when your state representative is pro-corporate, decides that getting rid of abortion is their top priority, and conveniently receives money from the same industry that they campaigned to deregulate. Remember people, local politics mean everything. It’s a secret Republicans found out years ago. It’s time for everyone else to realize it as well.
$C: And get everyone you know to vote. You need to be having these conversations even with people who be like," I'm not into politics. "
$C: I need to register. We all do if we aren’t.
$C: See that’s the thing, we’ve been putting this off, just saying oh we’ll wait till voting time and he will be gone, but that’s not soon enough, he’s already been bad enough to get in trouble. We need to act like our parents did with Nixon, not just doing nothing and hoping it gets better, this is not working and it won’t magically start working
$C: And make sure to regularly checking your voting registrations, especially in the days leading up to the deadline and election. Voters in some counties "mysteriously" had their voting registrations deleted during the 2016 election, and we can only assume it's going to be much worse in 2018/2020
$C: Anticipating stories of rightwing bosses blocking their employees from voting at lunch or outright firing them from taking time off to vote.
$C: Help me out here. 

I want to vote agaisnt Trump, but I'm not sure where to start, this November.

Should I just pick some random person who is a Democrat and vote for them?

$C: As a Canadian, can I vote for one of you guys that won't? 
$C: Remember, remember, the 5th of November. 

Oh you said 6th... Nah I'll be busy. 
$C: One of the impeachment counts for Nixon was lying to the American people. Trump's been doing that his entire time in office and clearly won't stop.
$C: It's scary when you really think about how many times you've said that to yourself about Trump's wacky fucking shenanigans. 
$C: [removed]
$C: **This is an extremely important article.**

> **Two weeks before his inauguration, Donald J. Trump was shown highly classified intelligence indicating that President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia had personally ordered complex cyberattacks to sway the 2016 American election.**
> 
> **The evidence included texts and emails from Russian military officers and information gleaned from a top-secret source close to Mr. Putin,** who had described to the C.I.A. how the Kremlin decided to execute its campaign of hacking and disinformation.
> 
> **Mr. Trump sounded grudgingly convinced**, according to several people who attended the intelligence briefing. But ever since, Mr. Trump has tried to cloud the very clear findings that he received on Jan. 6, 2017, which his own **intelligence leaders have unanimously endorsed.**

Trump has known since 14 days before his Inauguration that Vladimir Putin personally ordered the attacks on our elections. He has obfuscated and denied and covered for Putin for 558 days.

And Trump still has yet to directly state that Putin ordered the attack. The closest he has come is saying that Putin would be responsible as leader of his country (as covered in the article).

This is watershed. Trump is failing to serve America's best interest, and this behavior alone should rise to being an impeachable defense. No previous President in history would have survived aiding a foreign power in this way. 

**But this story is no longer about Trump. It's about the treasonous lack of spine by the Republican Party to act in the face of an attack by Russia, and a President who has become a clear and present danger to the United States.**
$C: Ready to get down voted but the citizens of USA have been tricked, duped, played like pawns and it doesn’t from the outside look much like your beloved freedom.

What are you guys going to do?
$C: Just a tad.
$C: Don't worry, he'll say something shocking later this week, and the Americans will forget about this. 
$C: Yeah it's gone from "plausible Russian rogues" to "Putin directly ordered a sustained attack on America and its ability to self govern."

This is like if I were president and, idk, blew up the Kremlin or something.

Cyber attacks *are* warfare. They are the digital version of bullets all the way up to nukes.

I'm near the end of my masters in Homeland Security. This shit is way too damn real. 
$C: This is a very big deal. If only those for whom this would dramatically change their view on Trump would understand its implications and actually change their opinion. I’m afraid this only provides more evidence for my, and many others’ on this thread, point of view. 
$C: The person presenting the reports to Obama didn't have them put it in his daily briefing and instead preferred face-to-face and sealed letter communication because it was so classified and he was so afraid of it being leaked to the Russians.
$C: And I'm sure nothing will come of it. It's quite sad.
$C: It's a big fuckin deal.
$C: I love that I can refresh and see the vote count get higher by the hundreds in seconds. 
$C: At the time of this comment this post has been gilded 37 times. I’ve never seen a post that high (unless that was the point of the post).

So yes, does seem like a big deal. 
$C: Then you fucking act.
$C: That's a really clever hashtag.
$C: Is 45 for the 45th president? EDIT: Brilliant. 
$C: I hope this catches on
$C: It's treason then
$C: ooooh fancy
$C: This hashtag could catch on and spread. To the top!
$C: I'd like to see this in advertisements, with the 45 in orange font, and maybe the R in red.
$C: That the name of your new book?
$C: We should all be accepting of these new irrational ways to express oneself because sometimes it just #feelsgoodman . This way they don't feel shunned by the intelligent, logical thinkers of this community. We can communicate and educate the undercover papa orange supporters who have been reborn into sanity if we accept mainstream their way of expressing themselves. 
$C: trsn szn
$C: Now that's a hashtag I can get behind. Did you think that up? Bravo. Wish I had gold for you.
$C: Definitely need this on a bumper sticker.
$C: ... and that’s the movie poster right there.
$C: Riveting political discourse

$C: That's why Trump will never sit down with Mueller, as long as all the bullshit he says is not under oath, he seemingly gets off the hook. 
$C: Actually it was for lying under oath, otherwise known as perjury. You might want to embrace that in a few years if Trump is dumb enough to step into an interview with Mueller.  If you or I accidentally screw up describing what we ate for lunch, we’d be jailed for years. That’s why Manafort is in jail for early 2000s indiscretions.

$C: Meh, he still stayed in office and finished his term. 
$C: Let's not whatabout it. Clinton fucked up and in today's day and age he'd probably be impeached way faster.

But Trump is doing something much worse on a macro level.
$C: Guy behind that is now going to the Supreme Court because he had a change I'd heart and doesn't think Presidents should be investigated now.
$C: Coz dems are poofs
$C: Which should make you question the validity of the outrage you're being fed daily.

>*No no, Trump really IS a building Nazi concentration camps for children and gays!  I'VE SEEN THEM!  Impeachment is literally happening tomorrow FOR SURE!"*

Or... he's not guilty of anything screamed about him, which is why literally nothing's happened; explaining why the only thing people tell you to do is **vote.**

When a politician's done nothing wrong, that's literally all you can do.
$C: He's been lying for far longer than that, just not as POTUS. It feels like ancient history, but he thinks Obama is a secret Kenyan. I will never wrap my head around how America elected a man as President who accused his predecessor of faking his birth certificate so he could become POTUS.
$C: Just a prediction. He won't get impeached, and the Republican party, and it's supporters will continue to support him, regardless of reality. They have massive tax cuts for the rich, and regulations are dropping like dead flies. This has been the party's dream forever. And their voters? They mostly think "fuck anyone aside from me", and when they get actually affected, they blame the left.

It is a truly fucked up time we are living in. 
$C: I mean any of us who actually pay attention are well aware he has been lying.  He regularly changes his stories about everything. 
$C: Unfortunately, the people who need convincing will either not see this, or see it and choose not to believe it.
$C: The people who care already know.

The people who are in charge will do LITERALLY anything to stay in charge.

They say knowing is half the battle. We need to start working on the other half and we need to start it immediately.
$C: 
Fuck that.  I want him impeached for high treason.

Thank you for rewarding my vitriol with gold, kind stranger.  May today be the turning point.
$C: This is beyond upvotes. Homeboy is toast. Time to carry him and his coconspirators out and off to prison. McConnell, Ryan, Sessions, Kushner, Ivanka, Conway, every last traitor in this band of treasonous idiots. 
$C: They don't care :(
$C: They don’t care, it’s a cult.  
$C: This exact scenario is why impeachment exists.  No, seriously, this happened before to a king in England, and was a huge deal around the time they wrote the constitution.

One of the biggest inspirations for the foreign emoluments clause, the ban on gifts without congressional approval, and the other various anti-corruption/foreign influence portions of the constitution was the scandal surrounding King Charles II's secret deal with France.

>In the middle of the 17th century, King Charles II of England took a secret pension from the French King Louis XIV. He agreed to a closer relationship, including a treaty that wasn’t clearly in England’s best interest. The precise content of the secret agreement wasn’t revealed for more than 100 years. [wapo](https://www.washingtonpost.com/posteverything/wp/2017/01/26/trump-is-getting-payments-from-foreign-governments-we-have-no-idea-what-they-are/?utm_term=.b30127b1ca61)

Trump, in this and many other ways, is literally the tyrant the constitution is supposed to make impossible.  Absurd.
$C: This is sky rocketing to the front page. No wonder OP has 2.3 million link karma. 
$C: I feel I always read shit but never see anything happen and honestly I don't know what even I could do...


$C: I have brought things like this to my very pro trump family and they dismiss it. Shut sucks. 
$C: > Upvote this shit to the top so everyone knows how the President of the United States has been lying to the American people for going on 2 years now

Yeah this needs to happen. Something is seriously wrong here and its probably worse than we even realize.
$C: His entire administration needs to be taken out of power. They were put their through illegitimate means.
$C: The problem isn’t people being unaware, it’s people being aware and not giving a damn
$C: Flood your congressional representatives with calls for impeachment. Say to your Republican Congressmen that you will leave the party if they dont eject this man from office if you're a Republican, and if you're a Democrat just say the words, "Remember what happened to James Crowley."
$C: Seriously, can we get a compilation of every press statement where Trump claimed that there was no election tampering, and that Putin had no part in it? The video would have to be hours long. He's been saying it since the beginning.

42% of Americans need to ask themselves: How far are you willing to go to sacrafice the United States' status as a Republic in favor of partisan beliefs and interests? 
$C: Trump was lying about the prior President not being a Citizen for 8 years leading up to Trump's administration. 
$C: Brit upvoting cos we want the old America we know and love back. Please return the favour with the nonsense that is Brexit as we’ve lost our way too.
$C: The funny thing is,  I don't think it was treason out of any sort of malice...   I just think he would rather lie than admit he didn't win the election of fair terms.   His whole presidential campaign was arguably kicked off by Obama giving him shit at the correspondence dinner,  so he wanted to prove him wrong...   By all accounts Obama did get proven wrong,   and now Trump is president,    but it makes sense that Trump would protect the perceived legitimacy of his election at all costs just to stay in the "Obama vs Trump" race,   whatever the hell that means.
$C: Is this enough to bring him in or order a sapena? Sure seems like it right?
$C: So much of me wants him impeached, but being from Indiana. I'm afraid of what Pence will do. At least the government has been semi working to defeat Trump. I feel as though, if Pence walks in with crazy agendas,but sounds sane while doing it, the Republicans will rally hard to make up for Trump's destruction of their "good name" causing problems for many. 
But also, fuck Trump. 
$C: Lol. The people who will see this already know it. The people who don't know it aren't going to believe it no matter what visibility or proof it has.
$C: The hypocrisy is what baffles me. I know it's been said time and time again but imagine if it was Omaba. 


I'm a pretty liberal guy and I love my country. This disgusting and abhorrent behavior is causing damage on the world stage that will take decades to repair. 
$C: It's almost as if keeping vital information on a 'need to know' basis has negative consequences.
$C: Was at the top of front page when I got on this morning lol
$C: I don't mean for this to come across as a defense of the President (because it's not), but the number of less relevant (not to mention less true) posts that I've seen since he took office has been so overwhelming that I frankly just kind of blank it out at this point.

In fact, the headline itself is not even what caught my attention with this post.  The "x26" next to that special little gold star is what caught my attention.

So basically, I'm to the point that the number of times a post was gilded is more notable than *"President Trump knew some super serious shit."*

Granted, I'm here now...so I'll be reading quite a bit.  But I do wish I could read this headline and not immediately think, "Hmm...well, it looks like I've got quite a bit of shit to validate now if I'm going to read this story."
$C: Impeachment is highly unlikely due to the impact of that event on the economy. One of my co-worker who is my senior shit he's my dad age like close 65 kinda told me impeachment would cause the market to tank and push his generations retirement back even further. Since I only started it will have minimal effect since my 401k isnt that high up but my senior co-workers and my dad you know these guys want to retire and go live in a cabin in the Midwest. 

Now I probably need to ask what a resignation would do cause it may not have that huge an impact as impeachment does. 
$C: Nothing will happen. This will all blow over. Sadly, most people won’t even hear about this. My whole family voted for trump and they never hear about any of the stupid shit he does. 
$C: I feel like he might have been instructed to say what he said about them at the time, it makes sense as admitting Russian influence has been a big no-no in the USA for the last few decades. 

Thinking outside the sphere of "Trump is evil" is sometimes necessary to think critically about these things. 
$C: Downvote this, impeach Trump, eat tacos. 
$C: Everyone but the americans has known this for 2 years. He is extremely easy to see through. 
$C: This is the top post of all time.

I have a hard time believing anything will happen
$C: I don't like him either, but he isn't the first president to lie
$C: But isn't the vice president worse? 
$C: Anyone NOT want trump impeached bc idk PENCE IS BATSHIT 
$C: The fact that they showed him the intel rather than arresting him is a pretty good indication that Trump had nothing to do with it. Foreign governments are going to meddle with democracies, the US certainly has e.g. Syria, Libya, N. Korea, Iraq, Iran, Afghanistan, etc. so why would we hold other countries to a higher standard?

That being said, if Trump is somehow involved, by all means, take that fucker down. But it's getting pretty old how MSM is conflating **foreign influence** with **Trump caused foreign influence** ad infinitum.
$C: >He needs to be impeached immediately for obstruction of justice.

You guys need to get a clue. Donald Trump is not going to get impeached. The only way he is leaving office unless it's after 4 or 8 years is if he, as Bill Burr used to say, "takes that old convertible ride in Dallas"
$C: Citation needed, Duranty-award winners need not apply.  

Let me know when you're willing to fully investigate the sins of the Clinton & DNC camps without using the usual bromides to dismiss them.  


$C: [deleted]
$C: [removed]
$C: Doesn't Obama need to be impeached for allowing it to happen?  Why didn't they stop it?  
$C: Uhhh, why is this not Obama’s fault exactly? 

It was Obama’s decision to hide it and only show Trump in private. He had the full authority to come out and say what happened before or after the election. 

How is it Trumps fault exactly? 
$C: 😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣
$C: [deleted]
$C: So, this is actually a very big deal. But the Republicans in Congress refuse to take any action or even entertain a discussion. 

Unfortunately our government is compromised currently. Make sure you get your ass out this November and vote. It is the only way anything will be done.
$C: I'm right with you. But at this point its like I'm ready to do something myself like hit the freaking streets with protest or whatever. I mean I'm legit kinda scared for our country and this is the first time I've said that so I hope this is the tipping point
$C: For his supporters, no, probably not. 

Trump recently visited Helsinki where he had a private two-hour meeting with president Putin and a joint-conference afterwards. During the conference he failed to confront Putin on the 2016 elections, and denied that they interfered (which completely contradicts our intelligence agencies). He's already tried to backtrack on this. This has had not only democrats but republicans as well calling the Helsinki conference a disgrace, and rightfully so. 

This article just proves that he knew about the Russians interfering in the 2016 elections and has been lying about it, for a long time. 


$C: Yeah, the past week everything got turned up to 11. Normally I keep up with all the developments, but this past week has gotten away from me. 

I don't know if it's a tipping point, but this is certainly one of the major points for the history books. On par with, or perhaps more important than the Comey firing.

History happens slowly, then all at once.
$C: It has been ramping up. Mueller's team has been using a pretty common anti-organized crime strategy, starting from the bottom and working up. By getting lower levels to flip on their superiors, you are building an airtight case against the actual heads (in this case, Trump and his innermost circle). Most of the first year of the investigation was a lot of financial crime subpoenas to feel out the extent of the networks and identify as many of the lower level associates as possible (e.g. the Dutch lawyer who was helping Manafort launder the money). Now that those are being brought in and flipping, we are getting the mid level people and flipping them (e.g. Page and Papadapoulous). These people had direct contact with Trump and the inner circle. Mueller is bringing the big guns these past couple weeks to start the final stage. The crimes being charged now are more than just financial crimes, they are espionage ones. Bringing down Manafort and Cohen means we are very close to the president himself.
$C: Have you been reading them though? Things are turning. The other person is wrong.

Edit: /r/shitpoppinkreamsays. [This one](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/901p5f/two_weeks_before_his_inauguration_donald_j_trump/e2n6mtn) is from a comment on this post. It does a good job laying even more out than this article. 
$C: The main tipping point IMHO, is if Trump fires Mueller or just straight up ignores the findings of Mueller's investigation. If that happens, he'll literally be unarrestable so that's when we all need to hit the streets, march Martin Luther King style, and never back down until Trump is forced out of office

https://act.moveon.org/event/mueller-firing-rapid-response-events/search/
$C: It’s absolutely ramping up, disparate threads are being converged into a much clearer and cohesive timeline. Motivations and methods are being relayed to the public because IC and OSC are at such an advanced point that they feel the need to start dripping fleshed out storylines to bring the general public into a more complete understanding to prepare us for the uncharted waters we are entering right this moment.
$C: Top comment has best ELI5
$C: Nothing can really change unless there is a surge in voting for people below the age of 35. They’re currently showing up in a 300% increase, which still represents 30% less than GOP voters. So, you kind of need a 600% increase just to have a good chance to vote out people that will get GOP votes no matter what.

The ‘greatest generation’ votes at a 60% clip of 94% registered. 18-35 is 11-13% of 52% registered.

You need to hit a 90% register rate and hope that 2/3rds show up. And, even then, it’s not like they vote monolithically.

Meditate more. 
$C: I think the fact that these things are ramping up and the fact that Manafort’s trial begins next week are more than coincidence. He also just had a judge deny his motion for the suppression of evidence. 
$C: Is it ramping up? Yes, it would seem so.

Is it any different than all the times before? In scope and scale, I think. The White House lately has been speaking as if it did happen.

Will anything change? No.
$C: Its not. The system was perfectly designed specifically to protect them in this situation and weve been made perfectly complacent. The fact that trump spent even a day in office means that we dont have the balls to do shit no matter how much worse the story gets. Its now ride out his 4 years and then the decades and decades of damage hes done because we sat on our hands for years waiting for the same system that put him in office to save us. 
$C: I'm pretty sure having an completely unneeded summit and press conference WITH PUTIN and gargling Putin's nuts in his mouth the entire time while calling the investigation into the classified information he was shown over a year ago "a complete witch hunt" MAY have tipped some conservatives. 

Perhaps we should not give this guy more supreme court picks. . . . . 


$C: I don't have an ELI5 for you, but just wanted you to know I'm with you. I want to stay informed and to know what is happening, but I am losing hope. I see worse news everyday, compounding on already bad issues, and it feels like a burden to be one of the informed and drifting into blissful ignorance would be easy.
$C: > Is this any different than all the times before?

Nah. Sadly, no.


$C: >all just the same old echo chamber of reasonable Americans who want Trump out.

bingo. There is still no truth of collusion, this is literally just another example of trump lying, which he has done all the time. Yet now its "impeach trump" all over again
$C: This is liberal bullshit. Everything will be the same next week.
$C: The part I can't figure out is how no one talks about the US doing exactly what we are accusing Russia of doing in countries around the world, going back to the end of WW2.

I'm not saying it isn't fucked up, or Trump isn't fucking with everyone, just that it's deeper than people think. The rest of the world isn't reacting because it's like "Yeah, no shit. Good of you all to wake up."

Edit: Someone explain how any of this is new or unexpected. People are acting surprised about one of the oldest games nations play, and that's what people should be suspect about.
$C: There's nothing new. Its a recontextualized piece given recent happenings, but the skeleton is the same. 

I'm not sure why people are guilding this apart from Trump hate.
$C: Nothing will happen. Except reddit kids will cry moar.
$C: Nixon had China to give him a lot of brownie points. Trump’s brownie points just look like shit in his mountain of shit.       
Edit: Yes Nixon had a lot of other good things. Point is nothing can make Trump less than a shit stain. 
$C: From an outside of America perspectove this was always the most likely outcome. 
$C: Reading this in Comic Book Guy’s voice
$C: I wouldn't say *worst*. Buchanan was pretty bad, given that he fueled the Civil War.

Nixon would also give him a run for his money.

But Trump's got to be pretty damn close to the bottom at this point.
$C: at least previous shit presidents knew what they were doing and the limits, Trump is just dumb and dumber
$C: Worse than Bush?  Who started a trillion dollar war in the Middle East that we are still dealing with fallout from?

I hate Trump, but come on.
$C: Does he even count though? 
$C: A million Iraqis would like a word with you. If they were still alive.
$C: Andrew Jackson wins this, by a thin margin. So far.
$C: Didn't Trump at the end of them election vaguely admit Russia had something to do with it but basically said, it doesn't matter now I've already won?
$C: Jackson, Harding, among others weren’t great either. Just saying.
$C: Worst president so far, never underestimate the future
$C: He will go down in history as the worst president ever. Mark my words the future will not be kind to him.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Woah, I’m Bosnian Australia too. I thought we were a dying breed, well more kind of an emerging one but it’s really fucking rare, hey? 

Aside from that, I agree with you, America should do something about this.
$C: Thanks, man. We appreciate your concern and I'm happy to hear you're rooting for us. I'm so embarrassed to have this shit stain as a president and shocked that Congress has not acted on his umpteen treasonous acts. The corruption and collision are directly influencing our government. 

Thanks for not seeing all Americans as trump loving racists. We're really not, and we're ready to take back our country. Wish us luck ✌️
$C: It's going to get much worse.
$C: If you're famous they let you do it.


$C: This is the feeling of powerlessness in the face of absolute absurdity.
$C: Strange, I've felt like that for a long time, but last week really changed things for the better for me. There is a sense of relief, it's out there now. The tiny bit of doubt is gone, and what we thought all along was just confirmed, the entire GOP is in Russian hands. 

I used to browse politics and world news comments, and see loads of "no evidence of collusion" comments, haven't seen those anymore last week. I feel like the purgatory phase is finally over, and now we're either headed for a complete fascist takeover or some miracle is going to fix it.
$C: That's exactly the attitude the Russians WANT of you
$C: [The single most important thing you can do to stop this is vote this November](https://www.vote.org/)

* Register to vote

* Check your registration status

* Get your absentee ballot

* Find your polling place

* Get an election reminder
$C: This is what the media does to people, ladies and gentleman.
$C: >When my voice is taken away by a foreign government

if you cant vote the way you want because a fake news article caused you to change your mind, then you probably shouldnt vote at all
$C: You haven't had a voice since 1929.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Working on it. Primary midterm elections next month.. American Redditors need to register to vote, go over their sample ballots, and ACTÚALLY VOTE.  We need to come out in record numbers if we’re going to fix the nation.
$C: [This is america.](https://imgur.com/aHri7m0)
$C: We need more pushing on mainstream social media. Reddit consists of people who wont publicly act, granted this is due to a large number of anonymity. But if its pushed more on americans social media, especially the young adults, we will see movement a protests.
$C: Yeah its crazy how this moron is still in charge, expected more from Americans
$C: What tools do you think are at our disposal?  We have to wait for our elected officials to do anything.
$C: We are. We are up voting these stories. :)
$C: C'mon, do something...
$C: We need all these sources first. Can’t just start burning people because we feel like it. 
$C: ELI5?
$C: I have no idea what those four pixels are supposed to represent. 
$C: They're family. They're in it together.

The RNC was hacked too. Putin brought them all to heel when he told his puppet to tell them he has the truth about them.
$C: Well, this is probably some of the most highly classified intelligence in the government, right?

So you're only going to have access to it if you're a particularly trustworthy guy, and proven to be good at keeping your mouth shut, because otherwise you wouldn't have clearance, right?

Then if you're senior enough to be briefing the President-Elect of the United States, you're going to have decades of secret-keeping behind you. I mean, these guys can't even tell their wives what they do all day, and there's a decent chance that these guys lie on a regular basis to their families to keep their jobs secret.

This is a very small group of people who are the least likely folks in the country to spill a secret or talk to a reporter.

These folks had to be convinced that leaking was better for the country than keeping quiet. Trump's conduct over the past few days could have been that trigger.
$C: Cause the CIA is ALWAYS speaking up in matters like this. 
$C: Because it's not this big fucking deal Reddit makes it out to be. 
$C: It's easy to comment on those things on Reddit. It's easy to overreact. The reality is that it needs solid proof. And not allegations or suggestions.
It is risk aversive (economic and political) to wait for a couple years than perform impeachment and create chaos.
$C: His reaction when Reince Preibus told him to read the report after his only meeting for the day http://i.imgur.com/q1WQKQr.gif
$C: hi, I'm Donald J. Trump. I'm 70 years old and i never fucking learned how to read 
$C: wasn't unable to read
$C: Lol. Shit.
$C: And when it was read for him he didn't understand it.
$C: (of course he'd say he wasn't unable to read it, kind of a double negative, no colusion)
$C: I’m sure they drew pictures for him. 
$C: https://giphy.com/gifs/space-office-pandawhale-i3MFhuyx36KJ2
$C: Throwing contracts at the poor man, we all know he can't read! 
$C: He was elected to lead, not to read. 
$C: He's a liar. He lied about it being a witch hunt. 

He didn't lie *because...* he didn't lie *in order to...* - he's a liar. He lied.
$C: We still do capital punishment for high treason right? 
$C: woah woah woah ragamuffin seems a little much don’t ya think?

/s
$C: This amount of treason should get a hanging. 
$C: “Illiterate ragamuffin.” What a beautiful insult. 
$C: Upvoted for the use of “ragamuffin” if nothing else
$C: So basically a comb over in a cheap suit?
$C: I like this
$C: I like the TIME one where his silhouette is not his. 
$C: He’s not going to be impeached with a Republican majority. This is the most power the Republicans have had in decades. Why would they throw that away?
$C: Can his wig be blowing in the wind or falling off? No part of this should be dignifying.

Edit: ooh and shaped like an elephant. It should be clear who’s to blame for this mess.
$C: This guy arts
$C: Holy shit
$C: Wow. What a treacherous cunt. We have a Russian mole as president.
$C: \*puts on tin foil cap\*

Ya i totally agree
$C: I think there is a lot of validity to this comment.  Also, the people running the intelligence communities are no fools and , I hope,  are strategically leaking information when it will be most damaging to Trump.  

There are SOME smart people left working for the government and I have to believe a coordinated effort is taking place at this moment to remove him from office.  
$C: Agreed. [Don't forget to vote this November](https://www.vote.org/)
$C: Or, get this. We instead try to peacefully educate the GOP on this and sway them over to at least discussing this issue so that both parties can get stuff done.
$C: Its almost 4am here, I only saw it bc I woke to take a shit, it might jump but a bit more in a few hours when east coast wakes up.
$C: While most of the American people are asleep or offline..  
Incredibly impressive.
$C: > how are republicans not...

Because republicans.


$C: Because Trump hates brown people just the Republicans do
$C: That's the question the world is asking as well, not about US congress but about the American people. 
$C: "Give a very stern declaration, and go back to sleep"

"zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz"
$C: Elections are this November. It’s not a presidential election, but you can still vote every single democrat you can get in office. Slow this guy down or road block him. Make sure you’re registered to vote. No excuse. 
$C: *If only there were some Constitutional process to try and remove a President for high crimes....*
$C: Make a snarky comment and move on to the next post.
$C: WE’RE WORKING ON IT, BUT NOTHING IS GETTING THIS CHEETO ANT OUT OF OUR HOUSE
$C: I hate seeing them virtue signaling on Twitter. If they’re truly angry about it, they’d start impeachment processes. 
$C: Elections are this November. It’s not a presidential election, but you can still vote every single democrat you can get in office. Slow this guy down or road block him. Make sure you’re registered to vote. No excuse. 
$C: No. Not for this. This isnt the tipping point, and I've had trumpgret pretty much since the first month of his presidency, but this is just treasonous. I love my country, and am deeply disappointed at the current state of things. I just wanted to keep my guns and get lower tax rates, not hand the pride and power of our entire country over to fucking Russians.
$C: Yea because adults know Hillary was going to steal the election with voter fraud. Russia told trump this.. trump wants to win , got Russia’s help... Wow big deal 
$C: https://gfycat.com/FearlessUglyAldabratortoise
$C: Tre45onous T🇷🇺mp
$C: Tre45on
$C: The senate will decide your fate. 
$C: I believe it's actually treafourtyfiveson
$C: Thanks for giving me something short and sweet to put on my protest signs
$C: Stuff doesn't just happen to the president overnight.  Give it time and we'll see if the GOP puts party or America first.
$C: Well, Obama told Mitt that the Cold War wants its paranoia back and then proceeded to laugh the Russian threat away and let all of this happen so it would seem sane people could doubt Russia’s involvement in this very easily.
$C: *Narrator: They don't.*
$C: Did you see Marco Rubio's soundbites?  Guy was in serious "I can't even" mode.  
$C: Come to their senses? They are complicit. How the fuck more obvious can that be after this week? Strong words, no fucking action. Fuck them all.
$C: [Even better: vote them out](https://www.vote.org/)
$C: When did it become more important to "be right" than do the right thing for your freaking country. I can't even get on Facebook, trump supporters are convinced he is the best thing ever.
$C: If "Bin Ladin Determined To Strike in US" wasn't a wake up call, this won't be either. If history is to judge, things will just get crazier. 
$C: If any GOP member did, they'd get pummeled with shit flung by the Trump cultists. And not just nasty letters. Death threats to them and their families. Are you gonna take a stand against the fucker when the choice is shut up and keep your job, or risk angering the mob and have them send rape threats to you with your daughters dorm room address attached?
$C: They've had a couple of years to come to their senses already. It ain't happening.
$C: Donnie will say it's lies and they'll stand ~~by~~ behind him
$C: Nearly all Republicans abandoned Trump over the Access Hollywood tape, and they paid a price for it in the election. Republicans may WANT to abandon Trump over this, but their voters have repeated shown to take Trumps side, and you cant expect politicians to go against their voters.
$C: Could you explain to me what the problem is?  Sure Russia's involvement in united states politics isn't ideal, nor is lying about it, but what harm has come about because of it?
$C: come to their senses regarding what? what do you want them to do?
$C: U rite. You said so after all. 
$C: Putin begs to differ.

We have to landslide win elections to have a shot.
$C: Hopefully you're right. Remember to vote this November.
$C: It is 2018. We only got 3 months to prepare!
$C: They're literally still doing it. You aren't stopping them. It's 2018. The things they do today will sway hearts and minds of voters when they hit the polls so the damage is being done.

That's America literally letting it happen in 2018. 
$C: Near 100% sadly.
$C: Higher than you think.
$C: In order for an impeachment to go through, you need half of the House and 2/3rds of the Senate. You can help that by [voting](https://www.vote.org/)
$C: I've currently got a sidebet going on him being out by the end of the month, resigning Nixon-style. 
$C: Pretty high. But if you go out and vote in November, his chances of being in office next Halloween drop significantly. 
$C: Man, imagine putting your life on the fucking line to find this out and have the president of your OWN COUNTRY shit all over your work. 

Republicans are spineless for letting this administration continue unabated. 
$C: Personally I prefer dog sources but human sources will do.
$C: Why'd they withhold this super secret putin source from the PDB ? 

Did Trump start getting the PDB too once he was president elect?
$C: wow. that is a huge detail
$C: No... Unfortunately. This is the timeline where the US slowly becomes a shell of it's former self letting our politicians do whatever because why not?
$C: Not if Republicans have their way.

They may talk the talk, but the real issue is if they walk the walk.

And they won't unless they have literally no other choice.
$C: I believe they fiddle, Rome burns.


$C: They've been saying that shit since day one, and it's because they know they have no actual argument that can dismiss the concerns that are brought up. So they attack their opponent instead.
$C: i'm sure they'll flip the script to "Obama allowed this to happen!!" to deflect, while ignnoring the fact that Trump is currently welcoming Russia to fuck with us. 
$C: It's time for a fucking REVOLUTION.
$C: This is an important point. It paints a very scary picture. 
$C: Of course he knew. This is a big and active plan, and we're just seeing a tiny picture. There was stuff in the past, but more to come....
$C: Yes, but the president can only be brought up on charges by Congress through impeachment (it’s more complex than this, but essentially the case). 

As Congress is either unwilling to impeach or even themselves culpable for the same crimes, nothing can really be done about it. 
$C: It depends on how exactly "enemy" is interpreted.
$C: Probably. Good luck convicting him for it though. It's a real shit-show right now, and if this is any indication it's only going to get wilder from here.
$C: It absolutely is. In fact treason is the only crime in the Constitution that comes with a death penalty. 
$C: It depends on how you interpret our laws, regarding the use of the word "enemy". The general legal interpretation is that means war-time opponent, but who knows what the original intent was.

A layperson interpretation of the laws could very easily conclude that this is treason and a capital offense, though.
$C: Good on ya cousin, here’s to hoping we can go back to civilly disagreeing on stuff like normal soon. I love this country and the people in it, I’m not gonna let this guy tear us apart.
$C: I hope the sane republicans strong arm him to not run, but that is just a pipe dream.
$C: Out of curiosity, how did you vote for him after the grab him by the kissy video? I can’t fathom that
$C: Vote for progressives in November. Vote out any and all congressmen that continue to enable Trump. If you truly want him gone, you must do this. It’s our only real hope of change at the moment because heaven knows the GOP will not begin the process of impeachment. 
$C: Boycott any business owned by the trumps
$C: Looking into this thread, you've all already lost. The best way to control a country is to kill the hope of the people and it seems no one wants to act because they feel is pointless. Disgusting.

"The people should never fear the government, the government should fear the people." 

South Korea, a place where people barely have a voice, was able to impeach their president.

Guatemala, one of the most lazy and corrupt places in the world was able to imprison their president.

The people of Venenzuela are literally fighting a revolution right now.

Use your fucking gun rights to overthrow the piece of shit and while you're at it give back power to the people and not corporations. America needs to remember that it's not just about them but the country and the fate of the world how we know it.
$C: Elections are this November. It’s not a presidential election, but you can still vote every single democrat you can get in office. Slow this guy down or road block him. Make sure you’re registered to vote. No excuse. 
$C: You should have taken action months ago. 

You need to organise. We have been never been able to communicate with so many people do easily ever before. 

And now you have every social media platform at your fingers. And nothing. 

The biggest rally was the day after Trump got in. And it wasn't against him. Not in this way. It was against his values. 

I don't understand how there are no rally's or anything to get him out at this point. 
$C: Could one call it /r/ABoringDystopia 
$C: I feel like impeachment isn’t even enough. we need another election. All of his replacements were put into their positions by him. His entire administration is seemingly wholly illegitimate. 
$C: We’re trying sheesh 
$C: Impeaching a president isn't exactly an easy thing to do
$C: Could you imagine if obama had kids to three different women, fucked a pornstar, grabbed women by the pussy, and couldn’t speak properly? Sometimes I wish I could peer into an alternate reality where this is true then pull out would-be trump supporters’ comments on trump-in-Obama’s-body and show them to the same trump supporters side-by-side with their comments about trump. 
$C: This entire situation is unprecedented and American institutions are certainly working overtime to handle this properly. 

I’m not sure enough people realize the trouble of the internet, fake news, mob-mentality, lack of education and critical thinking, etc. 

It’s fascinating, and I hope more people tune-in daily to watch it all unfold. I highly recommend people consume news through a collection of time-tested media sources from all views. (Listen to conservative radio in the car or podcasts, liberal written articles, and a middle-ground tv station like CBSN)

CBSn (CBS News) has a free application on basically every platform; even gaming consoles. 
It’s the most sane, rationale, balanced, and credible source of information that I tune-into, imo.

But at the end of the day, “a free press is not a fair press,” thus, being able to think critically is a crucial skill. 
$C: You've also forgotten "[other high Crimes and Misdemeanors](https://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-srv/politics/special/clinton/stories/watergatedoc_3.htm)" - a "term of art" in law which basically comes down to being a corrupt administrator of the public trust.

See Alexander Hamilton's [Federalist 65](https://www.congress.gov/resources/display/content/The+Federalist+Papers#TheFederalistPapers-65).
$C: Because simply put this investigation is entirely too massive. It is not about a single person doing a single illegal thing. It is about many many people doing many many illegal things over an extended period of time. What has been discovered thus far largely cannot be publicly disseminated because it damages other parts of the investigation.

There will be no impeachment as long as the Republicans control Congress. Some of the Republicans are in on the illegal acts (this is not a theory). Some of them are afraid of Trump. Some of them are loyal to the party. Some of them don't want to lose the support of their constituents. Some of them are just dumb. Some of them are retiring and don't care. These people will not distance themselves from Trump until they have no other option. 

$C: A minority of us. Not us as a group.
$C: Not even a majority of Americans believe or trust these lies.  And the elections were rigged by the Russians, or have you not heard?
$C: Yeah thank god that only happens in the US /s
$C: Never underestimate weaponized stupidity. 
$C: Not all of us
$C: https://vrlps.co/a?pt=MpXkxpSYWrwI5Y8Erw4OZ55dfRI&referralCode=HyC6jO6Qm&refSource=copy
$C: Well said my friend.
$C: Have you seen the GOP lately?  You think they're suddenly going to grow a conscience while they finally get a chance to kill all the regulations and cut taxes on their rich friends?
$C: The GOP won't, but you can help impeach him by voting Dem.

[Click here to](https://www.vote.org/)

* Register to vote

* Check your registration status

* Get your absentee ballot

* Find your polling place

* Get an election reminder
$C: throw some more gold on the thread, that should do it. Then we install bernard sandles into the whitehouse and we're set!
$C: Upvote this to the top. It's great that people are in an uproar but people need to take action as well. Thank you for posting this.
$C: Thank you so much. I’m overseas and didn’t know where to start to register.
$C: HAHAHAHAHAAHHA no......

Treason implies that he worked with the russians.
$C: Impeachment is a political process. The President's party in is charge of the House of Representatives which has to file for impeachment, and they also hold the Senate, who has the job of convicting him.
$C: [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Impeachment\_in\_the\_United\_States](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Impeachment_in_the_United_States)
$C: I find it amazing that this post was so active then suddenly the frog in water lid got 200k upvotes to beat it. The frogs cute but to surpass this coincidentally on the day this post was getting so much traction??? Seems suspiciously like someone was trying to bury this.
$C: It's not for political news, according to the sidebar, posts concerning politics will be removed (though it doesn't always seem to be enforced, depends on the active mod).
$C: Or push the agenda enough on social media to evoke widespread riots
$C: I don't think voting is enough. I have zero faith in our electorial system any more.
$C: Reminder our last election was hacked and were being warned that attacks on our election process are ongoing.  We need a plan B just in case. It's time to stop living in denial.
$C: Like really smart. 

Stable genius indeed. 
$C: Keep seeing this, is 45 important? 
$C: Because Trump is a ratings goldmine. They won't report on it to get you angry to impeach him because:
No trump = poorer ratings = less 0s on paychecks.
$C: Please define Trump-ism.
$C: Impeachment requires a simple majority from the House of Reps. The House of Reps is controlled by Trump's party - the Republicans. The Republicans are not going to impeach one of their own unless they have no other choice. They most definitely are not going to impeach before the mid-term elections because it would absolutely wreck the chances of the Republicans who are up for election. Also some of the Republicans in Congress are complicit, so yeah.  
$C: For what crime? What is he statute? Collusion isn’t even a crime. And this isn’t even that. 

Please site the crime or statute and ask again.
$C: That’s the real message here
$C: 5 .  I hear you
$C: When we fill the streets for more than an afternoon and have protests that aren't glorified hashtags.
$C: This is the point! You question fact and truth. Don’t be confused. Don’t become overwhelmed. 

Confusion is what they want. 
$C: Man! you are right on with your thoughts, i feel that same way.  I feel, We have mother Russia at our doors and everyone is cool with that.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Well duh.  If the man is talking or typing he is lying.
$C: It’s actually treason. I don’t mean that in a figurative way. He collaborated with a foreign entity to get himself elected to the highest political position of the country, and is actively promoting their agenda. This is treason, there’s no other word more accurate for this.
$C: 7:31 AM
Thursday, July 19, 2018 (GMT+3)
Time in Moscow, Russia 
$C: Just curious - I wonder if there is a bot army for upvotes as well. Would kind of make sense if political figures learned something from the elections.
$C: ... and no comment on  the 35+ gildings? 
$C: You misspelled "complicit".
$C: I sort by new because I hate myself. You must hate yourself too. Come let us bask in this cancerous, toxic land.
$C: That’s how these clowns are .. they say one thing one day then when the bigot in office takes it back they change their talking points. 
$C: Storm the streets. Start slicing some heads off.
$C: They'll need to make America great AGAIN after this cause it's a steaming pile of horse shit today.
$C: He won't be impeached as long as Americans keep voting for the Republican party (or, more precisely, as long as Democrat voters continue to decide not to vote).
$C: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HyperNormalisation
$C: No, he avoids impeachment by Republicans not caring.
$C: Stupid Watergate. 
$C: 75 times?!
$C: This is extremely dangerous for our democracy.


$C: Trump didn't want the legitimacy of his election called into question, so he sided with Putin and wouldn't publicly accept the fact that Russia did interfere.

But it's kind of fucked up that he fired Yates, Comey, tried to fire Mueller twice and started his fight with the FBI. To me, that says a lot more than just "I didn't want anyone to think I probably shouldn't be the president"

... man, this whole thing is like the biggest slimiest mound of bullshit this country has probably seen in a while. 
$C: It is up to Congress. Congress is controlled by his political party (Republican/GOP). In order for him to be impeached, his own party (who has backed him for two years) would have admit their mistake. 

This is the easiest way he can be removed from office at the moment, but is unlikely to happen. 
There is a Congressional election later this year, however, so we will see what happens then.
$C: There's no tangible bar for impeachment. Impeachment will come when Congress starts to turn on trump, and Congress won't turn on him until his base does. But unfortunately trump's base views everything anti-trump as fake news. That's why all this shit just rolls off him like water off a duck's back. It's actually quite impressive how successful he's been at inoculating his voters against facts.
$C: I genuinely have no clue. Trump's inauguration changed my life. It's literal, object proof that *anything* can happen. No-one thought he was going to be president. *No-one.*


Inspiring in the worst way, you could say. 
$C: That's the major problem here. This massively delegitimises his Presidency and generally only leaves two options. Either Trump is a moron or he was actively engaged with a foreign power during the election.
$C: It’s a bit hard when you have a police force who’s armed like they’re another branch of the DoD. 
$C: Protest is more constructive than riots
$C: By screeching about Hillary. 
$C: They basically just copied the article then started talking about Helsinki again before theirs was finished. 
$C: How do you tell if they're bots or not
$C: Memes about Hillary Clinton. They don't give a shit anymore. 
$C: Hope you're wearing your hazard suit.
$C: It's not just you, I've been seeing it, too.
$C: What bots? People are understandably pissed
$C: The gold and the upvotes are very suspicious. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: Good I hope it's the biggest fucking rally America has ever seen
$C: I'm not going to say it isn't true but I'd have more sympathy if America wasn't the nexus for cyber attacks and meddling in other peoples affairs.
$C: Impeachment begins in the House of Representatives. Write to your Rep!

http://govtrack.us
$C: Well, the guy they have now didn't get the highest number of votes.
$C: Yeah... not about to go start a revolution because a low-tier tabloid made up some garbage with anonymous sources.
$C: Kinda like how Clinton got away with sending Bernie away and getting the nod for the Nomination? Dude, the people spoke and eliminated what, 16 other Republican candidates? I was astounded that DT got nominated. Probably woulda voted for Bernie, he seems like an honorable guy. But the brass tacks are this, Donald is an outside non politician, fuck man, he probably was like "Oh shit! i won..fuck, now what am I gonna do.." So now he's trying to do a job he really didn't want. And btw, your "college student...smart/important people" remark is why the deplorables steam rolled your asses at the polls. Get off your fucking high horse and realize this guy is smarter than you. He's kicking the system in the balls and doing his job. 
$C: That asshole acted like he was in on it too. 

>And **the Obama administration also tried to ask leaders in Congress of both parties to sign a statement condemning these foreign efforts.** The Democratic leaders agreed to do so. The Republican speaker, Paul Ryan, apparently thought that he could get there, **but the majority leader in the Senate, Mitch McConnell, did not agree to do that** . And so, ultimately, there was no public statement until October of 2016, by which time, with the view of history, it may have been too late to do anything about it.

https://www.npr.org/2018/07/15/629281975/fact-check-did-the-obama-administration-respond-to-election-interference-by-russ
$C: If only Donald himself is deluded, he would've been impeached already.
$C: Honestly, is this all we can do? I don't want to sit back and let this slide, this is bullshit that should not be happening in MY America.
$C: No one knew the extent of the case against Putin directly or how deeply Trump was briefed about it....
$C: With a republican congress? Only way trump leaves early is if Americans drag him out of the white house. 
$C: of course
$C: Trump wouldn't be able to pass even if he was asked what his favorite color was.

You know that scene in [The Holy Grail?](https://youtu.be/pWS8Mg-JWSg)
$C: Nope. Lie detectors are bullshit + He has already been caught lying now. 
$C: New way of promoting your post? 45 x $4 (minus 40% for bulk). $108 all up? Small price to pay if you are a journo wanting to promote your own work or a political lobbyist trying to push a message.  
  
I’m always suss when a nothing post like this (seriously - only an absolute flog didn’t know this 6 months ago!!!) gets so much love.  
  
Watch the user and the post magically disappear.  
$C: check out r/MostGilded there are some in the 4 digits
$C: nah saw a post about trump the otherday with more.
$C: To quote our (Australia's) current acting PM, Malcom Turnbull, "Trump is a patriot."

Shame on Australia.
$C: >get the local media involved

The media are the problem, the media has been hysterical ever since he won the election and it shows no sign of stopping.
$C: 50 now
$C: We'll find out! 

>The strategy of those on the Right - the strategy is to convince you that if Donald Trump is not indicted tomorrow, if he's not impeached in his third week in office, that it's all fake - that there's nothing there, it's all a smoke screen. And it's a… lengthy process and it's a lengthy climb and, you know, we're not sure, just like on the price is right, you know, we're never sure when we get to the top until you fall off.


Check out the podcast Opening Arguments, not only do the cover lots of legal aspects, but they have a long running segment called [Yodel Mountain](http://openargswiki.wikidot.com/yodel-mountain), where they cover whatever new piece of information gets Trump closer to being removed from office. They almost never have to make large corrections on their statements and predictions, because they are coming at it from Andrew Torrez' perspective as a lawyer, and are often very nuanced. They've often reported correctly on hyperbolic liberal and left wing claims as well. I'm absolutely sure they'll cover this, and maybe even do a rapid response episode.

$C: I sure hope so.
$C: Mueller represents one of the three branches of government, and they’re doing their job unlike Trump.
$C: Me too. Well, I hope it leads to us increasing our cybersecurity and learning how to deal deal these threats, and hopefully not fall for a conman that thinks they're after witches instead of... The actual threat that's there. Russia hasn't stopped. 
$C: No. It's the top 3 stories for me. 
$C: It seems that Russia's geopolitical objectives are all being achieved.
$C: The special investigation is to find campaign involvement, which they have.  We've known about Russian meddling since before the election.
$C: Good one.
$C: Exhaustion, perhaps.
$C: Because no one cares. I can't believe I'm forced to defend Russia nowadays...
$C: ya, this is a big fucking deal...despite the thousands and thousand of trolls trying to dismiss the FACT that the current president was presented with INCONTROVERTIBLE evidence that Putin HIMSELF directed and coordinated a massively complex scheme to manipulate the public, conspire to hack private and government organizations all in an effort to get Trump elected. Despite this, Trump has decided to lie and muddy the waters for nearly two years. It's unconscionable 
$C: It will not be swept under the rug. American institutions are stronger than they’ve appeared to be the past couple years, imo. 
$C: It's already gone from my front page in less than 12 hours. Literally the most upvoted post in /r/worldnews of all time and 6th most upvoted period. It's a bit fishy.
$C: not a record for gilding but this is the most upvoted post on /r/worldnews as of now.
$C: Better overthrow the government and instill a despot.  Only way we we have left to help prevent fascism.
$C: Hey now, Jerry is actually pretty smart. He outsmarted Rick, so don't compare him to the Republicans.
$C: [removed]
$C: And he spoke so strongly.
$C: [deleted]
$C: I would love for this to happen. Please Putin right now. I’d love to see T_D have literally nothing to say. 
$C: If obama came back to serve as America’s true god-emperor for life I wouldn’t even mind tbh. 
$C: ahhh facists. "you don't agree with me so you have to be silenced".
$C: > Not saying Trump plans to murder people, but rather that the psychology of it all is so similar both times.
> 
> 

He does though. He's specifically said he wants to kill a variety of people in a variety of ways for a variety of reasons.

And upon hearing of the variety - his supporters rejoiced; what a smorgasbord.

And just like what happened with Hitler, when people started getting horrified, his defenders said "It's just how he talks - tough - he's not going to do it"
$C: They are upvoting things on Reddit. 
$C: I think there is a massive lack of videos that explain how to debate trump supporters on YT - however, try looking for it through search engines. I googled “how to debate a trump supporter” for example and there are countless links of varying assistance that give ideas on how to combat cognitive dissonance and other issues associated with those that support Trump. In summary, don’t bother with YT unless you want to see lots of examples of Trump supporters attempting to scream down anti - Trump protestors - the real help comes in written form it seems. 
$C: does he use a smartphone? Does he have social media?
$C: Let me have a look for you 
$C: Does it matter?

The fact is Donald has known for over two years that Putin has tried to interfere with our election process. 

Trump has done nothing about. He’s claiming he believes the intelligence one day, then siding with Putin the next. 

Taking Putin’s side shouldn’t even cross his mind ever. Trump has no respect for this country. And we have elected him to be in charge. 

Unfuckingbelieveable. 
$C: It is. This means he knew about it from the very beginning that Russia was interfering, while saying "there's no need to investigate, nothing happened" and trying to undermine the investigation. Over and over. So about everything he said, every denial, now we have absolute proof he was lying. And every appearance of obstruction now we know was absolutely meant. 
$C: More than any of us will ever understand.
$C: I've been saying that almost every week for a year now. Hopefully it actually turns out to be true this time. 
$C: If only we had stranges time stone. 
$C: We can only hope.
$C: I think the meeting in Helsinki was the end of act two, and act three opens with the GOP eating itself alive.
$C: You forgot SAME CIA THAT GAVE IRAQ WMDS
$C: What the fuck? I get 20 sorosbucks a comment in these subs and that’s because I have to keep shitposting on other subs!
$C: [deleted]
$C: I don’t know, this time seems different... There have been days of backlash now from both Democrats and Republicans (plus that whole Russian spy being arrested).
$C: The real #walkaway is always in the comments
$C: Yeah I don't know how people can deny this 
$C: are you being sarcastic on the end there because you have to be lol 
$C: They need that woman who played Dolores umbridge to play trump. 
$C: The actor who played Joffrey can play Trump by then. 
$C: Well, yeah.  WW3 started awhile ago, and the US is losing pretty badly.
$C: Oh quit it. Mueller’s investigation is ongoing.
$C: Also, treason.
$C: Running a few Facebook events? 

It just takes one American to know how much power they actually have.
$C: Organise locally. As the other commenter said, make Facebook events/groups. Someone has to start it, and the power is in your hands.
$C: And yet here I am, over the last several hours, responding to comments that over and over again seem to think it's meaningless if it didn't literally change the election. No, there's a lot more than just that here. 
$C: Right now, Republicans are in control of both houses of Congress. They're the ones who, assuming spinal growth, can begin the impeachment process. For whatever reason, whether they are involved or just want to stay in control, they are refusing to take action. This is why it's important to vote come November.
$C: Hey, I'll be honest I don't know you nor do I know what you did to consider yourself a failure. Despite that I just wanna say that nobody is truly gone, do some good in the world. Bring happiness to others and yourself, even if it's minor. If someone at least tries to do that I don't see how anyone could truly see them as a failure.
$C: It should really be sixth most popular of r/all top: all time. Three spots behind the AMA Obama did as POTUS awhile back.
$C: Probably indexed and gets refreshed slower than the other time variations.
$C: Their goals kind of align. Just like Russia they also wanted to throw a grenade into the Whitehouse to throw the American political system into chaos. 
$C: http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2018/07/19/trump-was-briefed-about-putins-meddling-role-2-weeks-before-taking-office-report.html
$C: lol troll
$C: Your a Donald poster. You have no credibility. You are part of a cult.

I frequently check on T_D to see whats posted there. They sunk even lower than fox 'news'. T_D news are mostly bad memes about things you can prove false within 2 minutes. Its a circlejerk, a confirmation bubble. They never have any controversy, and most importantly, its a fucking trap for more simple people who dont know better and want to be a part of something.

T_D is collectivly the most unreflected, misinformed mob I have seen. Even worse, the people there hype each other in their extremist views and shield each other from reality. They are fucking dangerous.

Dont lecture people about sources.
$C: It’s likely true. It reveals somethings too. Like that the US would be close enough internally to Putin to know this. So spying. That spying, as high up as it was, reveals no collusion. And finally, it says nothing new. The President has acknowledged many times that so called Russian hackers attempted to sway the election. There are  multiple previous reports that say the their attempts did not sway the results. 
$C: Fuck man, where's your humanity? At least use some lube before you fucking destroy their ass like that.
$C: Goes against the Reddit circle jerk 
$C: The obvious implication of what you state is that Russia wanted to prevent Clinton from being elected.  Everything they did was against Clinton.  Trump was the beneficiary of that.
$C: There were very clear favorites based on the amount of money each campaign received from Russian sources. Yea sure they did it to multiple candidates, their entire goal is division among the people and politicians, but that doesn't mean such efforts were distributed evenly or that they resulted in a net-zero benefit among each candidate. The only thing we should be questioning though is was Trump complicit and knowledgeable about the election rigger and did he willingly participate and utilize those resources. Either he A. Didn't know about it until that point and wasn't complicit with Russia actions B. Knew about the Russian manipulations longer but took no part in utilizing or facilitating the Russian efforts C. He knew about the manipulations and purposefully facilitated or used that Russian influence to his advantage. In A, he is clear no matter what the Russians did, in B he is 99% clear of any substantial charges, but in C he is guilt of treason, facilitating foreign adversaries in aggressive actions against the US in order to subvert our government and our political processes, especially violating the rights of all US citizens.

Nobody cares about A, B is of a small interest to some people but ultimately a pointless gesture, but whether C is true or not is what we want and need to know in order to protect our own sovereignty and basic right, which Trumps changing denials and lack of cooperation are suggesting. He could make this whole situation go away tomarrow if he cooperated. And if he wasn't guilty of something as serious as treason he would be free to go.
$C: No, but they were very price and committed to writing "Mr. Trump" every time they mentioned his name...
$C: The goal is to seed dissent, propagate divide. Drive the wedge into society. It worked so well I dont beleive the russians expected just how well. 
$C: [removed]
$C: I wouldn't put it past Kellyanne to show up on CNN one of these days and say "I'm not even sure why we are talking about the actions of PRIVATE CITIZEN Donald Trump! This is ridiculous! You should be looking at the actions of PRESIDENT Donald Trump!"
$C: They watch Faux News
$C: Well the article doesn't list sources for this info. 
$C: Because representative democracy is slow. My opinion: we will be able to vote him out before he gets removed form office via impeachment. I hope I'm wrong. 
$C: Idiots voted for an idiot with the help of other idiots
$C: I think the IC will have a lot to say.

Bending the knee to Russia has got to be the last straw, since most of these guys have been spending their entire careers battling Russia.
$C: Something about the 2nd of all time ircks me more. Maybe it's the 115 people that paid money to guild a fucking billionaire.
$C: Don't do it if you want to save your sanity.

At least there seems to be way less activity there now than before (visited it once when Trump won the election)
$C: Trump’s AMA got gilded 115 times. 
$C: > Why isn’t it exploding anywhere but Reddit?

Because no one else gives a shit. 
$C: There is no end.  Just more lies.
$C: French revolution.
$C: People (Republicans) were legit talking about instigating an armed takeover of the country over Obamacare. 
$C: Got work. Not losing my job over this shit. 
$C: yes
$C: History is finally getting interesting again. We haven’t had anything worth emotion since the wars in the Middle East. 
$C: My programmer husband laughed when I read that part to him. It was nice to have something to laugh about in that article. 
$C: We don’t know . But if intelligence is telling you they know, you don’t start firing people and denying because “it might not be putin” you ask intelligence to show you how they know for sure. I’m gonna guess they had the proof. 
$C: Had to look again,  holy.

My brain saw 4 instead of 45 the first time.
$C: Trump supporters? Where? Oh you're talking about the Russian trolls. 

If even 1% of America genuinely supports trump right now I'd be surprised. The minority are loud but they're a minority - supported by trolls.

Even the Republican Party is having to double-take right now. 
$C: They don’t use “fake news “ anymore it’s bitten them in the ass too many times , but yes lately their new one is “who cares” and “this why we will win in2020” even though Russia helped 2016 and they lost by 3 million votes to a crap candidate.
$C: Just sort by new. 
$C: America has been fucked for a pretty long time now
$C: He will just lie and hannity and fox and friends will back him up. 
$C: Beto is going to lose so if you're going to spend your hard earned money on a politician send it to Democrat Conor Lamb. It's just a matter of time before more and more Texans find out that Beto wants to ban the majority of rifles in the United States. Pro-ban....in *Texas*....
$C: Why are you trying to destroy people’s self respect?
$C: How about 2,265 gold

https://www.reddit.com/r/MMA/comments/6mpyn4/dana_got_a_little_excited_at_the_press_conference/dk3g4iz/
$C: True
$C: There's literally no legit evidence, get over it and stop bitching.  I think Trump is a dumbass, but this witch hunt shit is ridiculous. 
$C: Get on the streets in large numbers, boycott the government and the economy
$C: Non-American here. Non of us outside the USA voted for that cunt. He ain’t “Leader of the free world” He’s leader of a country that he’s gaslighting so hard, he’s gonna burn it down.
$C: Angela Merkel is the leader of the free world.
$C: [Crazy world, a lot of smells.](https://78.media.tumblr.com/0b00bb072afd2246cb2b7fa4882fef13/tumblr_inline_o7li6qG0lt1rr5si2_500.gif)
$C: Spray tan 
$C: Piss. 
$C: Because Trump has been lying to the American people since before he was President. He knows Russia is responsible, and he still capitulates to Putin. Trump is a compromised traitor.
$C: Yeah man, then once we win we'll exile all these lefties to live with you in Australia!
$C: I thought it said 6 until I read this message
$C: lol, this isn't even close to the climax. 
$C: The post with the most gold on Reddit sits at around 93. This usurps quite a few records but I'm guessing it's a couple of places down from the top.

If we're including comments one once got over 400. In that case neh.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Ordered, allegedly, and according to Obama, not successful. So no, because this wasn’t a hack. No matter who ordered it.
$C: Perjury is lying under oath. Theoretically a president could lie every day publicly as long as he didn’t swear an oath before saying those words. I’m not sure how many if any at all of his lies were under oath. 
$C: 1. Several Facebook groups and bot comments claiming to be American were proven to come from Russia. Also, they hacked the DNC and funded Wikileaks, which is why a bunch of leaked emails about Hillary came out, and forced Comey to investigate, making Hillary look super bad and just so happened to happen before the election. The republican voter base is very easily swayed and very gullible. 

2. That’s not really what this post is about. This post proves that Donald trump has been lying his ass off for years. 
$C: Because journalists depend on maintaining the integrity of their sources. If you revealed a source that took you months, possibly years to cultivate a relationship with every time you published a story with information from that source, no one would ever talk to you again. Especially if those sources are high level administrators close to people like the president. 

So you have to trust the New York Times and their journalists to maintain integrity, which I do. 
$C: very true
$C: It's an opinion piece that fits Reddit's opinion. Why on earth would actual hard evidence be needed?
$C: Go back 10 years, 20 years, 50 years. Journalists have always used "anonymous sources". ALWAYS. It's only now that they are conveniently showing the traitors in our midst that it's a problem.

Anonymous sources gave us Watergate. Anonymous sources broke all the big stories in our lifetime. THIS IS HOW JOURNALISM WORKS!
$C: [deleted]
$C: Most articles about Trump that get upvoted to the moon have zero evidence and are someone's opinion.

It's just makes the people upvoting the articles and supporting them look like complete morons. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: ... No way.
$C: Wow those people are delusional
$C: He should just say that he will resign if Clinton promises to get out of politics. 

Save face, and end on a positive note. 
$C: >Almost no dissenting opinions.

It's a little hard to make a compelling pro-treason argument. 
$C: 38 golds 3 hours later, 95k upvotes, yeah the Russians are totally manipulating social media for propaganda reasons. smh.
$C: Now it has 18 Golds, totally natural for that to happen.
$C: I agree man. Anything with Trump + Russia in the title gets tens of thousands of upvotes.
$C: 16 golds now. That means $80 was spent on this nonsense. Someone really wants it visible. Wish there was a way to see who awards gold to shit like this.

Edit: 36 golds. I wonder if this is just a joke at this point, like those silly gold trains you sometimes see. 

lol, I hope it passes 100 by tomorrow. 
$C: > Article behind paywall.

Literally all you have to do to read the article is right click and select "Open link in incognito window."
$C: 25 golds now. :D

I really proofs that its just propaganda, nonsense that doesnt matter. Here in Germany even our left-wing magazines dont report on it.


In the comments you will find delusional people screeching NOW HE GETS IMPEACHED!!! but nothing happens because he did nothing wrong
$C: Reddit is a propaganda machine where 80% of its content on any political subreddit is complaining about propaganda.

And your average user is somehow too stupid to see it.
$C: The OP can have a bias without vote manipulation. I watched Trump's SECOND walkback in two days receive comparatively few upvotes, which dispells of the vote manipulation theory pretty hard.

Perhaps people want others to know that the president has been lying to the American people for two years to protect the interests of a foreign adversary instead of his own country's
$C: http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2018/07/19/trump-was-briefed-about-putins-meddling-role-2-weeks-before-taking-office-report.html
$C: There were very clear favorites based on the amount of money each campaign received from Russian sources. Yea sure they did it to multiple candidates, their entire goal is division among the people and politicians, but that doesn't mean such efforts were distributed evenly or that they resulted in a net-zero benefit among each candidate. The only thing we should be questioning though is was Trump complicit and knowledgeable about the election rigger and did he willingly participate and utilize those resources. Either he A. Didn't know about it until that point and wasn't complicit with Russia actions B. Knew about the Russian manipulations longer but took no part in utilizing or facilitating the Russian efforts C. He knew about the manipulations and purposefully facilitated or used that Russian influence to his advantage. In A, he is clear no matter what the Russians did, in B he is 99% clear of any substantial charges, but in C he is guilt of treason, facilitating foreign adversaries in aggressive actions against the US in order to subvert our government and our political processes, especially violating the rights of all US citizens.

Nobody cares about A, B is of a small interest to some people but ultimately a pointless gesture, but whether C is true or not is what we want and need to know in order to protect our own sovereignty and basic right, which Trumps changing denials and lack of cooperation are suggesting. He could make this whole situation go away tomarrow if he cooperated. And if he wasn't guilty of something as serious as treason he would be free to go.
$C: We need to stop this embarrassment and self-flagellating nonsense and start being pissed and proactive 
$C: There's an open border to the south.
$C: I assume you're talking about this post and thread right? It is embarrassing and frustrating to see so many ignorant people yelling about impeachment and treason.
$C: I think most people are.  Most trump supporters dont use the internet or know anything about politics.
$C: An election that he doesn't decide to discard the results of which actually changes the balance of power in congress.

So... basically nothing.
$C: A guillotine 
$C: Just read new. 
$C: Vote! From an Australian to you; your vote matters across the globe. Thank you for voting. 
$C: PROTEST. DONT STOP CALLING OFFICES. SIT IN BUSINESSES. PEACEFUL CIVIL DISOBEDIENCE. TALK TO PEOPLE. GET MAD. AND ORGANIZE. COMMUNICATE.
$C: Do you happen to listen to Opening Arguments, or TrumpConLaw? Both legal podcasts, OA regularly tackles Trump topics (among many other current events) and the other is about how he intersects with constitutional law. Both by lawyers. 
$C: Who says it isn't?
$C: Bill Clinton was impeached.  Impeachment is just a step in the removal process of a president. There are other steps that need to be taken before a president is removed from office. 
$C: Clinton and Obama upstaged them.  One got impeached while both used the media to cover for their scandals.  

Then again, Nixon had more appreciation for the country than either of them.  
$C: > those who are interested protecting reasonable discussion.

Active in : t_d.

Panic mode much?


$C: It is a trash fire in here.
$C: Russia has no incriminating info on Trump!

Trump was just nice to Putin because he’s a baby back bitch!


$C: Hillary wanted to continue Obama’s fuckery with the Assad regime so it’s understandable how Putin would want to avoid that.

Also the two know each other and hate each other’s guts. Last thing we need is personal feelings between two super power leaders.

If a more Russia friendly Democrat runs against Trump in 2020 maybe Russia will support him/her.
$C: Hacks. DNC hacks. You should care about this because a foreign adversary interfered with our elections and the candidate who benefited (and is under investigation for conspiring with that adversary) has attempted to gaslight the entire country about the source of the attack when he has known all along that Putin ordered it.
$C: Do you need to borrow someone’s feelings?
$C: It's simple really, even a moron like some of these Trump supporters in here might be able to understand (not saying you are one). If they could compromise DNC servers, what makes you think they didn't compromise RNC servers. Does anyone know if it that happened or not. It could have easily happened. I mean look Trump is using an unsecured phone on a daily basis. So it follows that if they hacked the DNC then they probably also hacked the RNC.

But wait, why hasn't anything been released? I would venture to guess they might just be holding on to it and the RNC is compromised. Just speculation on my part, but it's foolish to trust Russia in any sense of the word when this could be an issue. Yet Republicans everywhere, including the President refuse to condemn Putin. I wonder why? Just pure speculation on my part you know, but still it should really make people think, it should really give people pause, and we should really not be supporting anyone who thinks Putin is our friend.
$C: Because of this:

Maybe take a look at this russian textbook on geo politics:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Foundations_of_Geopolitics

See it as kind of a bucket list with half of it crossed off already.

And maybe you should read up on hybrid warefare. Its a thing.

http://www.natolibguides.info/hybridwarfare
$C: I don't think they can easily reveal who gave the info since its technically classified information. 
$C: Modern journalism has turned into constructing a narrative out of "anonymous sources", hearsay and implied trust based on name recognition.
$C: http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2018/07/19/trump-was-briefed-about-putins-meddling-role-2-weeks-before-taking-office-report.html
$C: [deleted]
$C: You've been saying that for the past 2 years lmfao.
$C: Well.... we wish it was. Seeing how corrupt and downright complacent this country's leadership has been on any forward movement on this, I'm skeptical. It saddens me so deeply.
$C: Good luck will never happen
$C: Orange man is finished this time!
$C: Good one
$C:  I don’t know much about this, but Can’t Pence just pardon him as soon as he is impeached? 
$C: Maybe saying it a thousand more times will make it come true
$C: How so? What is the impeachable offense? 
$C: Way past due. 
$C: Lol yea good luck with that....

$C: lol
$C: > It’s impeachment time, boys.

_He'll be in handcuffs by Friday!_
$C: Sadly the GOP is so corrupt it’s going to take more than this. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: There is no way we are going to get 15 or so GOP senators to put country before party.
$C: I would hope so but the american government is more corrupt than I expected.


$C: Not gonna happen, it's time to take to the streets and shut this shit down.
$C: By spending $400,000 on facebook ads and using bots to retweet shit.

Which is funny, because if the dems can take close to a billion dollars and lose to Russian shitposters spending a fraction of a fraction of a percent, they've more than proven themselves too incompetent to lead.

Nah, the real truth is everyone bitches about echo chambers on the internet, but the internet itself is an echo chamber. How many blue-collar workers have time to visit sites like Reddit or Twitter? How many have the time or energy? Most are too busy with families and life to worry about that.

So what happened was the internet convinced itself that Hillary was a shoe-win since the internet is largely liberal, even when she failed to reach out and connect with large portions of the country. Indeed, her messages drove some people away. You don't go to coal country and tell the out-of-work impoverished workers their jobs aren't coming back, for example, even if it's the truth. Because journalists spend a lot of time online, they found themselves falling for these echo chambers, and created articles reflecting her odds.

When it came time to vote, everyone online was surprised that Hillary didn't win, when a cursory glance at the rally numbers or campaign signs from both candidates would have told you all you needed to know. Trump had huge support in large portions of the country and was a popular candidate, and many saw him as a new Reagan. Nevertheless, these same journalists became insistent upon the fact that they couldn't be wrong, and that something fishy must've occurred, and rather than refocusing on their message and finding ways to connect with voters, the dems decided to lash out at Russia.

The reason for this is unclear. Putting aside the bullshit, there hasn't been any evidence of collusion, though there does seem to be some evidence of them trying to sway our election...But why Russia is targeted, I haven't the foggiest. How many people on Reddit from other countries tried to change the minds of American voters, for example? Shit, how many illegals in the country had their voices heard?

To me, it all seems like boogeyman nonsense, but that may be why it's still being discussed. The media is hemorrhaging money, and will do anything for those precious clicks. People keep talking about Russia, so they keep running with that story. This causes people to grow fearful and worried, and makes them more addicted to the news. It's a positive feedback loop that will run its course until it eventually loses steam. Anyone sufficiently old enough or wise enough will recall the same nonsense happened in the early 2000s with 'terrorists', the 1990s with 'the gay agenda', the 1980s with 'drugs'...And so on.

Shit, I;m rambling. I need sleep.
$C: Spreading propoganda online, use Facebook user data to target key demographics, hacked into both the DNC and the RNC, and no assessment out there says whethere or not this actually swayed the election, there isn't a way to measure that in a meaningful way. But the point is that they are taking extreme measures to try and influence the election. That other comment talking about them only spending 400k is terribly misinformed. These attacks used coordination from the highest levels of the Russian government to hack information they released at key times in order to hurt the Clinton campaign and help the Trump campaign.

Trump lost the popular vote by 3 million.  He won three states that flipped the electoral college to his favor. It only took around 7k votes in specific counties to flip those states. You don't need to influence mass amounts of people. Just key groups in key places. 

If a person voted for Trump or just refused to vote in general based off false information Russia spread then that is a huge deal.
$C: Read the answer by /u/PoppinKREAM, whos summaries are famous by now:

https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/901p5f/two_weeks_before_his_inauguration_donald_j_trump/e2n6mtn/
$C: How else could Hillary have lost? That's all the explanation needed.
$C: Read the article. It says it
$C: Bingo.  When we question trumps loyalty we are playing into their hands.  The Russians are eating this up.

They could care less who won.   Just keep
Dividing us and push for a civil split. 
$C: I appreciate you. 
$C: Mueller has caught 32 witches.
$C: I like how the one investigation that actually found serious dirt that had anything to do with emails and servers, was in fact the investigation into russian intelligence officers hacking the DNC and doing what they could to swing the election for Trump and at least one congressional candidate. In the indictment of the 12 officers, it looks pretty clear that the Trump campaign was onboard with this happening, at a minimum.
$C: Why do you think this is a witch hunt?  Just curious.  Not trying to pull a “gotcha”.  Just wondering what gives you that notion?

Edit:  okay, I was trying to start a dialogue.  Have a conversation.  I did think he was serious so I’ll own that.  But come on, what’s wrong with having a conversation with someone who sees things from a different perspective.  I don’t understand the downvotes.  
$C: It's a Vich hunt.
$C: What examples of collusion are you referring to if you don’t mind me asking
$C: cuckcuckuckuckuck

edit: oh, sorry it's hard to discern sarcasm when people unironically say the same stances. I'll take the downvotes though
$C: Hay that's not true don't forget his family and friends and Putin.
$C: To be fair, I'd rather have a businessman lying to me, than a politician lying to me. 

The businessman will have to lie in the context of others being able to make him more money by still having money left, but the politician will lie without having to ensure others still have power.
$C: Well you need a single reason before you can have 'many more'.
$C: One Legitimate reason would be nice. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: How many spots need to flip to not (R)?
$C: Let's say 3 more randomly made up articles from hate-media and we go, ok?
$C: [removed]
$C: All of the reasons.
$C: Republicans have control of both the House and the Senate and Donald Trump has a 90% approval rating among Republicans.  [Source](https://news.gallup.com/poll/203198/presidential-approval-ratings-donald-trump.aspx)
$C: A list of reasons why you didn't win the big election fails to be sufficient.

Let's say you really dislike your neighbor and have 500 reasons why. That's not enough to have them arrested unless one of those things was actually criminal.

The court of tabloid journalism sensationalizes a new slight every day. That's not sufficient. Hence the lack of an impeachment.
$C: Well, there needs to be something done that is impeachable.

Guess what?  This is a big nothingburger.  You do realize that Obama was shown the same exact intelligence and what was done?  Oh wait.  Obama said that Russian meddling wasn't possible. (Or something along those lines.)

No votes were changed.  Maybe some Facebook ads?  How is that impeachable?   Ya'll throw that word around like it's some sort of super threat, but for as many "reasons" as you think he is impeachable,  there isn't anything he's done to be impeached. So. 
$C: The Siberian Candidate

*Coming this Fall...*
$C: Putin told Trump he didn't do it. Trump believed him. That's about it from the Russians.
$C: Nothing will be, until suddenly something is.
$C: They really are cancerous and pretty worthless when it comes to actually having a conversation. It sounds like flat earthers. No joke. Same tactics. Just as frustrating and mind blogging and, frankly, embarrassing. 
$C: "no sources" "fake news" "allegedly" "no proof" "anonymous sources" "no such reports exist or they'd all had been leaked last year" "shut this investigation down!"

Did I sum up their reasoning pretty well on guesswork alone?
$C: Because Reddit is different from real life. 
$C: Republicans
$C: Because of red fucks.
$C: Because it's all lies.
$C: Because you need actual evidence to convict someone of a crime. You need damn good evidence to convict the President of the United States of a crime. 
$C: It was 2 people that wrote the blog-entry. How are **these guys**. Your framing might cause confusion.
$C: Makes America look silly. That it even came this far is ridiculous
$C: because he's doing a good job.
$C: Because no matter how the media swings it, Facebook ads didn't influence as much as they think. If ads made a significant impact, America  media could have easily swayed the election against him. And boy did they try SO hard to do just that.
$C: Because brown people were the biggest republican voter issue in 2016. 
$C: it’s not a story the GOP would tell you...
$C: I AM the executive branch!
$C: Treason now 
$C: It seems like cut and dry obstruction to me. The president knowing about it, all while lying that it happened, and trying to use the basis that it didn't happen to try and shut down the investigation 
$C: That's not what collusion means. I could be told someone was going to kill someone, I didn't callude with the killer.
$C: Finding out something after the fact is far from collusion.


$C: *colusion
$C: Not necessarily unless I missed something. It does show that he has been lying the whole time though and clearly isn't acting in the USAs best interest. It is likely only a matter of time before the evidence of collusion is revealed though.
$C: Hello there!
$C: The senate will decide his fate
$C: [deleted]
$C: Are you schizophrenic or?
$C: It‘s moments like these that make me both love and hate reddit - I love your comment, but classic reddit wooshed
$C: I appreciated the reference.
$C: Idk pretty big doubts of legitimacy with stuff from the jew york times, but this is still small fries in comparison to 32 percent of our congress having dual citizenship with israel, giving them a million a day in aid, and our leaders attending AIPAC every year.  Trump colludes with israel constantly and no one cares.  Collude with russia, a supporter of iran against zionism, and everyone goes wild.
$C: Actually, a "nimble navigator" renounced his support of Trump in his top comment on r/asktrumpsupporters and the mods removed his comment as the rules stipulate that non supporters cannot have a top comment...

Drama ensued....

It does seem like cracks are beginning to show.
$C: No. And they won't. They are going to be making excuses all the way up to last nuclear detonation. I've been surrounded by these people all my life. They will never concede.
$C: I like how if you post this article over to The_Donald, it gets deleted within minutes.
$C: Little by little it seems to be happening.  But sunk costs can be psychologically very powerful.
$C: Certainly am. I made a big mistake. AMA. Tired atm so I don't care to articulate too much but I could answer a question or two.
$C: The Russians are trying to sow discord in the US.  It isn’t that the trump supporters are asleep— it is that we are all arguing and calling the president a traitor.  This plays into Russia’s hands. 

Sure, he is a bumbling idiot.  He isn’t a traitor and he isn’t a Nazi.  

Keep name calling and you are doing what Russia wants.  They want a US civil war and a
Weak America.  
$C: I can guarantee they are already claiming that these are all fake news. If he ever gets caught it will be "because of a huge conspiracy planned by evil libertarian jews."
$C: They are too busy making memes about Hillary 
$C: Yes. I was having a conversation with a chap now who up till today has been insanely hostile to any criticism to Trump, i think the shell is starting to crack now even they cant deny trumps actions anymore.
$C: Fox news did for a moment. I'll call that progress 
$C: Self-declared Republicans had a moment the other day when he basically confessed to treason in front of a worldwide audience. I'm sure his "I meant *wouldn't*" apology today appeased them, though.
$C: I've seen them double down on Trump's statements. They double down that they don't trust the IC, and act like not wanting to be walked over by Putin means we are warmongers looking to start WWIII. They think everything against Trump is faked.
$C: [deleted]
$C: A little bit, it's like when you catch a kid stealing a cookie and they say "but Clinton did it!!!" 

I think they're slowly realizing that their beliefs for the Constitution and their support for Trump doesn't match up. 
$C: Trump supporters that have woken up aren't Trump supporters anymore.
$C: I stopped supporting Trump ages ago, though I don't really know if I supported him at all in the first place or just hated Clinton. In retrospect, Gary Johnson was a far better candidate than either Clinton or Trump.
$C: A ton right around November 2016
$C: Oh they woke up....

And then hopped on reddit and started passing out downvotes on this thread like candy on Halloween.
$C: No they don't trust these sources.  


Until they release actual documented evidence via email or tapes, they won't change views. But given mueller's extensive investigation those supporting evidence will be released in mass for everyone to dissect.  
$C: why should i? were those russians attacking me outside of trump rallies 
$C: Why would they? This BS has been going on for the past 2 years.
$C: So Russia hacked the dems, showed the public their emails as evidence of the corrupt dnc....and...ok? How would this make a trump supporter turn tail and run?
$C: It’s about fucking time 
$C: Go to r/trumpgret. It’s a small beacon of hope that people will eventually come around amidst the chaos.
$C: We have been woke. There is a serious issue with the left and double standards. The left is guilty of all of the same accusations made at the right. The media and hive mind get the sheep right on the bandwagon when they've painted a new target. The left is going to go down in history for their vulgar and violent acts of Neo-McCarthyism.

$C: No, it just reaffirms how convinced I'm that the fake news will do anything to bring Trump down, if Putin is our enemy and Trump is his pupper, I don't really understand the Russian strategy on defeating united states by making united states strong, united and rich.
$C: [removed]
$C: Trump acting like a bitch next to Putin is lol
$C: I thought those agencies are a part of the Deep State? Why are you citing them?
$C: I hate trump and I dont buy into the unproven conspiracy theory that trump is controlled by putin, sorry I guess that makes me a russian bot or something 
$C: It's not enough because this article contains no actual proof.

Before you start downvoting me into oblivion, I am not a Trump supporter. I do, however, like to see accusations backed by evidence. If you ACTUALLY read the article, then there is no evidence or whatsoever that suggests that this is true. 

Stop reading headlines, criticize your sources and make actual cases against him.
$C: You can't fix stupid. 
$C: Nope... Damn those 'fools' and their refusal to believe what this obviously partisan and often lying blog-type kid of a magazine has written! AAARGH! When will they be smart enough to realize that everything that is said on the internet is TRUE!?!?!??

Damn orange drumpf-supporters!
$C: He's done nothing impeachable. Accusations are just talk, we'd need to see hard proof.

$C: You're not going to get the nuance this question deserves here, but to highlight a couple of things:

1. The standard of evidence for something like this needs to be bullet proof.  There cannot be ANY doubt about any of this.  Let me be very clear here in that if there is, and trump is removed, you will see both political parties consider similar attacks from now on.  Even if he did absolutely every single thing he's been accused of in the worst possible light (absolute malice rather than idiocy) they need to be able to very conclusively prove it. 

2. The main method for removing a President from office is impeachment, which will require the senate/house to be involved.  It's hard to tell where the republicans will fall on this, and depends very much on the evidence brought (sadly in some ways), so bringing everything to light and moving forward now could lead to the impeachment failing.  

This would be, again depending on the level of evidence, very very bad.  Not just the whole "oh he's still in power and we showed he's super guilty thing" but the unanswered "well what now" question that faces the country, because while unlikely you'll start to see paths to violence, and that leads no where well

In short, as much as everyone here might like him gone tomorrow, the people who actually do this shit as their job want to 1. make sure they do it beyond ANY shadow of a doubt and 2. make sure that there's a country worth being in after tomorrow. The things that trump does can mostly be undone (although not overnight for sure), while jumping the gun and screwing the process could lead to 9/11 level changes for the country, and not for the better.
$C: Well, he hasn't done anything objectively wrong so far.  He's acted in bad faith sure...but he hasn't done anything considered impeachable.
$C: Because he didn't break the law, he was given a " **highly classified intelligence** " meaning even if he wanted to he couldn't tell the american public. He sure as hell didn't want Russia to know. If you have a source close to Putin or a way to gather intel from high ranking members of their military, last thing you want to do is give that up, even if its playing dumb about the whole thing in front of everyone. NYT shouldn't have published this article.
$C: Because the only evidence for doing it is a couple of articles from crying activists that call themselves "journalist". Not really... Full proof. Quite fool proof though.
$C: >What's stopping people from doing this?

because there is nothing wrong. Foreign countries have donated millions of more dollars directly to previous presidential candidates than Trump ever received, which makes these claims laughable at best.

The media is whipping the populace into a frenzy over nothing that is actually against the law.
$C: Any Republican who dares cross Trump faces the wrath of his cult. His cult comprises 90% of the Republican Party. If you are a Republican and you cross Trump in any meaningful way, your career in politics is instantly over. Dissent and free/independent thought is not tolerated in the cult: only blind praise of Dear Leader.

And those Republicans who are held in thrall to Trump's cult have all the power right now.

That's why.

The only answer is to elect Democrats en masse. Unfortunately, gerrymandering and a bad Senate map has made this incredibly difficult, even when 55% of the country wants it. Disinformation campaigns, both-sides-ism, and infighting/purity tests/endlessly re-litigating 2016 will make it even more difficult.

EDIT: [Here’s the Trump cult in glorious action:](https://www.politico.com/story/2018/07/19/republicans-women-trump-midterms-731615)

>For the past 20 months, four-term Republican Rep. Martha Roby has had to grovel to President Donald Trump to regain her political standing and beat back a primary challenge in her staunchly conservative Alabama district.

>Her crime? Standing up for women.

>“I cannot look my children in the eye … and justify a vote for a man who promotes and boasts about sexually assaulting women,” the mother of two said in the fall of 2016.

>Needless to say, her constituents — many of them Trump-loving Southern men — didn’t like that much. Roby quickly changed her tune after Trump won the presidency, unfailingly praising him and his policies as she went on to survive a primary runoff Tuesday that almost ended her career.
$C: He has not broke any laws thus committed no impeachable offense.
$C: Because the things you see on Reddit are blown out of proportion by both hardcore anti-Trump, some stretching of the truth and a little bit of bot play. Someone has coordinated the 44x gold on this post to make it seem this is a big event, when actually it’s old news 
$C: Republicans hold both houses of congress and trump rubber stamps everything they tell him to.
$C: Congress, unfortunately. A GOP-controlled that is sucking up and rolling over to Trump.
$C: We need Republicans on board
$C: A sizable portion of the country loves him.  Much more so than that love his party.  And that party controls every branch of government.

This creates a problem where Republicans (Trump's party) can't go against him, or they will lose their bid for reelection.  Democrats (the opposing party) have no power to actually stop Trump in any meaningful way.  So Trump can pretty much do whatever he wants until 2018.  So essentially, the concept of checks and balances has been done away with, and there is nothing *technically* stopping people from seeking to remove Trump - the fact is that a lot of Americans love what he's doing.  
$C: "Mr President, Russia is buying facebook ads to make Americans argue with eachother and pick sides/hate the other side"

If you were the President, would that be enough to make you quit your job? 
$C: I'm not American, and I don't know much about the man, but I'm pretty sure I'm not the only one who doesn't like Pence. 
I don't like Trump either, just to be clear...
$C: What reason would you base kicking him out on?
$C: The real answer is lack of evidence. Just look at the Peter Strzok testimony if you want real proof of corruption.
$C: In short because we can't. Reddit or the media presents Trump we actually have nothing, as far as we plebs know that as being like one step away  from it we  have nothing that would actually get him impeached and removed.

America simply doesn't have the proof or the investigation can't get it all on lock.
$C: Because knowing the Russians made efforts to sway the election is two-year-old news that the President has mentioned many times. It’s not evidence of collusion. It’s just repeating the same thing over and over again expecting tomorrow people will see things the was delusional people are seeing it. 
$C: Because there’s no concrete evidence idiot lululul gg no re
$C: [removed]
$C: ask the republicans. democrats want to do stuff but until the republicans get onboard we cant do anything.
$C: Because Trump isn't the only one compromised and the Republican population loves spite more than their own country.
$C: We are back in medieval times and Trump is King and it's dangerous to speak against him.
$C: Nothing can be done about it through official channels because the Republicans hold all the cards regarding his removal from office. The problem is nobody (except Mueller and his team) know how many Republicans in Congress are complicit and how many are just towing the company line in order to remain appealing to their base. Also Trump's removal and/or arrest is stopgapped by a whole mess of legal and constitutional issues that we currently don't have a precedent for which would ultimately require the courts to step in and rule on. The problem there being that SCOTUS may be compromised as well.    
$C: Republicans that cross him will likely lose there next party primary.
$C: "People" are not the ones to set that in motion. The representatives that can aren't doing anything because they're putting their re election and their party over the well being of their country. 
$C: Honestly I have no clue, and no one else really does either. I wouldn't blame anyone in congress as it's not their job to investigate, and I doubt any of the members would have even seen these classified documents. 

If I would have to guess it's because the Mueller probe isn't finished yet, so there's not really any hard evidence and the story is still being put together.
$C: [deleted]
$C: We will see what happens
$C: The problem is that the people most likely to riot are armed to the teeth with assault rifles not pitchforks and they are going to riot on behalf of Trump not against him.
$C: I don't think they're ok with it.
$C: We’re not okay with it. More than half of the voters chose someone else, but our electoral system is broken and majority does not rule. We’re stuck and praying that the upcoming election will be fair and free enough for us to start to make some changes in leadership. Unfortunately, everything is against us including big corporate money in elections, gerrymandering, voter suppression, peoples fingers on the scales, a President who doesn’t want to take action to protect the vote and elections, and the need for many millions of dollars to run even a basic campaign. 
$C: Playing Fortnite...
$C: After you.
$C: The gun nuts are some the ones brainwashed by all this. The NRA is involved in this just as much as Trump. 
$C: The ones with the guns love him tho 😂
$C: propaganda 
$C: Because the Republican party is in power and they do not care what they do to get power, only that they get it and keep it.

That, and they're probably complicit in the first place.
$C: Because millions of retards went to the polls to vote red because they don’t like brown people. 
$C: This CANNOT be happening right now. Is this fucking censorship?* If so, someone please tell me where I can protest tomorrow. Seriously Reddit, point me in the right direction please!

Edit: because if it really is, then WTF
$C: Today's top is not total votes but rather the current fastest moving posts.
$C: And yet the country is doing great, and the world is a lot more peaceful than before... How strange...

Have you ever wondered that if everything around you looks good, but your brain tells you the world is on fire... It might be you seeing things that aren't there?
$C: But the deep state swamp is out to get him and all good God fearing, gun toting Americans! /s
$C: Brainwashing on a massive scale..... Thanks Fox News and the rest of the right wing media.
$C: Racism. 
$C: Russia is not our enemy and the cold war has been over for decades at this point. 
$C: >they’re too dumb to realize Trump is a puppet for one of our most powerful foreign enemy. How can you claim to be such an American patriot when your President attacks the nations government service members and sides with a foreign enemy? There no logic. That’s just plain stupidity and ignorance. The guy has been a con man his entire life.  
>  
>Reply

Trump is a puppet? Is that what the media makes you think? Accusations, no real evidence. Please show me real evidence, not another accusation, (An accusation is something that someone said accusing someone of something with no real evidence) 
$C: You blind hate supports trump more then your single vote ever could.
$C: I think the Trump cult is made up of a lot of people who can’t admit when they’re wrong or have made a mistake. Seems to be the only explanation. Either that or they really are so mentally fucked that they keep supporting a lot who betrayed the country in national TV. I guess you can only be a criminal if you’re a democrat. Even if Trump is found guilty and impeached, those morons will say he was framed and write conspiracy theory books. It really is a level of ignorance and stupidity that I can’t imagine being on. 
$C: everyone who supported him at all is a fucking moron, I dont see how this changes anything
$C: [removed]
$C: Yes. That will make someone change their mind. Insulting someone is the number 1 way to make someone change yes?
$C: We need a revolution to overthrow this government and start a new one with representation of population. Someone start one, and a lot of us will join.
$C: > Seriously, you lost.

LOL no, we literally won! You lost, though.
$C: [deleted]
$C: He is still the prez and that ain't gonna change. MAGA.
$C: I think we won but I'm not sure. Too bad the DNC can't fix every election. MAGA
$C: Trump thanks you for your support.
$C: No, you lost I'm afraid. Are you that deluded you really think Trump supporters have lost?
$C: A vote for third party is a vote for the winner. 
$C: The alternative was Hillary Clinton.....a true criminal 
$C: Looking for this?

[Inside story: How Russians hacked the Democrats’ emails](https://www.apnews.com/dea73efc01594839957c3c9a6c962b8a)
$C: lol
$C: >we can take furthermore action

English, if you don't mind
$C: [deleted]
$C: [deleted]
$C: .. That sounds a little racist. You should probably be pretty glad you didn't dislike Obama, that could've ended bad.
$C: Trump thanks you for your support.
$C: You already know they will.
$C: Anyone wanna explain how being briefed by the intelligence community is proof of collusion?
$C: Yeah millions of us.
$C: I do. Come at me.

Edit: Only 120 Downvotes? Ain't that some low energy shit!
$C: yes
$C: There were rumblings of a new orchestrated effort to "win" social media. We might be seeing it here. 

Funny how they shot their wad and made it look more fake than ever in round one. 
$C: Because it's a paid, concerted effort to push anti-Trump news to the front page. 

Any normal Redditor that browses this site every day can see this post and immediately identify that it's not organic in any sense of the word. 
$C: And they're set to do it again.
$C: How?
$C: The point is to get people all lathered up about nothing so they might go out and vote for the opposition party.
$C: Nope. Nothing will change. Nothing will be done. Any attempt by the people to make change will be met by force. No amount of outrage will change a god damned thing. The Constitution of the United States is no longer worth the parchment it’s written on. Welcome to America. Does the wall between the US and Mexico only go one way!? 
$C: If you’re so confused you should do some research.
$C: Every one gets me more excited than the last. 
$C: Nothing will stop him. Nothing.
$C: As much as I hope you're wrong, I also thought him running for president was a joke. Now look at us. 
$C: A horribly damning story about Trump comes out and you think he will get re-elected? Do you embrace cognitive dissonance?
$C: For federal crimes. The rocks that Mueller has kicked over means state crimes up the wazoo.
$C: 25!
$C: And down from 91% to 80% in about 30 minutes 
$C: Because despite the mass hysteria, when it comes down to it, there is not any actual evidence that he did anything to warrant impeachment. They wouldn’t have the votes. Regardless of what you think of the GOP, I honestly believe that if they were presented with actionable intel that suggested DJT had direct knowledge of and involvement in a conspiracy to alter the election results, they’d back impeachment proceedings out of self preservation.

Is he a jackass? Sure. Is he egomaniacal? Yup. But that’s not enough. Barack Obama is also an egomaniac. As is Hillary Clinton, and Ted Cruz, Not to mention **every goddamn politician ever**. Being an egomaniacal jackass isn’t enough to get a president impeached.
$C: Far, far worse.
$C: Moving towards or already there?

Fuck man I'm even part of the problem. I just say well this fucking is pathetic and go about my day. Fuckin adulting. 
$C: Republicans are complicit with treason. In fact they encourage it at this point. 
$C: Everyone who knew for sure and who was not guilty in the treason had sworn an oath to keep US intelligence secrets with them to the grave with the exception of only informing the president and congress intelligence committee who could only reclassify information with the say so of the president of the United States or the approval of congress intelligence committee. Never in their wildest dreams had they imagined a scenario where they would have to leak information and betray their oath because the President wasn't doing his/her job and lowering code word clearances so that the congress and intelligence agencies could do their job and secure the nation.
$C: No, I saw one with 50+ the other day.
$C: That action would need to be started in the House of Representatives, and they’re feckless cowards who have indicated that they’re complicit.
$C: He can be subpoenaed but whether or not he has to respond to that subpoena is a contentious legal point in the US. It's never come to that before so we're in uncharted waters. Clinton sat for a deposition, Nixon resigned before it came to that. If Mueller subpoena's Trump he will likely fight it and the case would likely reach the Supreme Court. Of course Trump has already appointed one Justice who will side with him and he's in the process of attempting to appoint another which would tip the scales in favor of him. Needless to say it's a fucking shit show....
$C: There's no vote of no confidence like in European parliamentary systems. Trump would need to be formally accused of a crime by the legislature. Then our legislature would essentialy hold a trial and he would be kicked out if found guilty. However, the legislature is controlled by the same party as Trump and is very partisan, so that is unlikely to happen. Also, the vice president would take over if Trump was removed from office. He is an extreme Christian conservative, so would also be trouble as president.
$C: Congress could get rid of him. But they aren't inclined to do that currently because the majority of the current Congress are members of the same political party as Trump. Some are sticking with him because they are complicit and have done illegal things. Some of them are loyal to the party. Some are retiring and don't give a shit. Some are dumb. Some are afraid of him. Some don't want to upset their constituents. 
$C: > Is there no way you can just depose Trump as president

Yes, but only if you have enough support in congress, which Republicans currently control. Unfortunately they've made a deal with Trump that they will ignore any and all wrongdoing by him as long as he keeps appointing federal judges that they want, and keeps signing the new bills they put on his desk. If he is useful and voters support him, they will do absolutely nothing to stop him. 
$C: I'm American. I also feel like I have no power. We don't even have a direct democratic election for President. Trump lost the popular vote and still won the election.

All I can say is, Trudeau needs to partner up with England and the EU, England needs to give up on Brexit, and the remaining western democracies are going to need to set the example and bear more of the burden for a while.
$C: I'm Canadian, too, and it's highly unfortunate that we have a monarch, of which power is inherited, not earned. It's not even Canadian!
$C: something something DEEP STATE RUNS EVERYTHING, BUY MY MAN-BOOSTING PILLS. 

Sorry. I can't do nonsensical rants. 
$C: I'd take a baked potato over Trump at this point. 
$C: Pence was brought on by Manafort, he would be given his papers as well. 
$C: Yes.  Which in this day and age is likely synonymous for "is this how worlds end?"
$C: Could be.... The future of the world order seems like it's at stake. Unfortunately many very stupid fucking Americans think that's a good thing.
$C: Trump will either get away with this completely or be dragged out into the street and killed. There is no middle ground anymore. The institutions we have in place for this have failed, the largest media outlets are propaganda feeds, and a majority of our elected officials are corrupt. Trump will never go to jail because the people responsible for making that happen are compromised. 
$C: People have been in Lafayette Park 3 nights in a row protesting.
$C: this is far bigger that Watergate. Its magnitude won't be appreciated by the masses until all of the indictments have been handed down.
$C: The state Supreme Court nuked that shit from orbit.

http://amp.timeinc.net/time/5342543/california-supreme-court-blocks-proposition-split-state
$C: They do comment (this story broke pretty late over here) they just tend to get buried by bigger stories...especially these days
$C: They have.
$C: Oh, they do but very few people hear. The same thing is starting to happen in much of Europe. Americans only have access to the opinions of people who agree with them. This is how a lot of the corporations (Facebook, News Ltd, etc) have designed it. They have very few of the big community stations that you see in Europe (even though they have two big agencies like Agence France-Presse). What they do have keeps having its money taken away because 50% of the audience is inconvenienced by unbiased facts, so they complain to the government. The Republican Party (who are in power now) has fought quite hard to advance the corporate media and get rid of the more fair organisations like PBS AND NPR.
$C: Become new world power by controlling the former one. Use their influence to benefit their own economy, military, propaganda etc. 
$C: Yeah but what are we going to do about it? Go out and shoot cops? Siege military bases?
$C: Frankly the 2nd amendment can't actually be used for that.  If only because the majority of its supporters are just wannabe fascists in complete support of government tyranny - as long as it is their tyranny.
$C: Actually tons of comments in this thread. 
$C: Because before you bring a case it has to be thoroughly investigated. Witnesses have to be secured and all threads collected. That is what Mueller is doing. This is an enormous case and will hence take significant time. They have to be certain they do it right so it sticks and there is no doubt. They can’t have half the country riot because they don’t believe the evidence.

Trump supports are armed to the teeth and brain washed. If the evidence is not crystal clear and he is removed by force, you could create a very dangerous situation.
$C: > Tired of the rhetoric that "this is the one" 

Who’s saying this??
$C: And he's been gaslighting us about it. 
$C: I’m no trump supporter. But open your eyes. All of our Hollywood movies should teach you a thing or two about fbi, cia and our justice system.
$C: It'll be worth it in the end if the US survives this disaster.
$C: Donald trump’s AMA has 115 so not yet. 
$C: let them scream, how long we going to let a small group run and ruin things
$C: So dramatic.
$C: It’s probably the crimes Trump committed.
$C: Look. Hillary had every chance to win. 

By all rights even with the hacking and subsequent damning information that came out, she still probably should have. 

A coordinated effort to expose dirty democrat laundry and not GOP is absolutely meddling. Still doesn't negate the fact that whatever amount of information uncovered that was factual killed the democrat campaign. 

Sidelining Sanders killed the millennial vote. The unsecured private server (among other things) motivated the republican base. 

All this while Trump was doing everything he could to lose the election. 

Does russia need to be held accountable? Absolutely. 

Was Hillary losing the election Russia's fault? No fucking way. 


$C: American living in Australia. I have to say, I'm pretty worried about Australian politics too. There are a LOT of parallels between the current Liberal party and the Republican party in the lead-up to Trump. There's potential for the same sort of leader to emerge here. Just look at the state of Australia right now: pushing coal, eroding unions and workplace compensation, de-funding science and social programs. Plus, there's the Chinese government spending literal billions to influence and subvert politicians of all stripes. Murdoch media taking over news sources, with the ABC being sold off.  


Thankfully everyone is required to vote, but things are in much worse shape in Australia than most here want to admit.
$C: Basically 12 people that were either there or had the clearance to be briefed have said that Trump was told by top intelligence officials before he was inaugurated that Russia, including Putin personally had interfered with the election. The rest of the article is quotes from various intelligence officials talking about how Russia has also attacked our electric grid and are still spreading disinformation and interfering in upcoming elections. And it also talks about how Trump has many times put down the intelligence officials and then taken it back and back and forth while sticking up for Putin. 
$C: Yikes
$C: TAKE TO THE STREETS. DEMAND IMPEACHMENT. CANVAS. GO OUT AND MAKE A SIGN AND HOLD IT UP. 
$C: Where are you getting that?
$C: The investigation has not concluded whether their efforts were successful or not. Common sense says it was a really close race and they put a lot of money and effort into it so chances are it may have, but that has not been determined. 

As far as impeachment, we will see how the GOP Congress goes down in history. I'm sure this will get people to phone and email their representatives though . I hope. 
$C: You're supposed to go out in the streets and do something about it, not wait for something to happen. Otherwise you deserve everything that's happening
$C: I see that stated multiple times every day in every article. Not much else seems to happen besides news-breaking headlines that stop
generating talk within several days.

Sure, it’s fun to watch but I don’t think we’re in a cliffhanger at this point, the drama may continue for several seasons as long as it still generates enough talk. 

Probably nothing really groundbreaking will happen for the next few weeks/months
$C: And what could actually be done at that point about fake accounts? Enlighten us.
$C: In edge you can put read: in front of any URL and it will bypass all pay walls. That's what I use. 
$C: generally president elects are briefed before being sworn in so they can "hit the road running".
$C: Yes they are given the option to receive the Daily Intelligence Brief. 
$C: > why are there no grounds for Mueller to take further action?

Why do you have three purple appendages hanging off your side?  Your question is based on a weak assumption.

Instead you should back up and ask why hasn't Mueller done more yet.  This question is debated constantly.  The rough consensus seems to be:

* This investigation is sprawling.  The more they find, the more that they have to keep looking.
* These are professionals.  They are being very careful to do a thorough job, leaving no stone unturned, to build rock solid cases.

Some have the opinion he may be waiting to time things appropriately, politically.  I do not share this belief.  This investigation is much, much larger than Watergate or Whitewater and actually is moving at lightning speed in comparison.

We need to be patient.

Lastly, however, impeachment is almost entirely a political affair.  It is the right of the leader to choose how to make use of the information or assessments of the subordinates.  Choosing to ignore this may not be a crime in and of itself.  Deciding that his pet rock Henry or his magic 8-ball is a more reliable source is his privilege.  If Trump's boss doesn't like that, the solution isn't jail - it's termination.  Trump's boss would have to fire him.  That process is Impeachment and Removal.

The **REAL** question you should be asking isn't what Mueller isn't doing.  But why **CONGRESS** isn't doing anything.
$C: Not for the reason you think.
$C: All he has to do to stay in office is nothing. It's mathematically impossible for the Democrats to gain enough seats in the Senate to remove him without GOP votes, and the Senate GOP has shown themselves to have no line.
$C: He said that Montenegro could lead us into WW III 
$C: There are many levels of security clearance and secrecy classifications. It's really easy to find answers to these very basic questions, it's called google. 

[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Classified\_information\_in\_the\_United\_States](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Classified_information_in_the_United_States)
$C: What do you suggest?
$C: Nowhere near.
$C: People don't have to trust him. There just need to be the image that people trust him.
$C: comes down to: 1) those who listen and spew FAKE NEWS, and 2) those who use critical thinking skills and do their own research and draw informed conclusions.  


The world is rejecting Liberalism in droves, and in time it'll go the way of socialism as a failed social experiment. I wonder if they are all Russian bots too? Or Italian? Or European? or American?
$C: Requires a simple majority in the House of Reps. House of Reps currently controlled by the Republicans. Impeachment won't happen until that changes, for a variety of reasons.
$C: There’s a comment with 2265 golds (9,000 fucking dollars). 
$C: Go to r/The_Donald and sort by all time top.
$C: 2265 is the record. 
$C: It's also paywalled which should have sunk it from the start in favor of a non-paywall article
$C: [removed]
$C: Maybe not Russians, but not a bad guess. It’s amazing to me how many do not see both sides being obviously played with disinformation and bot networks. Both Russia and China have huge incentives for instability in the US. And losing an election has left so many vulnerable and upset and that fact is being exploited undeniably. 

*Digging in a bit. At least one of these is a spam account:  
https://www.reddit.com/user/tacklebox

Another one:  
https://www.reddit.com/user/PoppinKREAM
$C: Like Hillary Clinton? LMAO
$C: They could be sleeping
$C: Years of Concentrated propaganda from FoxNews and right wing radio can make obedient human drones.
$C: Trump is a Russian puppet, what are you going on about?
$C: What do you mean a mostly Republican FBI? The FBI director at the time constantly advocated a separation between political interests and investigative services and Trump ultimately fired the guy because he wasn’t willing to turn a blind eye towards Russian interference upon Trump’s REQUEST.

I’m not saying that publicly reopening the investigation didn’t effect the election at all, surely it did, but it was either that or secretly reopen a case that U.S. citizens had already been told was a done deal. 

Honestly the 2016 election was just a complete shit-show, my real criticism is that the United States can’t afford better candidates for its people, somebody the majority actually WANTS to elect. 
$C: > I'm not american so i hope somebody can enlighten me on this. Say Russians did misinform the public about who to vote for in the 2016 elections, ultimately the american voters just voted in someone based on misinformation right? How is this any different than if americans on their own misinform the general public?

This is by far the worst re-telling of the prominent talking point I’ve seen so far.
$C: > It is too late for elected representatives to fix things. 

Nope. Vote Democrat in November.
$C: You’re absolutely right.  Whether you like Trump or not, these articles keep hiding who everyone should really be mad at.  They dismiss the emails that were leaked because “the RNC must be doing the same thing”?  There’s no proof of them legitimately stealing the race from a candidate.  Trump isn’t being consistent enough and I don’t think he’s capable of it as he was never a politician. I don’t love him and I don’t hate him. That being said, I’m sure I’ll be downvoted simply for not being 100% against him and in favor of impeachment.

The left abused middle Americans and called everyone in fly over states unimportant, deplorables, etc. and the identity politics they used pushed those sitting on the fence to Trumps side.  He won the election. Just get over it and stop fishing for bullshit and use your vote in 2020. 

By the way thanks for being one of the only reasonable people in this thread. 
$C: I am mad at Trump, for knowing Putin personally interfered with our democracy, that  Russia hacked our energy grid, and continuing to be BFFs with him and impede the Russia investigation. 
$C: Some declassified reports prepared by the intelligence agencies (FBI, CIA, NSA) and submitted to the senate are available online. I can’t link, but they’re there. I’m with you - I’m past the point of talk - we need to get down to verified/verifiable evidence. There’s been too much talk by all sides.
$C: Here you go.

[Inside story: How Russians hacked the Democrats’ emails](https://www.apnews.com/dea73efc01594839957c3c9a6c962b8a)
$C: No evidence, except for multiple indictments and guilty pleas. 
$C: Thanks guys I'll try to read through these things in a bit
$C: that’s when it seemed like Hillary would win, probably after the pussy grabbing comments 
$C: What about what about what about
$C: So sick
$C: Shit can get
$C: We are going to drain the fucking swamp. It wasn't an empty promise. It wasn't a catch phrase like YES WE CAN. The house of cards in DC is going to collapse and be exposed. The truth always comes out. The DC elite are shitting in their pants as to what Putin has passed on to President Trump. This is why they tried to bloke the meeting in the first place. I know it's hard to believe but all of you progressive socialists have been out alinskied and are about to see yourselves for the first time. 
$C: Amazing what you can do when everyone at the top is complicit with treason.
$C: They know they're fading out of power. They had two options: evolve the party and change or double down and cheat and brute force the system into favoring their ideals. 

Apparently when russia offered #2, they jumped at the chance. 
$C: There’s one of a guy eating a bulls dick with 95 gold.
$C: The person has probably been dead for a while which is why they were allowed to post the story.
$C: Pence would be ineffectual and tarnished. I’d take that over this any day. 
$C: His approval rating is like half a point less than Obama's in his 2nd year.
$C: Yes.  They live in an entirely different world where the investigation into Trump is actually a secret investigation into Clinton and everyone they consider an enemy is going to be arrested any day now.

No.  I did not make that up.
$C: > t's true then, what I heard, that Putin had to have medical treatment on Monday because the effort - of holding in the roars of laughter that were rippling through his being like an earthquake ripples a black-top highway - had almost killed him?

LMAO 
$C: Every country meddles in elections. Welcome to adulthood. 
$C: Apparently we are defining treason as a aiding and abetting wartime yada yaddas. If we include digital attacks in the definition of warish acts then I guess we can call it that. Personally I do, but I'm not military and I don't have a JD. 
$C: DEW IT!
$C: Nope
$C: It's because we are divided into so many groups..... I've lost count. 
$C: Yup
$C: After the fact
$C: No it was actually explained to him in person at Trump Tower. He knew. 
$C: You can, but they won't listen. A few thousand violent people protesting outside their house might work.
$C: Sounds like something the Russians would say...
$C: The perfect nickname. Treasonous Trump, with a poorly fitting, slightly too small, witch costume. 
$C: If you think Trump is bad I can only imagine what you would of thought of Killary.
$C: Here.

https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/2017/world/national-security/obama-putin-election-hacking/?utm_term=.082e38ba0635
$C: Obama knew and told Putin explicitly to back off. But Obama had his hands tied, because if he had publicly announce that Russia was meddling to sway the election in favor of Trump he could be accused of deliberately undermining Trump to make Hillary win.

Since he was certain Hillary would win, he would not taint her victory by announcing this. Much the same reason Comey opened the email investigation against Hillary days before election.

Ironically both Comey and Obama’s certainty Hillary would win ended up undermining her and giving a huge boost to Trump.
$C: https://www.npr.org/2018/07/15/629281975/fact-check-did-the-obama-administration-respond-to-election-interference-by-russ
$C: We don't have a whole lot of information here. Obama certainly knew what was told to Trump and probably personally approved the release of that information. He probably didn't reveal the information to the general public due to it being an ongoing investigating.

It seems they did not have evidence of collision, so Trump would have looked like an unwitting benefactor of Russian meddling. 
$C: They indicted a chick that was working with nra and other conservative groups, she slept with a Republican law maker for access. She met with Con Jr, she set up back channels. That’s just the latest, mueller is gonna drop more indictments soon. 

$C: It's basically proof that trump has been lying to the entire nation for two years for his own personal interest. It's also potential grounds to get him impeached. It is quite the gem.
$C: Probably not, no.
$C: You do a good impersonation of a dumb person.
$C: That alt-right infested shit hole? The bots work extra time over there
$C: They don't allow political news, so it's not surprising it's not there.
$C: Weak
$C: You believe the media too much.

A. The ballot box hasn't failed

B. Nobody wants to repeal 2a
$C: No mental defense is stronger than for those who simply *can't* admit they made a mistake. 

Particularly when they've spent the last 2 years reassuring themselves it wasn't a mistake.
$C: Vote for people that will as legislators do something about it.
$C: Get all them AR15’s you need out? 
$C: What is he doing to 'protect' the elections going forward? It calls into question the midterms, and the next presidential election. I want to vote early absentee, but did so last time too. 
$C: Did you bother trying to read it? The NYT article isn’t behind a paywall.
$C: Here is the declassified version, "Assessing Russian Activities and Intentions in Recent US Elections": https://www.dni.gov/files/documents/ICA_2017_01.pdf
$C: Like when Bush believed these same intelligence agencies who told him Saddam Hussein had WMD? One million deaths. 
$C: Yes you can start a war based on "some indication".  

But anyway, you are setting up a common strawman used by traitors... it's either get along (and appease) or it's war.  

Ronald Regan was a Republican and I hated him.  But, uh, he didn't appease and we didn't go to war.  
$C: Your self-referential comment is paid propaganda?  Don’t worry, we know.
$C: Simple question; did or didn't Russia meddle in your election?
$C: No, your comment is propaganda.
$C: I am the Republicans
$C: Russians supposedly hacked the email servers exposing how the DNC themselves literally fucking rigged it against Berney, and exposed so many of Hillary Clintons lies I can't even name them off the top of my head. But apparently if I cheat on the girlfriend and she finds out I was by looking through my phone it's not about me cheating it's about why she was looking through the text now.

I could see why Trump would want to deny it but he this was 2 weeks before the inauguration what the fuck was he supposed to do?
$C: This is what's happening. 
$C: Because incoming presidents are always briefed as if they’re the president. One doesn’t simply start the roll one day with zero information. 
$C: Stop thinking. That leads to wrong-think. Simply look at 73x gilding and marvel in how accurate that must mean. 73x gilded credibility. Unheard of. /s

This sub is a joke. Reddit, possibly, has become completely unusable.
$C: Dont be discouraged by the downvotes, the American general public are idiots.
$C: I don't know. Maybe he was victim of racism again. They'll cook something up.

Weird thing is.. I hink the flat earth stuff is filled with reality denial, but at least it's sort of funny and non-threatening.

This Russia stuff is just flat out scary. And so many believe it just on the basis of some blog. That sort of confirmation bias must be classified as a sickness.
$C: The current talking point is "WHY DIDNT OBAMA DO ANYTHING" Despite him kicking out a bunch of diplomats and enacting sanctions...
$C: Step 1: watch news that doesn't report these things 
$C: [removed]
$C: This isn't shocking news, countries are always interfering with each other's elections, America has been doing this for decades to other countries.

Did Russia actually hack ballot boxes? Seems like they merely posted shit to facebook and twitter, they also posted things that were anti-Trump. Somehow those posts were enough to overcome Hillary's billion dollar campaign?

There's a lot of evidence that the Clinton Foundation was being used to take money from foreign countries but the media ignores that.

Trump is anti-establishment and threatens the swamp rats so the establishment is doing anything they can to take him down.

[Obama cyber chief confirms 'stand down' order against Russian cyberattacks in summer 2016](https://www.yahoo.com/news/obama-cyber-chief-confirms-stand-order-russian-cyberattacks-summer-2016-204935758.html](https://www.yahoo.com/news/obama-cyber-chief-confirms-stand-order-russian-cyberattacks-summer-2016-204935758.html)


I'll take my 200 downvotes now.

$C: Yep.

"What about the emails?"

"I doubt it"

" Why didn't Obama do anything?!"


$C: I've been trying to call them out where I can, haha. 
$C: > Didn't the intelligence agencies lie to George W. Bush about Iraq?

No.

The Bush administration lied about the content of the intelligence they received.  In this sense, Trump and Bush are similar.


$C: Other countries have also confirmed it...
$C: We all knew this shit, at least us sane ones. Now we’re just getting enough evidence to convince our flag waving ball and chain.
$C: Be more specific about your origin so we can poke back at your country. Every country in the world is full of lies, deceit, truth, good, bad, and evil. Fortunately there is a proper justice system in the USA so if he is in fact guilty of treason then he will be impeached. If what he did (or didn't do) is blown out of proportion (as many news sources like to do), then he will remain in office. 
$C: People are ignorant and believe they are entitled to their own facts rather than opinions. Trump has gotten to a point where his fake nationalism and talking points have convinced other Americans that he is the second coming of Reagan. People in our country love to pick and choose evidence to support their beliefs, so as long as Fox News stand behind him it's just going to end up with the same minority believing in Trump's narrative. Also remember that the reason Hillary lost wasn't because we wanted him, Hillary won the popular vote, he just won the electoral college. It's not surprising that swing States like PA went his way when people's livelihood were crushed when steel left, and the mines shut down. His false promises are what won him his spot, and his lies are what's keeping him there.
$C: We've made ourselves a laughing stock, thank you very much
$C: Not all of us are. I've been saying this since he announced he was running. He's a conman. He's nowhere near as wealthy as people believe and just a shitty human in general. Did I know exactly what shit thing he was going to do to us? No, in fact I've been off work for surgery the last 2 months, so I've really just got caught up on everything. I've read for almost 2 months straight. Lol
$C: Don't forget you're on reddit, so all you get is a liberal propaganda echo chamber.
$C: Show the mirror and they'll downvote you.
$C: And the center of technological innovation is still America and not located in Europe 
$C: If Europe truly believes that Putin is the monster you claim him to be then.

* Why buy oil, natural gas and coal from his nation?
* Why are you so eager to setup new pipeline deals?
* Why did it take Obama's heavy hand on Europe to kill exports of military equipment and partnerships after the Crimea and eastern Ukraine was invaded by "mercenaries"?

All of these activities prop up his regime and make Russia stronger. Could it be that the EU officials are full of shit?
$C: Where are you from?
$C: Europeans can’t have opinions. 
$C: Americans were against his presidency before any of you self entitled Europeans 
$C: Keep spilling your garbage. For better or for worse, us deplorable, racist, nationalist, anti-vaxxin, non-genital mutilating, non-baby murdering, pro-free speech, Nazi/Communist/Democratic Socialist hating, freedom loving, capitalist, individualist, Americans... run this country now.  
$C: We have the best tech sector, the best universities, and the best military in the world. We can destroy your pussy ass nation any time we want, bitch.
$C: <I mean I'm European>

Which makes the rest of your statement irrelevant 
$C: They totally deserve him. And if he doesn't get impeached in his first term, they will vote him in again. Because the USA never admits to mistakes.
$C: How’s that refugee crisis going for you, Europe?
$C: Yea this is one of the clearest manipulations of the reddit users I've ever seen. 2 hours after it's posted, it had 74 gold. Now, 22 hours since it's  posting, it has 75. Like can it be more clear than this lmao
$C: The NY TIMES is a source. 
$C: TDS might be incurable for some. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: Keep trying sweetie. Your desperation fuels us. 
$C: This is actually a theory that makes somewhat sense, but it is missing some nuance.

Look at the universities. You have "liberal" professors inciting and teaching their students to become activists based on their new "intersectional" faith, and the most progressive kinds of unis are the ones that educate the journalists and other influensers. 

Meanwhile, the divide has been growing for long. Reps vs Dem professors is just off the charts (30-40 to 1) and it has fostered a hostile environment in every area it takes over.

Check out Jonathan Haidt, he has a lot of interesting talks on the political divide, and it has been going on for LONG. It just culminated now, because people are sick and tired of the shit that has been going on.
$C: Shhhhhh don't say anything that makes sense, reddit is too busy circle jerking.
$C: we aren't seeing the information, only reports that it exists and was shown to DJT. We aren't being shown the text messages and emails, nor are we being given the names of the Russian generals involved in the attack on our democracy. In an ideal world, no, even this type of information would not leak but look at what we're dealing with here, proof that Trump has been lying to cover up and downplay the hostile actions of a foreign adversary just to soothe his ego about his electoral win.
$C: When the executive is a threat to the nation and the legislature is complicit and failing to do its duty, someone has to be brave and let the people know what’s actually happening.  
$C: "compromised".....
$C: They're already blaming Obama lol
$C: * Blame Obama.
* Blame Hillary's emails.
* Trump is still better
* what about what about, heeey, what about what about. 
* This is nothing.
* But it didn't effect the election.
* Sources?
* I don't trust the intelligence community.

So, same shit, based on the incoming new feed for the last couple hours on this thread. 
$C: From what I've seen so far, they are denying it or blaming Obama for not stopping it. 
$C: Sort by 'Controversial' and try not to catch all that cancer floating around
$C: I guess people want to make sure other Americans understand that Trump was told by the intelligence community before he was even inaugurated that they all agree Putin himself interfered with our election. 
$C: Because 44 people thought it deserved gold for probably a number of reasons?
$C: If u find out let me know please, I thought we knew this already. Am I missing something here?
$C: Yeah the president only demonized the intelligence community and lied to the American people for 2 years belittling their findings and casting doubt on their legitimacy to the American people. 
$C: This is the single most powerful article about trump since he announced his presidency. Nobody can deny it: At best he’s a habitual liar, at worst he’s a treasonous piece of shit. 
$C: It died years ago, this is just the smell from the rotting flesh. 
$C: Great idea, but I need money to buy food, and food to not die.
$C: Don't do that.  They are all over this post and I don't have the willpower to handle that whiplash.
$C: No one cares about the emails of a washed up politician when the sitting president is a Russian agent. 

It’s all about priorities. 

Do I care about Clinton’s emails? Yes. 

Is it more important than this news? 

Fuck no. 

Stop screaming trumps talking points and get with the fucking program. Our president is taking the word of a former kgb agent, murderer and madman over the nsa, cia, fbi. 

That’s fucking bonkers. 

There’s clearly a pee tape or worse. 
$C: Maybe you should ask Mitch McConnel that question...

http://www.slate.com/blogs/the_slatest/2016/12/10/mitch_mcconnell_prevented_stronger_action_against_russian_election_meddling.html
$C: Nope. Do some basic Googling on the subject instead of asking loaded questions. 
$C: To Obama it was only a problem after Trump won the election
$C: 🤔🤔🤔
$C: Remember what? Random Facebook headlines? 
$C: If you are not allowed to criticize your president, you are not living in a democracy. Furthermore, Hillary Clinton doing crap does not make Donald Trumps behavior better in any way. Giving some examples of stupid democrats does not make all of them stupid or wrong.

I advise you to think about the things Donald Trump has done and try to judge as objectively as possible.
$C: Da! Fellow Дmerican. Happy Baseballz day, Pleaz Gib Дmerican nucoluer passvord.


$C: The last picture is the most damning and why she will always be the biggest hypocrite on earth. 

P.S. I always feel sorry for Bill in that pic. LOL
$C: http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2018/07/19/trump-was-briefed-about-putins-meddling-role-2-weeks-before-taking-office-report.html
$C: Dude, shut the fuck up.
$C: Shut the fuck up immediately.
$C: It’s actually really amazing here. What you see and hear is an echo chamber of pessimism. The news, celebrities, and folks in the spotlight make it seem like America is burning to the ground. 
$C: It’s what happens when a few people own a lot of the media. 
$C: Says the guy from Europe.  
$C: It's just some small newspaper from New York City
$C: We don’t know, but I think it’s time we demand the government to confirm or deny this, so we can actually move forward. 
$C: I mean it *should* spark immediate impeachment proceedings.  It won't, of course, but it should.
$C: Yeah it's sad. But its grabs more peoples attention so it will have to do for this one. Could have been donated imo.
$C: It's not up to us
$C: It's not about level of evidence.  It's about getting millions to leave a cult decades in the making.
$C: Ok, so Russia spends $100k on Pro and Anti Trump ads... and possibly dumps damaging emails that show unethical behavior from the DNC, Clinton, Media, and Podesta...

And for this, you think Trump should be impeached... OK, MAKES SENSE.
$C: >protests

Guerrilla warfare would be more appropriate 
$C: Softness incoming. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2018/07/19/trump-was-briefed-about-putins-meddling-role-2-weeks-before-taking-office-report.html
$C: [deleted]
$C: Voter ID would literally do nothing to counter the type of interference being discussed.
$C: They only want to protect the election from *"wrong"* people, silly.
$C: Exactly. Stories like this don't change a damned thing for the only people who really matter here. His base. That 25~ 30% of Americans who won't go down without a fight for the man they love and idolize.

The world may deride,  ridicule and criticize Trump and even convince those that know better that Trump is nothing short of brutal but does it really make a difference if his base remains as strong as ever?

I cant see The Donald being closed down anytime soon or anything and I bet this story isn't even mentioned on there unless there is yet another counter attack lined up.
$C: The party is just beginning.
$C: Projection for the doomed GOP. 
$C: Most machines are connected to central servers via the internet, and most of their security is poor at best.
$C: At the time, Obama and Biden were going to hold a press conference about it, but senate majority leader Mitch McConnell refused to sign a bi-partisan statement about Russian interference — which meant that, without the Republican's support, such a statement could be viewed as democrats trying to sway the election in their favor — so the administration decided not to go through with it.
$C: I totally remember Romney being laughed at by everyone when he said “Russia is probably our biggest threat right now”. I even thought it was weird. Looking back I’m like ‘fuck... he was right’. 
$C: Stop with the histrionics. 
$C: Yeah seriously. And most of the users that are saying stupid shit have joined reddit within the last several months
$C: In a normal timeline this would be the end of Trump. His actions and words since being elected do not align with him having this knowledge from day 1 of his presidency. He effectively has outed himself as having sabotaged America's best interests since he took the oath. 

Unfortunately we aren't in a normal timeline and nothing can be done about it until Congress is flipped. Republicans won't vote to impeach because some of them are complicit and others are afraid of upsetting the party and their base. Trump won't resign because he then opens himself up to prosecution. His only goal right now is to make sure Congress remains controlled by the Republicans so that he can avoid impeachment and hopefully get re-elected so that by the time he leaves office he will be too old to sit in jail awaiting trial. 
$C: I've seen more serious, reputable articles about Trump today than I usually see in a week. I think the American public might have a decent stab at changing things come the November Mid-Term. Even though no body takes Mid-Terms seriously.
$C: When EA made their explanation for battlefront two’s loot boxes, they got 86 gold when I last checked.
$C: Yeah, except that our Congress, the ones who can start impeachment, is controlled by Trump's party. That party themselves were also just implicated in some other recent news, so it's no wonder they're dragging their feet.

We've been taken over by traitors, and our constitution doesn't guard against that well.
$C: He hasn’t done anything illegal
$C: http://www.reddit.com/r/MMA/comments/6mpyn4/-/dk3g4iz
$C: The irony about the Clinton quote is he was just trying to rules-lawyer his way out of answering the question.

He *had* been having an affair, but in the past tense.  He was just intentionally obtusely asking what tense they meant "is" in.  This is why lawyers use the phrasing like "in the past or present..."
$C: They don't care. 
$C: It slowly dies
$C: Thanks for posting. Tired of seeing inane comments, "Wher r other articles?? Why isn't anyone else..." blah blah blah. I know we're all pretty entitled, but things still actually happen and develop in real time. 
$C: Hillary is still on the loose.
$C: remember when jimmy carter had to sell his peanut farm.... sure sucks that the rules only apply to democrats. 
$C: >Mr. Trump’s statement in Helsinki led Mr. Coats to reaffirm, in a statement he deliberately did not get cleared at the White House, that American intelligence agencies had no doubt that Russia was behind the 2016 hack.

>That contributed to Mr. Trump’s decision on Tuesday to say that he had misspoken one word, and that he did believe Russia had interfered — although he also veered off script to declare: “Could be other people also. A lot of people out there.”
$C: This is it. Deranged liberals screeching on reddit. Every minute of every day. Trump inhales=Outrage, Trump exhales=MORE OUTRAGE.

To protest in the street you have to put down the latte and the phone and that's not happening anytime soon.
$C: Because it's not news. We've known since Jan of 2017 that Trump was briefed about this. I seriously don't understand why people are going ape shit.
$C: hacking emails would be an example of a cyberattack
$C: I’ve personally felt that anyone with access to nukes should have a free access to consenting partners.   The last thing I want is war because of sexual frustration.  
$C: You prefer rubbish and diarrhea epidemic to Donald? You mad...keep your shitty country
$C: Trump as president
$C: Sow massive unrest, division, and distrust of our governemnt and institutions. The effects of Trump's tariffs and isolationism will devastate the American economy, and Trump is still riding on the economic success of Obama's presidency. The honeymoon will end shortly. Economically and politically for Donnie.
$C: Paid "legitimacy"
$C: Trump should not have lied about Russia and Putin's involvement in the election.
$C: It spreads awareness.  Reddit is one of the most popular websites in the world, and this post has reached almost every regular user.  People can also do more than one thing at a time.
$C: there are none, notice the upvotes and the guilding? this was a planted piece, a targeted hit piece: propaganda. All MSNBC and CNN can say the last three days is : is he not going to listen to the lovely CIA, that brought us Iraq, Vietnam, and human experimentation? 

The posts here are bots, shills, astroturfers. This spot was bought and paid for. 

Brennan, Comey, Clapper are all guilty of the biggest crimes 
$C: Thanks for the suggestion. We got this. 
$C: What would they do if they had a source they believed? 
$C: Whats the point? They won't believe it no matter what source you show anyway.
$C: We shouldn’t have to wait until November to right this wrong.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Wondering the same thing. All i hear is "cyber attacks"
$C: Remember [this though](http://www.chicagotribune.com/bluesky/technology/ct-russian-twitter-account-tennessee-gop-20171018-story,amp.html&ved=2ahUKEwin0tzToqrcAhUBpYMKHYWVDFsQFjAFegQICRAB&usg=AOvVaw0QCW9jgVUG4jP2ZFkU_fWY&ampcf=1)?  I think you're fighting reality if you believe no one was influenced.  
$C: Just stop lol, nobody takes this shit seriously
$C: You are a low-energy troll, and your username proves it, you're just hoping to mine some salt, it'd be funny, if you weren't so beta at it.

Your insult adds nothing to the discussion, but thank you for doubling down on the whole "Everyone I disagree with is Hitler." talking point of the left, it is the fuel that's powering that #WalkAway engine, you can be sure of it. :)
$C: Is amazing how many people on both sides of this argument don't read the fucking articles.  

" We haven’t yet seen an effort to target specific election infrastructure this time. We could be just a moment away from the next level.”

Most is hearsay.  Which is not proof.  Some comes from the president which is refuted by none other than trump himself.  You can't trust any " facts " that come from that man.  

There is no real reporting here. In doing this they are doing themselves and the side they lean towards a disservice.  Quote sources break down facts.  Make articles that are able to be checked and researched.  
$C: Be careful what you wish for punk
$C: It's like 1am, we need some time to sleep! I'll hit the streets tomorrow. 
$C: I've been meaning to create a throwaway for a while so now's a good a time as any...

It's because many of us have lost hope in the system, and in light of all this, how couldn't we? We have gone out en masse before and it's done fuck all. The administration is not scared by hoards of people in the streets. Even if it got violent, who would the violence be against? Smashing windows only hurts each other and drives further division. 

We have to hit them where it hurts: their wallets. We do that by voting them out of office. Not enough people believe that marching in the streets is going to convince people to vote, and I'm not sure they're wrong. Plus, many of us have lost faith in the electoral system because of all of this bull. I'm not saying this is in line with my beliefs, but a lot of the mindset is: why bother voting if it's hacked anyway? It's a gigantic fucking mess. 
$C: Its hard for Americans to get their electric scooters out when there are no sidewalks 
$C: https://m.imgur.com/a/ScrMekF
$C: From the article:
“According to nearly a dozen people who either attended the meeting with the president-elect or were later briefed on it, the four primary intelligence officials described the streams of intelligence that convinced them of Mr. Putin’s role in the election interference.”

That’s a lot of corroboration. 
$C: Because there are quite a lot of people involved in these meetings who are... concerned... by the president being a Russian proxy.
$C: Hilary probably would have won if there wasn't any tampering. 
$C: Yes, because she would have had the testicular fortitude to do something about an attack on our election. 
$C: Mueller is working on it.
$C: That’s not what happened.
$C: 12 Russian nationals indicted already for the hacking. Secureworks has some info about their assessment here https://www.crowdstrike.com/blog/bears-midst-intrusion-democratic-national-committee/
$C: This is my concern too. Chances are that we may never have a real election again. 
$C: No who didn't? 
$C: So the issue that this article is addressing is: the Russians, directed by Putin, engaged in a data gathering and dissemination campaign to sway the election towards Trump. 

Trump, before his inauguration, was shown incredibly solid evidence that Putin/Russia was behind it. He came out, that day or a few days later, to spread potential blame to other countries. And has danced around the issue or flat out lied since.

All of this is set on a backdrop of allegations that his campaign and potentially Trump himself, worked in conjunction with the Russians, to sway the elections through multiple duplicitous means
$C: Foreigner too, I also don't get it. Doesn't this basically absolve Trump of collusion with Russia? Seems like he was unaware of Russia's cyber attacks, thought he was elected honestly, then as president did not release classified information.
$C: This is all bullshit. They wanted a war with russia and hillary clinton was going to deliver that war. however trump won so now those powers are trying to paint russia as this big bad guy that needs to be taken care of. Trump dosnt trust our media (they shit on him 24/7) and he dosnt trust the intellegency agencies (Obama orders them to spy on trump). this is going to make one hell of a movie one day
$C: He’s the president. 
$C: Trump has never stated that Russia didn't hack the DNC servers or Hillary's server. 

Trump has only stated that he and his presidential campaign were not coordinating with Russia with the information to secure the victory.

The claim is, Russia hacked the DNC, gave DNC playbook/strategy information to the Trump campaign, who then used it to gain an advantage to win a narrow election.

I think the claim fails to hold up for about 50 different reasons, but that's not what you asked.

The main criticism of Trump nowadays is that he cozy-ed up to Putin instead of holding Putin accountable for the "election meddling", which could mean anything from buying advertisements supporting Trump on the internet or hacking a server full of the opposition's strategies and colluding to share that information.

There is concern that Russia will "meddle again" in 2018 since Trump has not been harsh on Russia and took Putin's claim of innocence in 2016 at face value. This is why people accuse him of Treason, they think his inaction actually means he is purposefully weakening and betraying the United States.
$C: Care to quote Obama?
$C: Regurgitated comment. Just search Obama. There's some good ones with sources refuting you're implication Obama is somehow at fault. 
$C: And **the Obama administration also tried to ask leaders in Congress of both parties to sign a statement condemning these foreign efforts.** The Democratic leaders agreed to do so. The Republican speaker, Paul Ryan, apparently thought that he could get there, **but the majority leader in the Senate, Mitch McConnell, did not agree to do that.** And so, ultimately, there was no public statement until October of 2016, by which time, with the view of history, it may have been too late to do anything about it.

https://www.npr.org/2018/07/15/629281975/fact-check-did-the-obama-administration-respond-to-election-interference-by-russ
$C: I don't understand. What policies has he implemented that you disagree with?
$C: No because he hasn’t done anything illegal 
$C: Here’s a link

https://www.apnews.com/dea73efc01594839957c3c9a6c962b8a
$C: https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/2018/05/11/what-we-found-facebook-ads-russians-accused-election-meddling/602319002/
$C: Treason? How do you figure?
$C: [deleted]
$C: If anything this shows how incompetent Hillary is, she spent a billion dollars on her campaign and lost to less than a million dollars in facebook ads.
$C: What are you even rambling about.

You're repeating the line Putin told Trump that the world laughed at and was disgusted he bought into. How's that dick taste? 
$C: You forgot /s
$C: You’re lying.
$C: Your priorities are fucked up.
$C: I just commented the same thing!  I feel like this was something we should have been made aware of a long time ago.
$C: We were made aware of it, many months ago, but it was only hearsay then, now it's been proven to be true.
$C: and that will have no effect, at all, on trump and his minions.
$C: Republican politicians will literally let him get away with all this because they don’t want to risk hurting their parties reputation. It’s all about trying to stay in power.
$C: It hasn't happened because Republicans prefer party over country. 

In common legal terms, Congress is the prosecuting attorney and the Senate is the judge.

Congress must vote in order to bring charges against President. That's impeachment. Then a  trial takes place in the Senate with the final outcome decide with another vote. That's conviction. For instance, Clinton was impeached by Congress but acquitted by the Senate.



$C: He can be impeached.
$C: Just because he was briefed doesn’t mean he didn’t already know. 

It is a pretty big leap to assume he’s even remotely intelligent enough to take part in that level of espionage though. 
$C: Trump is a racist and many folks are just fine with him keeping out the brown people.  Case closed.
$C: Because it is classified information and whoever leaked it to the NYT is clearly deeply concerned about Trump's actions at and following the Helsinki summit.
$C: If this doesn't get resolved by laws we will lose the Republic.  No violence.
$C: Because a little less than half of the country are dipshits who support him despite the overwhelming evidence against him.  
Also, the Republican-controlled House is also likely as corrupt as Trump
$C: Sure, ~~they~~ there are actually 399 reasons. 248 Republican congressmen and 51 senators who are unwilling to defend their country.
$C: Two stolen supreme court nominations already make the damage last generations due to lifetime appointments. 
$C: Honestly if there was something real he'd get removed from office. I don't like him as president but the republicans were almost literally saying the same thing you are right now about president Obama. 
$C: The recent indictments against 12 GRU officers have a lot of detail:

https://www.documentcloud.org/documents/4598902-DOJ-Russian-Indictments.html
$C: Then you don't understand how damn terrifying the current situation is.
$C: nope it’s just fun news so that’s why they keep bringing it up
$C: I think this is the part where he starts singing and you realize it's just a crappy musical.
$C: DNC emails...
$C: Someone leaked
$C: Dr. Cowboy GEOTUS, V.S.G.
$C: Money = influence. And you’re going to pretend that propaganda doesn’t equal influence too?
$C: Seems about as big as the crying over his two scoops of ice cream.  You have no sources and a lot of misrepresentation of facts like quoting him as saying no to a question asked as he is answering the question of are you taking questions.  Just another demwit hit piece.
$C: I haven't caught that show in a couple of years. When did it turn into an absurdist comedy? 
$C: This general was killed in the center of Moscow in his car. A bullet in to head on next day after he was compromised by giving over his name to Trump.
$C: As it stands, if we could get rid of Trump, getting odds say Pence is guilty as well so.. that would make Paul Ryan the acting president and Orrin Hatch would be vp. So I mean we aren't in a good spot any way you slice it. But vote democrats in on all levels and we can start the cleaning, work to 2020 when we can get an adult back as president.
$C: More stupidity
$C: I hope the book isn't about the collapse of the Republic.
$C: That take Republicans standing up to him which they won’t do because they still don’t know whether that’s what their specific voters want or don’t want. They’ll know come midterms and after that is likely when something will or will continue not to happen. 
$C: I don’t think he has a chance. Democrats are more pissed than ever and that’s unfortunately what it takes to get them out to vote. When they’re happy they stay home. 
$C: Unfortunately at this time it’s all up to the republicans because they’re in charge of both houses of Congress. You would think they’d want to distance themselves from Trump due to the damage he’s inflicting on their “brand.” But I have a feeling they are afraid of his virulent  base abandoning the GOP and forming a third party if they try to stand up to Trump so they sit back hold their noses and let him do whatever he wants. In other words, the republicans are too cowardly to do anything. 
$C: Technically, what we mean is that the DNA was hacked and the data was used by Trump to build his own campaign strategy around.
$C: To address your handmaids tail, biologically and ontologically, those with fecundity will almost always hold the advantage in sexual reproduction.

edit- whoops tale not tail
$C: Zero
$C: Remember how half the internet went down earlier this week?

Makes you think. 
$C: > We all fucking know this.

Everyone except the president. 
$C: Never.
$C: The president of the US has been lying about the involvement of Russia in the most recent election the entire time; Its strong evidence he was involved.
$C: > This is what happens when you don’t vote in elections.

AMEN - why is this not a mantra of the left? 
$C: If you want democrats to get out and vote, pick them up in buses, drive them to voting booths and give them free lunch. That’s what Barry did.
$C: True but voting is better than not voting.
$C: Theoretically, tariffs/war/other punitive measures.

Of course, with a spineless traitor in the WH, it comes into doubt just how much of those he'd use.
$C: Nah, they'll be an election.  It's if the results don't match what he wants that you can expect him to start talking about throwing them out.
$C: http://www.reddit.com/r/MMA/comments/6mpyn4/-/dk3g4iz
$C: Blue baby blue. All blue.
$C: It varies depending on where you’re voting. Where I’m at all the voting is done on paper ballots that get mailed in. Other places I’ve loved have touch screen booths, no paper receipt or anything.
$C: It depends on the district. We vote with pen and paper in mine.(Washington State)
$C: Uh.  what?  You just said a bunch of utter nonsense.
$C: Apparently over a dozen people present at the meeting talked to the media about it recently.  Did you not read the article?
$C: We need to not excuse that. Any president, especially the “America First” president, should give a shit. The fact that he didn’t because the bad behavior benefited him speaks volumes as to his character.
$C: Impeachment is not court.
$C: What the hell is this word salad supposed to be?
$C: More of a landlord than a businessman.
$C: People should make it 45
$C: This is important because it directly implicates trump. There hasn't been any solid evidence like this yet. 
$C: I've been wondering how hard it would be to emigrate to Australia as of late..
$C: How: The Powers That Be
Why: The Powers That Be
What: The Powers That Be
$C: [deleted]
$C: >In March, the Department of Homeland Security declared that Russia was  targeting the American electric power grid, continuing to riddle it with malware that could be used to manipulate or shut down critical control systems. Intelligence officials have described it to Congress as a chief threat to American security.

Yup that's some seriously scary stuff. 
$C: It could always be more!
$C: Why would Trump drop out because Democrat emails leaked?

Shouldn't Hillary have stepped down because her poor practices led to her emails being exposed due to poor security?

A different Democrat (not necessarily Bernie) would have won most likely. There wasn't any reason for Trump to stop Democrats from shooting themselves in the foot.

Or am I misunderstanding you.
$C: well, you wait a week for this to be old news, and then we latch on to another highly questionable avenue to rehash this topic. An avenue which we will all know internally is going to go absolutely nowhere, but so long as we just play dumb about that, we can keep complaining anyway, so no worries. 
$C: President doesn't need security clearance. He is head of the military
$C: you know the depressing answer to this
$C: From my reading (IANAL, especially not a constitutional lawyer) there's no mechanism built into the federal election system to trigger, let alone perform, a do-over for fuckery like this.

There are laws against foreign interference, but that's not part of the Constitution, and good luck getting sane law (let alone an amendment to the Constitution) with no unintended consequences through the process.
$C: that's not a bad concept in theory, but pragmatically, not feasible
$C: Perhaps if they'd manipulated votes as opposed to socially engineering voters, there might be a rationale. As it was, we were duped... And now we have to fix it.
$C: I think you need to brush up on your english.
$C: Watch Out Q-Anon edge Lord right here
$C: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shelling_of_Mainila 
 
 
Do you admit this or do you deny it?  
 
What does the Russian state media and Kremlin have to say?  
 
 
Hmmm? Cue crickets... 
$C: I know you're probably too strong out on meth to care, but things don't just happen. You see threads like that all the time because it happened and people are naturally upset. You don't see the government do anything about it because they are currently dominated by republicans who are just as guilty as Trump. 
$C: He tried to, but Mitch McConnell shot him down.
$C: You can just search Obama to see how many people have regurgitated this question and had it answered. 
$C: Plausible deniability is all you’ll ever have.
$C: Easy they're covering their asses lol.
$C: It didn't get dozens of gold so it wasn't important
$C: Don't rain on their conspiracy parade with *real facts*!
$C: So that makes it ok and world leaders should try to hide a foreign country attacking their country from their own people when they know about it? That they should in fact praise those people and cover for them? 
$C: We've meddled in other country's elections ergo we shouldn't care that another country has meddled in ours? The fuck kind of logic is that?

Should any country we've ever bombed be able to lob a few at us, consequence-free, simply because we dropped bombs on them at some point in the past?
$C: >Hey guys, we have done it, so let Russia run the country for a bit, I hate America.
$C: It's an echo chamber in here man
$C: Democrats would never believe that, even though unlike all the Trump accusations, the Obama meddling has proof.
$C: Read the article boi
$C: Wtf. Did you read 
$C: I don’t know if you’re intentionally understating the truth (lying), but here,

[Inside story: How Russians hacked the Democrats’ emails](https://www.apnews.com/dea73efc01594839957c3c9a6c962b8a)
$C: Do you have original thoughts, or just what you see on Twitter? 
$C: FUCK YOU FASCIST PIG SHUT THE FUCK UP AND GO SUCK YOUR DEAR LEADERS COCK!!! 
$C: Trump himself literally denied Russian propaganda.
$C: no one denies it, other than the President...
$C: Lol wtf
$C: THE PRESIDENT SHOULD NOT BE COMPLICIT IN SUCH AN ACT. IT IS ILLEGAL. 
$C: > some interference

That’s a massive understatement. You haven’t been paying attention at all! Why are you trying to lecture to us about election interference when you don’t even know what you’re talking about?
$C: I agree with the voting part and the propaganda. I just believe that people massively underestimate the power of social media and fake news. They don't realise how much it influences their choices and beliefs.

If they accept the fact that Russian propaganda via social media influenced their choice in voting, that means accepting Russia took their freedom of choice away from them, and that is something most people will not accept. 
$C: They already can’t vote. 
$C: There have been less than 1000 instances of any kind of voter fraud since the year 2000.  It's a fictional problem and the solution is political engineering to give Republics a 1-2% edge, which is all you need to flip the few competitive elections.
$C: Because the foreign meddling we're talking about has literally nothing to do with people casting illegal votes in-person.

You could try reading literally anything about it before asking such a dumb question.
$C: If we did that then those poor, wonderful undocumented immigrants in California would have a tough time to have their voices heard! 

:(
$C: Quit using logic. It's too *hateful*.
$C: No dude it's not just about the emails. Russia is hacking our national infrastructure in attempts to fuck with our power grid.  They have attempted hacked into our nuclear launch systems, the Russians also hacked the RNC and several other NGOs. The Russians also hacked into many state election systems and had access to vote information. They also spread propoganda meant to divide Americans on both sides via social media, including Reddit. 

Shits way beyond Hillary's emails my dude.
$C: The DNC tried to rig the election? How so?
$C: You don't have it straight. They gathered dirt on BOTH SIDES (BOTH SIDES, BOTH SIDES DID BAD THINGS, A LOT OF PEOPLE ARE TELLING ME!) and used only the compromising material to let one side win and manipulate the winning side.

The GOP got hacked too. The GOP has dirt. Russia picked a side and used the dirt to bury one and hang over the head of the other. You have to be a fucking moron to not see this.
$C: > revealing how they tried to rig the election? 

This seems made up.
$C: When did the DNC emails reveal they tried to rig the election? I must’ve missed this information in following politics in detail for the last two years. 
$C: The DNC didn't rig the election?
$C: More like your neighbors didnt like you, so they broke into your house, stole your gay midget porn collection and showed your friends, family and neighbors and got you kicked out of your apartment building. The problem with all that is that they broke into your damn house 
$C: Yeah. Hillary colluded with Russia to lose the election on purpose to make trump look bad /S
$C: How did the DNC rig the election?
$C: >Russia hacked the DNCs servers

Also the GOP servers. Trump probably isn’t the only one being controlled 
$C: People have such short memories...this is exactly what happened.  Truth came out about the DNC cheating in the election of the Democratic candidate so they call this "election meddling" and the Democrats spin it to take the blame off them...and it worked.
$C: Simply put, Let's say you cheat on your girlfriend and when you're going to the bathroom and she checks your phone and sees texts from another girl. You get in an argument and instead of admitting you're wrong and focusing on the texts you change the whole argument into why she was looking at your phone in the real place. There was so much corruption and lies exposed in the leaked emails which also lead to the whole pizzagate thing it was amazing, I think it changed some peoples views on her and the DNC but again, corrupt person, exposed, person/hackers that exposer her are the reason she lost???
$C: You're a bit behind...
$C: > So lemme get this straight. Russia hacked the DNCs servers to reveal emails that the DNC received/sent revealing how they tried to rig the election?
> 
> Thanks, I guess, Russia.

Exactly! How dare Russia interfere in our ~~coronation~~ election!!
$C: Huh
$C: There were very clear favorites based on the amount of money each campaign received from Russian sources. Yea sure they did it to multiple candidates, their entire goal is division among the people and politicians, but that doesn't mean such efforts were distributed evenly or that they resulted in a net-zero benefit among each candidate. The only thing we should be questioning though is was Trump complicit and knowledgeable about the election rigger and did he willingly participate and utilize those resources. Either he A. Didn't know about it until that point and wasn't complicit with Russia actions B. Knew about the Russian manipulations longer but took no part in utilizing or facilitating the Russian efforts C. He knew about the manipulations and purposefully facilitated or used that Russian influence to his advantage. In A, he is clear no matter what the Russians did, in B he is 99% clear of any substantial charges, but in C he is guilt of treason, facilitating foreign adversaries in aggressive actions against the US in order to subvert our government and our political processes, especially violating the rights of all US citizens.

Nobody cares about A, B is of a small interest to some people but ultimately a pointless gesture, but whether C is true or not is what we want and need to know in order to protect our own sovereignty and basic right, which Trumps changing denials and lack of cooperation are suggesting. He could make this whole situation go away tomarrow if he cooperated. And if he wasn't guilty of something as serious as treason he would be free to go.
$C: Evidence of what, exactly? The article is about Trump having been thoroughly briefed on top secret intel evidence that Russia interfered in the 2016 presidential election with the objective to get Trump elected. The point is, he has since run the biggest coverup operation in American political history denying what he knows is true either from the briefing or his own involvement, we'll let that shake out as the Mueller investigation continues its remarkable, courageous, patriotic work. So, for what are you claiming there's no evidence? 
$C: This is evidence that Trump knew about the russian meddling all along. But lied about it.
$C: Something is wrong with this thread. I think it's some sort of paid coup. The amount of gold and the amount of upvotes from a blog-article with no evidence and so much obvious built in anger shouldn't attract this level of attraction and unquestionable belief.

It's like /politics or /news partisanship. Something is very odd here.
$C: It blows my mind that people go along with what the media say. 
We hear stuff like “Russia is trying to influence the election!”
Yea, well, CNN, NBC, FoxNews, George Soros and many many many more have been influencing our elections for decades. They’re all just mad because someone else is at the table now. 
$C: I'm curious as to what you have to gain from this
$C: No evidence? How can you be on reddit without knowing how to read? 
$C: > I wish you Americans scrutinized your media industry as hard as you do Trump/Russia.

[They don't know the half of it.](https://i.imgur.com/KzhZoNH.jpg)
$C: Hate is a very strong emotion. The only damage this doing is discrediting most of our news outlets, and showing us which friends are unhinged. 
$C: What more evidence do you need? What would need to fall into your lap in order for you to be convinced? 
$C: [deleted]
$C: Hey man, as a young American. I’m noticing what’s actually going on. There’s obvious social manipulation on this site, which it’s one of the worlds most popular sites. I don’t trust the media, I don’t trust the government, I don’t usually trust my neighbor. Shit I’ve been to jail and everyone in there doesn’t trust their best friend, which most of these guys have gone through some Brutus and Caesar stuff. 

All I know is that both sides are probably in the wrong, just like my sister and I fighting when I was younger. 

Most people don’t look at the bigger picture about anything because they’re in their bubbles. (Plato’s cave)

Everyone reminds me of the seagulls from Nemo yelling “Mike! Trump traitor! MAGA! Feelsbadman!”

But for real though that court hearing with Gowdy and Strzok, total obvious implications that fbi is over the American people, how split our nation is with the two party system, and witch hunts on both sides.

  Sincerely,
   You friendly, American made,  23 year old from the suburbs.

TLDR: why trust anyone whispering into your ear, we’re a bunch of seagulls, I don’t trust ‘intelligence’ agencies because they think theyre above the law.
$C: How on earth is this "no actual evidence" ?  Are you illiterate?
$C: It's reddit. Anyone still left inside the main subs is either lacking in critical faculties, or ideologically posessed.
$C: How many times do you think you have changed your story.   


 \- Trump doesn't even know any Russians.   


\- There was no meeting.   


\- There was a meeting but it didn't involve Russians  


\- The meeting had Russians in it, but they only discussed adoption.   


\- Yeah there were some meetings but he doesn't know any other Russians

  
\- Ok he knew lots of Russians but there were no links between his people and them .  


\- Ok there are tons of links but nothing actually happened, no one did anything.   


\- Ok things happened, but it wasn't actually Russians.   


\- Ok it was Russians and they did shit, but it didn't help Trump.   


\- Ok so everything is true, but China does it to.   


YOU HAVE BEEN LIED TO SO MANY TIMES AND EVERY TIME YOU JUST BELIEVE THE NEXT THING HE CHANGES HIS STORY TO. 
$C: They found servers in Texas proxying keylogging and screencap information from DCCC servers to Russia. They found the DNC's data copied from their cloudflare account to Russian cloudflare accounts. The fuck you mean no machines were hacked, have you not been paying attention?
$C: Complex cyber attacks = a phishing scam and 100k in Facebook ads   
Really pales in comparison to the 1B+ spent by the DNC
$C: Close, you just forgot to mention that they hacked voter rolls (plural). They also hacked dnc servers and other servers and strategically released information throughout the election.

This information was to fracture the Democratic party because the dnc showed preference to Hillary. What the dnc servers showed is absolutely no different than what RNC communications would have that the same treatment was applied to Trump before he secured the nomination. The Russians decided against leaking the RNC stuff for some reason. 
$C: Take your bad faith bullshit and move it somewhere else.
$C: Source on chinese claim?

Source on super common claim?

Also Whataboutism.
$C: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shelling_of_Mainila 
 
 
Do you admit this or do you deny it?  
 
What does the Russian state media and Kremlin have to say?  
 
 
Hmmm? Cue crickets... 
$C: How's Minsk this time of year?
$C: They helped convince you it was Hillary's fault you didn't vote for her
$C: It was never about getting anyone to switch votes. People who change their minds about a vote are fucking unicorns and a tiny %.

It was about getting people to stay home. And it worked. 
$C: Regardless, shouldn't you care that Trump sat on this information and continues to deny it?
$C: I've seen no evidence whatsoever that a Clinton presidency would have been anything besides completely mundane and uneventful.
$C: > Russia didn't get me to vote for Trump, 

Yes they did. You were bamboozled into thinking Hillary sold uranium to fund her pizza parlor sex parties hosted by Benjamin Ghazi.
$C: The cyber ~~abolish~~ attack was designed to make Hillary look bad. What do you seriously think was the other motive?
$C: Actually, your sheer gullibility and stupidity got you to vote for Trump.  
$C: The thing is, how can you be sure of that? Are you sure every horrible thing you read about Hillary that formed your opinion of her was reputable? 

Look, she wasn't my first choice either. But she knew how to run a government. To choose Trump over...well, anybody qualified, how can you know you weren't subtly manipulated? Wouldn't everybody say, "Well it didn't influence MY vote!"?
$C: Cool, you’re an idiot.
$C: Except there is absolutely no way you can be certain they didn't influence your opinion of her. It's not like the campaign adds said "Support Russia, Vote for Trump!" They secretly paid for bot armies to get people to think pizzagate was real. 

That's the problem with Russians using psychological warfare techniques and Cambridge analytica micro targeting voters in swing districts. They experimented on Facebook by profiling people and showing them different anti Hillary ads to figure out which ones made each type of person hate her the most.

All US intelligence agencies agree that Russia influenced the election. You can hate Hillary all you want, but you are claiming to be totally immune to some of the world's most highly skilled psychological warfare experts. You can't be that smart. 
$C: *I'm easily manipulated and harbor an unjustified hatred*
$C: If you don’t act like the most corrupt politician in American history,  Russia won’t be able to release information about how you’re the most corrupt politician in American history. 
$C: Russia didn't make you vote for Trump. But their propaganda was successful in getting people like you angry enough to ensure that you *would* vote.
$C: congratulations on voting for a fucking moron. 
$C: It's fun how you can find ways to ignore how the Russians are trying to destroy Western democracy.

Clinton was bad. That doesn't change the fact that Russia is actively looking for ways to undermine the US.
$C: Have you ever voted Democrat in your life?  If not, then you can honestly say that first part of your sentence.  You weren't the target.

Did you forward on Russian propaganda to anyone?  Then you are a useful idiot.
$C: Can you justify supporting Trump without mentioning her?  She was not an ideal candidate, totally given.  But based on what you’ve seen from Trump’s actions in office, can you justify supporting him now?  Or will you just scream LOCK HER UP a few more times while supporting a racist treasonous piece of shit instead?
$C: Lol I love this. No one makes you do anything. 
$C: Design Ghost is a troll. Report him and move on. 
$C: And now you cup Putin balls, just like Trump 
$C: But Trump got you to support Russia lol
$C: Such an ironic statement. You literally fell for a disinformation campaign. The hate you have for Hillary is the effect of that. The pathetic part is that you'll probably never realize this. 
$C: And you backed the shittier horse in a really shitty horse race. Sorry bro.
$C: Thank you for admitting that Trump is so weak and ineffective that he can't get you to vote for him.

Only this drummed-up terror of a 'leftist boogeyman' could do that.
$C: This is way too much salt for my diet!!
$C: Then you're stupider than originally. Well done.
$C: Congratulations for placing second for most downvoted comment on reddit. What will you do with your new found negative karma?
$C: She was way more qualified than the dotard.  Russian propaganda made you believe otherwise.    Sad.  #brainwashed.  
$C: Your voting story has nothing to do with the actions taken by other people. Your vote also does not excuse illegal or treasonous behavior. 
$C: lol.  Of course, you were manipulated into thinking this way, but yeah. Russia didn't have any hand in that.  Anyways, back to Facebook!
$C: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shelling_of_Mainila 
 
Do you admit to this or do you deny it? 
$C: That is the SADDEST statement I have ever read on this subreddit.

> It doesnt matter Russia fucked over our country and our president knew and have continually denied it because atleast HiLlArY LoSt!!
$C: But they tried to get you to vote for Trump, and Trump didn't respond accordingly. That counts for something. 
$C: For me it was really the supporters of Hillary.

I mean I already 60%+ thinking I was gonna vote for Trump fairly early based on his policies and attitude; but the smug, condescending, name calling, racist, wannabe-victim supporters of hers really sealed my vote.

First time I ever checked an R on a ballot was Trump! 

Just remember that reddit is massively left leaning circlejerk, votes and posts here don't translate into the real world because if you dissent here you get slapped with the "You are doing that too often. Please try again in 10 minutes." that amplifies the circlejerk.
$C: I agree bro Hilary was terrible. Fuck it tho wouldn’t you rather have pence than this MORON
$C: Yes, and millions of others as well.  Hillary hate Trump's the country.
$C: Didn't you hear? We must start nuclear was with Russian tomorrow because reddit is mad
$C: Also the Internet Research Agency, which is funded by the Kremlin, spent untold thousands or tens of thousands of man hours posing as American citizens and generating as much fear, uncertainty, and doubt as possible to the average American. That was part of the cyber attack. 
$C: I have a question for you. 

Do you like vanilla or chocolate ice cream? 

Before you answer though, let me tell you that i have special evidence that vanilla ice cream is actually poison. It is poision disguised as ice cream. If you decide to eat vanilla ice cream you will die. My special evidence shows conversations between vanilla ice cream and the ice cream maker plotting to take over the world by poisoning people. Did I mention that vanilla ice cream also has a children rape dungeon? My special secret source told me that vanilla ice cream is going to take your guns too. Guns that you use to protect your family from ISIS. I really think vanilla is up to no good. 

Ok, so, do you like chocolate or vanilla ice cream?
$C: Psyops
$C: > How does a cyberattack sway an election unless its targeting a voting machine?

Because undereducated Americans are dumb enough to believe stories about Hillary’s pizza sex parties.

Edit: Downvote me because you can’t accept the fact that the pizza parlor lacked a basement and you have an obsession with touching children.
$C: You should look up the term Psyops, when you get some free time
$C: This fresh account only exist to spew hateful alt right comments all over Reddit.

Just saying. Check the depth, comrads. 
$C: An easy to see example is the hacking of e-mails by various democratic organizations etc prior to the election. By releasing them, the news reports on them. Then people hear/read the news, and depending on the source make opinions based on them, then they consider them when it's time to vote. And if those news pieces confirm your suspicions about, lets say, Hillary Clinton handling classified e-mails for nefarious reasons, you are no longer an undecided voter, you are a decided one.

And that is just one example. You could look at the Cambridge Analytica stuff, which caused the companies name to change to Emerdata I believe.

Also they could have (not proven yet) deleted voter registrations off the rolls. So if you were registered to vote for 40 years and you always voted democratic, if you no longer appear in the system they'll at best give you a provisional ballot that won't be counted.
$C: Think of it like running for class president, two people are running and all sorts of horrible misinformation gets spread about one of them, it's a super close race but the person who wasn't atracked wins. 

You don't need to hack the machines, you just need to trick and demoralize the heart of the public. 
$C: Does the degree to which it swayed the election really matter? Not really. Does the force of which we strike back at them for (even if only attempting to) hurting our sovereignty matter? Yes.
$C: Read the article and it will tell you. 
$C: You're right, it's going to be virtually impossible to tell exactly how many votes were swayed by Russian influence. Unless they hacked voting machines and flipped votes, there will never be an accurate number.

However, votes can be influenced. If it was impossible to influence how people vote, people wouldn't run campaigns in the first place. You can say positive things about yourself, and negative things about your opponent, and it may change how people vote. 

This is what all of our intelligence agencies have said happened. Russian agents illegally hacked computers in the DNC, and the Clinton Campaign, and used that information, as well as other tacticts to influence people to vote for Trump, or to stay home from the election altogether.

Another thing, is that nobody is asking for impeachment because the hackers flipped enough voters so he shouldn't have won. The claim is that he did illegal things during the course of the campaign and afterwords, much of which surrounds asking the russian government for help in the election.
$C: I am  just going to copy and paste this here:

Instead, Obama officials chose another course of action after becoming frustrated that Republican leaders on Capitol Hill would not endorse a bipartisan statement condemning Russian interference and fearful that any unilateral action by them would feed then candidate Donald Trump’s claims that the election was rigged. They chose a private “stern” warning by Obama to Russian President Vladimir Putin at a summit in China in early September 2016 to stop his country’s campaign to disrupt the U.S. election.

Obama officials were also worried that a vigorous cyber response along the lines Daniel had proposed could escalate into a full scale cyber war. And, they have since argued, they believed that the president’s warning had some impact, noting — as Daniel did in his testimony — that they saw some tamping down in Russian probing of state election data systems after Obama’s private talk with Putin.

Stop spreading misinformation.
$C: So Trump is just as bad as Fox news version on Obama? Then why don't you hate Trump?
$C: You gonna reply to any people showing you Obama tried and Republicans wouldn’t agree to a statement? I’d like to see what else you have to say next. 
$C: He [expelled Russian diplomats ](https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.theguardian.com/us-news/2016/dec/29/barack-obama-sanctions-russia-election-hack), [sanctioned Russian leaders](https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.usatoday.com/amp/95958472) and even tried to bring both parties together to condemn the attacks. The only reason the last didn’t happen was because [Mitch McConnell was too worried about the Republican Party instead of American democracy. ](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.politico.com/amp/story/2018/01/23/mitch-mcconnell-russia-obama-joe-biden-359531)
$C: This is misleading.   McConnell refused to cooperate.
$C: Obama hasn’t been president for 18 months and Obama didn’t deny Russia is responsible. Trump is the one doing that.
$C: And then he lied to the American public and told them Russia didn't do it because Putin said so.  He then said anyone could have done it.  Knowing they did it.
$C: What about the argument that he gave the stand down order so as not to be seen "tipping the scales" in the Democrat's favor. Either way, his hands were tied.  Obama had the information but chose not to brazenly interfere in the election, as the election should be decided by the American people, not the retiring commander.  He gathered the Intel,  and hoped the candidate's integrity would shine through.  Alas,  we'll never know.

  We shouldn't try to rewrite the past. He can only hope to write a greater future. 
$C: So what?

Trump is actively saying it didn't happen and isn't still happening. Trump is covering for the Russians who are currently attacking America.
$C: >And obama was shown it as well in September.   He told his department to stand down.

Obama  expelled Russian diplomats , sanctioned Russian leaders and even tried to bring both parties together to condemn the attacks. The only reason the last didn’t happen was because Mitch McConnell was too worried about the Republican Party instead of American democracy. 

From /u/DENYEVERYTHING13

$C: Please. Back to fox news with you.
$C: Which, if you're correct, was a failing of the Obama administration.  

Since then we have had a Trump administration.  An administration that has denied that these attacks took place, has failed to implement bipartisan sanctions, met with the person who ordered these attacks saying that they could have been from anyone and denied the existence of intelligence from his own agencies.

I take it you brought up Obama as you are calling for the removal of the current president due to his gross incompetence?
$C: To cite myself:

> Its their whataboutism. Some people apparently still get fooled by their deflection.
> 
> 
> 
> Even if Obama was a mass murderer it wouldnt change the facts about Trump.

You people are like little children trying to get away with something because "The other kid did this and that".
$C: Why isn’t Trump, THE CURRENT FUCKING POTUS, doing anything about it?
$C: Ehht! Wrong

$C: I agree, it's probably the worst thing Obama had done. He didn't alert the American people to the fact that Russia tried to sway the election towards Trump, because it would have looked like the sitting president was trying to sway the election because of partisanship. Had Obama told everyone of the attacks on our democracy, Trump would probably not have been the president
$C: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shelling_of_Mainila 
 
 
Do you admit this or do you deny it?  
 
What does the Russian state media and Kremlin have to say?  
 
 
Hmmm? Cue crickets... 
$C: Obama isn’t president anymore how is this relevant?
$C: The two leading presidential candidate start getting various levels of intelligence briefings as the election gets closer. Both Clinton and trump were getting watered down versions of the presidential daily briefing as they were getting close to the election. After trump got the electoral college victory, he started getting closer to the same info Obama was getting.
$C: Through a process called the "Presidential Transition Process"- the soon-to-be President gets the title "President-elect" and gets clearances.
$C: BULLSHIT AND FUCK YOUR WEAK ASS ATTITUDE.
$C: Just because you are a weak-willed apathetic loser, doesn't mean we all are. 
$C: Dont say that, we HAVE to fight against him, always, no matter what!!! NEVER give up to racists on the right!!!
$C: Remember [this though](http://www.chicagotribune.com/bluesky/technology/ct-russian-twitter-account-tennessee-gop-20171018-story,amp.html&ved=2ahUKEwin0tzToqrcAhUBpYMKHYWVDFsQFjAFegQICRAB&usg=AOvVaw0QCW9jgVUG4jP2ZFkU_fWY&ampcf=1)?  I think you're fighting reality if you believe no one was influenced.  
$C: You didn’t read the article did you? They didn’t sway the election. They meddled. And it was ordered by Putin himself. Trump was told this before he took office and has spent the last week going back and forth on believing Putin denying it. It’s more than Facebook ads, it’s procuring election data, attempting hacking of voting machines, paying for people on the ground to act in bad faith, etc. They hacked the DNC’s email system. That’s not ok no matter what party you belong to. If you don’t care about foreign actors interfering in your country since it didn’t effect you, you don’t actually care about the country, you just care about your team. This is big, this is Trump consistently lying since he took office about Russia. He can have his good relationship with Russia if he wants, but you can’t turn a blind eye to them meddling. At this point he’s shown that as long as they play ball with him, he won’t go after them. 
$C: You can't really quantify the effects of propaganda, but besides that these Russians still committed serious crimes like fraud, money laundering, and ID theft. 

You really ok with letting them off the hook cause your guy won an election?
$C: "i don't understand how it works so it's not true"

"i would side with putin over a democrat"
$C: 'Some Russians just shitposted and made memes - nothingburger!'  


We keep hearing this line being trotted out of T\_D and I can see why you guys think it might be effective in other places. But you know full well that almost anyone on this sub knows the Russian cyber-warfare went far beyond this. At their height during the election campaign they commanded fake GOP Twitter profiles with hundreds of thousands of followers.  


Now of course we know they needn't have bothered with fake GOP accounts, the real GOP were doing half the work for them!
$C: They created entire false PEOPLE to parrot trump talking points and sling shit around. There were popular twitter personalities that were russian bots from top to bottom. If you want to bury you're head in the sand that's fine. It's wrong though.
$C: Maybe take a look at this russian textbook on geo politics:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Foundations_of_Geopolitics

And maybe you should read up on hybrid warefare. Its a thing.

http://www.natolibguides.info/hybridwarfare

And maybe you should consider that the oligarchs money doesnt come from the plagued russian economy. Oligarchs are (like all big money) international. They gained their wealth through exporting natural resources (most notably but not exclusivly), but their coorporations are operating globally. Their spending power depends on the global economy, not the russian. Energy prices have more impact on them than the unemployment rate in russia...
$C: The Russians didn’t sway the election.   They are just trying to divide the American people. If the US has a civil war then their adversary is far less powerful.  

Then fanned the flames.   They are watching the public criticism of trump and laughing.  It is what they want.  

Their meddling was for both candidates.   

When we criticize trump publicly and question his loyalty we are playing right into their hands. 

We are the ones being played.  Not just his supporters.  His opponents too.  
$C: >small amount

Hey. Read more. Y'know? 
$C: Who to trust, the slew of reddit accounts all made in 2017 and the monstrous human rights abuser/torturer Vladimir Putin, or the FBI, CIA, NSA, DOJ, Associated Press, and New York Times? God this is tough!
$C: Why is Trump denying that happened?
$C: Remember the DNC intern Clinton murder story? Yeah, that had some damage, liberals and conservatives ate that up big time.
$C: >the entire election

Do you know how close this election was? It was decided by 100,000 people in the swing states. Do you really not believe that it's possible for 100,000 people to be influenced by propoganda?
$C: More than that dude. Doesn’t matter if you realize it though because our intelligence agencies do. трахаться
$C: [removed]
$C: Hey cultist, take a second to think where your opinion is coming from. 

$C: > revealing truthful emails hacked from the DNC

I love how this is just a-ok with you.  Lol.  Well that pendulum can and surely will swing the other way.
$C: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shelling_of_Mainila 
 
 
Do you admit this or do you deny it?  
 
What does the Russian state media and Kremlin have to say?  
 
 
Hmmm? Cue crickets... 
$C: [deleted]
$C: The party of TRAITORS spent 8 years fight Obama on every little thing. Do you really think the piece of shit TRAITOR McConnell would have done anything to stop our elections from being tampered with? 
$C: > So why didn't Obama do anything about it until after the election?

Mostly because Mitch McConnell refused to issue a bipartisan statement condemning the Russians interference. If Obama had acted unilaterally people on the right would have been screaming "rigged election!".

> Why was Trump shown these briefings when he wasn't even president?

Because he was President-elect. It's pretty common for incoming Presidents to start getting briefings before they assume office so that they don't have to scramble playing catch up on day one.
$C: Obama tried to make a bi-partisan statement. McConnell threatened Obama that if he released it, he would make it seem like Obama was trying to be partisan and affect the election results.

Why aren't you asking why Trump hasn't done anything for almost 2 years?


https://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2018/01/24/580171396/biden-mcconnell-refused-to-sign-bipartisan-statement-on-russian-interference


$C: Obama did, he [expelled Russian diplomats ](https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.theguardian.com/us-news/2016/dec/29/barack-obama-sanctions-russia-election-hack), [sanctioned Russian leaders](https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.usatoday.com/amp/95958472) and even tried to bring both parties together to condemn the attacks. The only reason the last didn’t happen was because [Mitch McConnell was too worried about the Republican Party instead of American democracy. ](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.politico.com/amp/story/2018/01/23/mitch-mcconnell-russia-obama-joe-biden-359531)
$C: What could he have done? Come out and accuse Russia of trying to rig the election in favor of the opposing party's candidate? Based on highly classified evidence he couldn't share with the public? The right would have laughed him out of the room.
$C: What should he have done? Released the *highly classified intelligence* to the public in a move that would be seen as highly partisan as an outgoing president tries to discredit his potential successor of the opposing party? 

Also we don’t don’t know what Obama did. We don’t know if he just sat there and twiddled his thumbs or if he ordered his IC to something. We don’t know.

As to your second questions all President elects receive intelligence briefings on a variety of classified subjects so that they are up to speed when inauguration hits. 
$C: He tried. Ask Mitch McConnell
$C: You gonna reply to anybody that showed you Obama tried to do stuff? I’d like to see what you have to say next. 
$C: > So why didn't Obama do anything about it 

He did. But Mitch The Turtle screeched about how he wasn’t allowed to say anything.
$C: Oh I'm sure you would have been thrilled about him acting on the info at the time.

Not to mention, Mitch McConnell threatened to light a political bag of shit on the Dems doorstep if he went public because of it's implications on the election.
$C: > Why was Trump shown these briefings when he wasn't even president?  

The President-Elect is briefed heavily before his inauguration to both ensure a clean transfer of power and to make sure that they’re ready for the job day one. 
$C: See: Mitch McTurtle
$C: Probably because its a no win situation. Act on it, everyone thinks you are trying to sway the election. The thinking was probably to handle it after the election. Obviously that didnt work out. I do think its pretty funny that the act that Obama may have thought would get him eaten alive by the Republicans, is being done by Putin to praise and applause.
$C: Why has Trump deflected Russia as being our enemy?
$C: This isn't about doing something as much as it is saying something. The fact that he has known for 18 months and still can't admit to it. Why? 
$C: Because he didn’t want to influence the election.  He assumed ( wrongly) that trump or Clinton would do the right thing and it wasn’t worth the backlash

He wrong of I think. But I understand.
$C: He tried to and was stonewalled by McConnell and the GOP the entire way.
$C: What was he supposed to do, call a do-over? 
$C: Why isn’t Trump, THE CURRENT FUCKING POTUS, doing anything about it?
$C: >And **the Obama administration also tried to ask leaders in Congress of both parties to sign a statement condemning these foreign efforts.** The Democratic leaders agreed to do so. The Republican speaker, Paul Ryan, apparently thought that he could get there, **but the majority leader in the Senate, Mitch McConnell, did not agree to do that.** And so, ultimately, there was no public statement until October of 2016, by which time, with the view of history, it may have been too late to do anything about it.

https://www.npr.org/2018/07/15/629281975/fact-check-did-the-obama-administration-respond-to-election-interference-by-russ
$C: There were several articles about the choice to keep the info secret, and in hindsight maybe it was the wrong choice. The reason given as I recall was that if they had made this information public just prior to the inauguration, it could have been used as ammunition by those attempting to politicize the investigation, when the investigation should be kept as neutral as possible in order to maintain public trust in the government. 
$C: Because he made an error?  We all know of his underestimation of Russia.
$C: You got us I guess, Obama was in bed with the Russians the whole time, so he kept it quiet. Why hasn't Trump done anything?
$C: Obama brought in GOP leadership such as Mitch McConnell and they refused to release a joint statement to public informing Americans of the cyberattacks.  Obama was right not to release the info without bipartisan support right before an election.  

McConnell and all the republicans are complicit.  They’ve known the truth all along.  
$C: Honestly I agree with you, I think Obama is a coward for letting this go unchallenged, which unfortunately has been a theme for Democratic leaders and why I want them fucking replaced by Progressives.

Obama for 8 years let Republicans step all over him, because he was too damn afraid of his public image, and his wife has strongly hinted at it.
$C: What should have Obama have done?
$C: > So why didn't Obama do anything about it until after the election?

A bunch of bad faith morons blaming Obama for doing nothing when Obama did something and given the classified nature of the situation, we don't even know what all Obama did. Tired conservative bullshit is tired.
$C: obama wanted to but it would look partisan without republicans on board. 

the better question is why didnt ryan and mcconnell want to do anything? 
$C: Down voted for asking a legit question. 400+ people sticking their heads in the sand lol
$C: You are dramatically uninformed. DENYEVERYTHING13 gave you all the things Obama did, but the simple fact that you don't know that an incoming president gets a security briefing just shows you have no idea what you are talking about. 
$C: he figured hillary would win and didnt want to seem like he was getting involved
$C: We need to focus on who's in power now and who's being corrupt now. Like Trump's complete disregard for foreign and domestic emoluments. He's literally making money off you, the taxpayer.

I don't know about you, but I'm tired of getting kicked around. These assholes are supposed to work for us. Time for some layoffs.
$C: The final President Candidates and the President-Elect get national security briefings, though not as complex as those the actual President gets.
$C: Because he didn’t want to even *appear* that he was putting anything on the scale towards Hilary.
$C: A) you know the answer to that.  And 
B) thats standard practice to fill in the two nominees about national security issues 
$C: That question was answered a long time ago.  It was feared that it would appear that Obama was trying to sway the election one way and it was decided the best action was to initiate sanctions against Russia and not undermine people's faith in the election system.  It turned out to be a bad decision, and one that, I'm sure, many in the Obama administration regret making.

Here's one story [from NPR in February](https://www.npr.org/2018/02/21/587614043/fact-check-why-didnt-obama-stop-russia-s-election-interference-in-2016) and another recentrly[ from The Hill](http://thehill.com/hilltv/rising/397219-author-obama-didnt-want-to-look-political-on-russian-investigation). Though public statements were made about this right after the election as well as long before.  However, and some might say this is rather convenient, every time a story about Russian meddling started to gain traction during the election is was replaced by stories about pussy grabbing or piss tapes.
$C: .
$C: To cite myself:

>Its their whataboutism. Some people apparently still get fooled by their deflection.
>
>Even if Obama was a mass murderer it wouldnt change the facts about Trump.

You people are like little children trying to get away with something because "The other kid did this and that".

$C: It would have seemed like a partisan attack, something that should be avoided in a democracy
$C: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shelling_of_Mainila 
 
 
Do you admit this or do you deny it?  
 
What does the Russian state media and Kremlin have to say?  
 
 
Hmmm? Cue crickets... 
$C: [deleted]
$C: So you didn't read the article... why even comment?
$C: This is the loosest interpretation of click bait I’ve ever seen. Read the article and stop letting your biases prevent you from seeing reality in front of you
$C: >How did the N.Y. times manage get ahold of the information that he was shown “highly classified intelligence”? they just happen to be holding top secret clearances?

You honestly don’t know how National Security reporting works?

Do you seriously want to know, or just trolling?
$C: No. It’s just being ignored.
$C: TRE45ON!
$C: I know, it’s fucking redicilus what this person is saying
$C: We absolutely care about election meddling and the raising of Hillary over Bernie caused a huge rift in the DNC as it should have and a good amount of leadership has changed because of it. This should definitely be looked into, now how does that mean we SHOULDN'T care about the larger election for president and we should just ignore a foreign enemy directing military intelligence assets to attack us? Just because no bombs dropped? It was still an attack on Americans, an attack meant to disrupt not destroy and it is still ongoing with psyops propaganda still going up on social media and regular penetration of major infrastructure including power grids and traffic systems. This is confirmed by every American intelligence agency and many foreign intelligence agencies. At a minimum this would require at the very least reprimanding the government responsible and not defending them wouldn't it? So why is it not just OK but necessary that we ignore it and move on? Just because it benefited one side over the other? Shouldn't it not matter which side received the benefit? Shouldn't this be something that unites us as a country the way it did in WW2 and through the entire cold war? I think a true Patriot would stop at nothing to defend the country from ANYONE that attacks it in ANY way, not just the ones that suit us. And just because rape has happened before doesn't mean rape should be ignored if it happens again so I really dont understand the argument that some meddling happened so we should stop looking into the other meddling argument. Besides, one was done by poor faith Americans and the other was done by a hostile enemy power, very big difference in my mind.
$C: Whataboutism. 

$C: Nothing close to that happened. Russia released some embarrassing (but true) emails of the DNC. That’s it.
$C: He knew all about it, had a secret meeting with Comey the day before(Jan 5th):https://www.wnd.com/2018/02/comey-had-secret-meeting-with-obama-just-before-trump-inauguration/
$C: They hacked the DNC and publicly released documents that damaged Hillary. 

They used illegally obtained data on Americans to target specific voter groups with advertisements.

They likely funded campaigns by funneling money through the NRA.

They installed compromised assets into Trump's campaign and transition team.
$C: In regards to the Russia hack Trump did nothing, but the hack itself got into the DNC servers revealing the DNC’s bias towards Hillary over Bernie Sanders after he was already out of the race, angering many would be Bernie supporters into voting for Trump.
$C: And lots of comments in this thread. 
$C: No, but it does make it far harder to claim it was anything other than collusion.
$C: Nope
$C: [deleted]
$C: [deleted]
$C: The tid-bit of being shown that Putin personally oversaw this IS new. And yet all he does on TV is say “I believe Putin when he says he didn’t do it”. 
$C: I think this is big because it shows trump new about the russian interference and continued to lie about it. It is getting hard to deny trump's dishonesty, even by trump's base supporters.
$C: The last sentence hear really ties the room together.
$C: What is your argument? That you think the media is all conspiring against Trump? Do you not believe the findings of our intelligence agencies? 
$C: intelligence reports have been released in the past, so you can google them if you'd like
$C: https://youtu.be/5_GvRbx5awA
$C: Obama told Trump beforehand and he also wanted to release a joint statement with congressional leaders, but Mitch McConnell refused. Obama didn't want to release the information without bipartisan support because he didn't want it to appear politically motivated. 
$C: It's a long, complicated, and fascinating story from start to finish, but the summary is that Republicans didn't want you to know. 

https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/2017/world/national-security/obama-putin-election-hacking/?hpid=hp_hp-banner-high_russiaobama-banner-7a%3Ahomepage%2Fstory&noredirect=on&utm_term=.e2bfe3680043


$C: The suggestion is that Obama didn't want to appear to be interfering in the electoral process. The indictments suggest that some of these people were being investigated for being possible Russian agents and assets, going back a long time.
$C: Okey

https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/2017/world/national-security/obama-putin-election-hacking/?utm_term=.484d43d65831
$C: Just because it’s becoming public knowledge NOW dsnt mean they aren’t actively engaging Russians on hacking.


$C: https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/1019937442244235265


$C: memes that hypnotized the american public into voting for trump.
$C: Yeah its blatant propaganda, people absolutely dehumanizing anyone who doesn't follow the narrative
$C: Oh, have you people moved on from comparing everything to Harry Potter?
$C: We won't know until it happens.
$C: Don’t the impeachers already know this?
Or are they not briefed on this type of shit?
$C: Probably will have no effect. Just confirming how much trump sucks 
$C: Attempted to do something, was blocked by McConnell, who threatened to make it a partisan issue.
$C: [2 to 1](http://www.nydailynews.com/new-york/ny-bookmakers-gamblers-trump-impeachment-20180717-story.html) if you're betting.
$C: Treason is punishable by death.
$C: >So Russia meddled in the election. And? 

Donald Trumps campaign helped them meddle. 

And Ukraine is who brought Russian meddling efforts within the Trump campaign to our attention, you should be thanking them. 


$C: If you fine with Russia stealing American citizens' identities to fund these activities, committing conspiracy against the United States, and hacking State election systems, then you are as much of a traitor to the United States as Donald Trump is.
$C: Genuinely curious, do you know of any citations about the involvement of Ukraine and the DNC?
$C: Very angry or what?
$C: True, but now it's proven without a doubt to be true. Unlike conservatives, we don't like to yell shit unless it's actually true.
$C: 300? Try 500,000 in swing states, whose IDs were stolen.
$C: They apparently stole the info of 500,000 voters in swing states and used it to target them with social media ads. From what we know, the hackers alsp purged some of the ppl on voting rolls, preventing ppl from voting. Who knows what else...
$C: They also laundered millions into the country and bought fraudulent political ads with stolen IDs they bought of some American dude.
$C: Among other things they used illegally collected data on Americans  to target specific voter groups in order to get them to vote for Trump.  
$C: The Russians paid for Facebook ads for both Trump and Clinton.
$C: Some sources probably felt the need to come out after his latest stints. 
$C: Because it implies the election was stolen by Trump. Truth is he won because we like his policies. If it came out after the end of the election it would have been on Obamas watch, coming out later makes it seem it all happened during Trump's term keeping Obama safe from scrutiny. We found out the Hillary and the DNC fucked over Bernie. Splintered the Democrats. Now we've found out Clinton campaign was funneled 400 million dollars through Russia tax free. Putin likely has a shit ton of dirt on the scum in DC. Putin has the Intel to drain the swamp. Trump has the will, Putin has the way. This is why the calls for impeachment are getting louder. Trump is about to expose some shit that could change the course of our country and they are scared shitless. 
$C: True, there's nothing here that we haven't known for months.  It's just that Trump is doing a breathtakingly bad job of lying, even by Trump standards.  We're all used to Trump and the Republicans in general feeding us obvious bullshit with a perfectly straight face.  But it's another thing to stand on the world stage, next to his lord and master, and continue to blatantly lie instead of just saying shit of no substance like any good leader would.  Then deny having lied, then going right back to lying, in practically one breath.
$C: Since Obama was preceded by Bush and seceded by Trump, I think Obama will go down in History like Kennedy or Teddy Roosevelt.
$C: Read it lol, try harder
$C: No that came from the political side of the Bush Administration. The intelligence community actually counseled against it. 
$C: Pence Becomes president :/
$C: Definitely. It it turns out to be true, this is absolutely treason and Trump should be tried for it. 
$C: He wants to be oppositional that’s why.....last 6 US presidents hated NK and Russian leaders? He wants to be known as the president who was different. 
$C: Because Obama put the Magnitsky Act in to effect which sanctioned and tied up all the Russian Oligarchs and their dirty money.

Hillary would have continued this policy. Trump is potentially more malleable...
$C: Because they want what’s better for Russia. 
$C: because their geopolitical strategy is to sow dischord to destroy western democracy 
$C: Basically, Russia wants to fuck over the US because they believe that by tearing the US down they can rise to the occasion and take our place.  Trump is an excellent tool for this.
$C: So long as Republicans control congress Trump will face no consequences.
$C: It means we all have a traitorous orange piece of garbage for a president. 
$C: Before inauguration dude was given highly classified intel that Putin ordered hacking and since then has been casting doubt about Russian involvement in attack.
$C: The President has told us all repeatedly that there was no interference from Russia.

This means we have proof that him saying it was a lie. It was pretty obviously a lie before, but we didn't have hard proof.
$C: Jefferson was a tyrant and an asshole.

And he was wrong.  (most of) The very people so adamant about guns are the very people with the strongest fascist tendencies.
$C: >In March, the Department of Homeland Security declared that Russia was  targeting the American electric power grid, continuing to riddle it with malware that could be used to manipulate or shut down critical control systems. Intelligence officials have described it to Congress as a chief threat to American security.

...

>Christopher A. Wray, the F.B.I. director, also stood firm.

>“The intelligence community’s assessment has not changed,” Mr. Wray said on Wednesday at the Aspen Security Forum. “My view has not changed, which is that Russia attempted to interfere with the last election and continues to engage in malign influence operations to this day.”


$C: You could always read the indictment from last Friday?
$C: What are up talking about? The investigation started on his watch. 
$C: Of all the stupid retorts you people use blaming Obama is by far my favorite.
$C: https://www.npr.org/2018/07/15/629281975/fact-check-did-the-obama-administration-respond-to-election-interference-by-russ
$C: Irrelevant question. 
$C: No, I don't think Reddit has a gold spray paint option.
$C: If everyone who says "I don't think anyone will be storming the streets" actually took to the streets, there would be a lot of people protesting. And those movements grow. Go protest at your statehouse or nearest governmental building.  


I'm currently several thousand miles from the nearest US government building, or else I'd be out in front of it too.
$C: You didn’t read the article then.
$C: THE CIA HAS AN INFORMANT THAT WAS ABLE TO CONFIRM RUSSIA'S INTENTIONS. THEY HAVE SOMEONE CLOSE TO PUTIN AND WAS ABLE TO CONFIRM IT WAS A DIRECT ORDER. THIS INTELLIGENCE WAS RELAYED TO TRUMP. HE KNEW. HE LIED. HES A FUCKING TRAITOR. 
$C: >**the Obama administration also tried to ask leaders in Congress of both parties to sign a statement condemning these foreign efforts.** The Democratic leaders agreed to do so. The Republican speaker, Paul Ryan, apparently thought that he could get there, **but the majority leader in the Senate, Mitch McConnell, did not agree to do that.** And so, ultimately, there was no public statement until October of 2016, by which time, with the view of history, it may have been too late to do anything about it.

https://www.npr.org/2018/07/15/629281975/fact-check-did-the-obama-administration-respond-to-election-interference-by-russ
$C: Yep, and his response wasn't nearly strong enough. Doesn't excuse Trump's constant denial of the facts, though. Not at all. The whole "but but but what about Obama" argument is just classic whataboutism. Obama can't do anything about it now, Trump can, and he refuses to.
$C: Oooh. I hope it's like Heroes. I called that one.
$C: How is this story “attacking Trump?” Because he looks like a piece of shit traitor?
$C: Lol. 
$C: Case closed people, go home and watch your reality shows.
$C: At least you're being honest about who you play ball for.
$C: Impeachment hearings have to start in the House of Representatives and then get confirmed in the Senate. Republicans control both of them right now and they've made sure impeachment proceedings never even get to the floor of the House to be voted on. 

This is primarily because Republican voters LOVE Trump. His approval rating among them is ~90%, it's only increased since he took office. Congressional Republicans want to be reelected so they have all fallen in line behind Trump and will continue to support him no matter what. They've seen what happens when they don't; he starts angrily tweeting about them and his irate mob of supporters kill their election chances. There's a zero percent chance Republicans will change course. They've tied themselves to the ship so if he goes down they go down too.
$C: Republicans fear that if they remove Trump from power that millions of Trump's voters will turn on them. They've put their party above the country. 
$C: It's not complicated. Republicans control both houses of Congress and are willing to put up with literally anything in order to pass ghoulish legislation and stack the courts with conservative judges.
$C: If you read the article, you'll discover that nothing is apparent, other than trump was briefed early on in his presidency, and they allegedly told him that russia might've done something to influence the election. Maybe advertising, bots, troll accounts... who knows? They don't say. But they don't specify that he was actually involved in any of it, just that he knew it was a possibility.
$C: https://www.npr.org/2018/02/21/587614043/fact-check-why-didnt-obama-stop-russia-s-election-interference-in-2016
$C: there has been a concerted effort on the part of russian intelligence agencies to destabilize the united states by fueling outrage on both the left and the right. trump was of course perfect for that agenda.
$C: Because Russia has compromising info on him which they can use for leverage or because he is consciously choosing to work with them for their mutual benefit. One or both of these things are true.
$C: No.
$C: Nobody would care. 
$C: Fact check *everything*. Some of the sneakiest fake news is where the facts are only slightly off. And it’s targeted at specific individuals in certain ways; customized per person. Typically by confirming existing biases existing in that person. Which makes it easier to manipulate a person, who then spreads the fake narrative to their naive audience of family and friends. 

It’s a psychological/digital attack or war, imo. And something we hopefully adapt to quickly. 
$C: 74 different people gave that person what is called “Reddit gold” which they bought with their own money and gives you extra features on Reddit, each gold is a month of premium content so this person got 74 whole months of premium content GIFTED, Reddit Gold is used to encourage the poster for posting more of the same stuff they posted or highlight a really good quality post or news story or in this case, to make this news article seem more important (which it is, 74 reddit gold is VERY rare, you see someone get over 4 reddit gold for a post and you’re like, “wow holy shit, that’s a lot of money these people spent for this comment”)
$C: Each gold costs $4 IIRC. It basically gives a month of Reddit premium to the user and gives more attention to a post or comment. 

There’s a comment with 2265 golds...
$C: Ok. Let's say all the above is true. I'll play devils advocate.

What does trump get out of staying quiet? What does trump get out of denial? 

If he had concrete proof it was Hilary, why hasn't he chucked the book at her. Especially now, when all the guns are pointing at him.

In your hypothetical, he is the man in the know. So why did he deny it, hide it and keep quiet about it. In reverse order. 
$C: You mean Obama who kicked out several Russian diplomats and enacted sanctions?
$C: Obama. Who did things about it, before Trump undid those things. How short your memory is
$C: Who has the power to do something about it right now?
$C: You sound so concerned 
$C: Yes, because Russia only has the best interests of the USA at heart.  They knew Trump would be such a great president that they spent their own resources to help ensure that America would prosper.  Russians, the true patriots.
$C: Party before country right?
$C: Hillary would have been completely fine. Her policies and stances are all mundane center-left positions.

Trump is the most incompetent president we're ever had.
$C: Haha,  unbelievable that anyone can accept this because it is "their guy"... just a microcosm of how sorry humans really can be I guess
$C: The founding fathers would like a word with you 

http://avalon.law.yale.edu/18th_century/fed68.asp

>The Mode of Electing the President 
>From the New York Packet. 
>Friday, March 14, 1788.

>HAMILTON


>**These most deadly adversaries of republican government** might naturally have been expected to make their approaches from more than one querter, **but chiefly from the desire in foreign powers to gain an improper ascendant in our councils. How could they better gratify this, than by raising a creature of their own to the chief magistracy of the Union? But the convention have guarded against all danger of this sort, with the most provident and judicious attention**. They **have not made the appointment of the President to depend on any preexisting bodies of men, who might be tampered with beforehand to prostitute their votes; but they have referred it in the first instance to an immediate act of the people of America, to be exerted in the choice of persons for the temporary and sole purpose of making the appointment. And they have excluded from eligibility to this trust, all those who from situation might be suspected of too great devotion to the President in office. **No senator, representative, or other person holding a place of trust or profit under the United States, can be of the numbers of the electors. Thus without corrupting the body of the people, **the immediate agents in the election will at least enter upon the task free from any sinister bias. **Their transient existence, and their detached situation, already taken notice of, afford a satisfactory prospect of their continuing so, to the conclusion of it. The business of corruption, when it is to embrace so considerable a number of men, requires time as well as means. Nor would it be found easy suddenly to embark them, dispersed as they would be over thirteen States, in any combinations founded upon motives, which though they could not properly be denominated corrupt, might yet be of a nature to mislead them from their duty.

And this


>The process of election affords a moral certainty, that** the office of President will never fall to the lot of any man who is not in an eminent degree endowed with the requisite qualifications. Talents for low intrigue, and the little arts of popularity, may alone suffice to elevate a man to the first honors in a single State; but it will require other talents, and a different kind of merit, to establish him in the esteem and confidence of the whole Union, or of so considerable a portion of it as would be necessary to make him a successful candidate for the distinguished office of President of the United States. **It will not be too strong to say, that there will be a constant probability of seeing the station filled by characters pre-eminent for ability and virtue. And this will be thought no inconsiderable recommendation of the Constitution, by those who are able to estimate the share which the executive in every government must necessarily have in its good or ill administration. **Though we cannot acquiesce in the political heresy of the poet who says: "For forms of government let fools contest That which is best administered is best,'' yet we may safely pronounce, that the true test of a good government is its aptitude and tendency to produce a good administration.**


So if you desire to be a true patriot please recognize that our sovereignty isn’t for sale. Not for any candidate. Not for any reason. 

Stand up for your country. Be a patriot. 

Edit : 
Thomas Jefferson 

https://jeffersonpapers.princeton.edu/selected-documents/thomas-jefferson-philip-mazzei-0

>The aspect of our politics has wonderfully changed since you left us. **In place of that noble love of liberty and republican government which carried us triumphantly thro' the war, an Anglican, monarchical and aristocratical party has sprung up, whose avowed object is to draw over us the substance as they have already done the forms of the British government. The main body of our citizens however remain true to their republican principles, the whole landed interest is with them,[2] and so is a great mass of talents. Against us are the Executive, the Judiciary, two out of three branches of the legislature, all of the officers of the government, all who want to be officers, all timid men who prefer the calm of despotism to the boisterous sea of liberty, British merchants and Americans trading on British capitals, speculators and holders in the banks and public funds a contrivance invented for the purposes of corruption and for assimilating us in all things, to the rotten as well as the sound parts of the British model**. It would give you a fever were I to name to you the apostates who have gone over to these heresies, men who were[3] Samsons in the field and Solomons in the council, but who have had their heads shorn by the harlot England. **In short we are likely to preserve the liberty we have obtained only by unremitting labors and perils. But we shall preserve them, and our mass of weight and wealth on the good side is so great as to leave no danger that force will ever be attempted against us. **We have only to awake and snap the Lilliputian cords with which they have been entangling us during the first sleep which succeeded our labors.—I will forward the testimonial of the death of Mrs. Mazzei which I can do the more 


Washington’s farewell address
http://avalon.law.yale.edu/18th_century/washing.asp

>While, then, every part of our country thus feels an immediate and particular interest in union, all the parts combined cannot fail to find in the united mass of means and efforts greater strength, greater resource, **proportionably greater security from external danger, a less frequent interruption of their peace by foreign nations**; and, what is of inestimable value, they must derive from union an exemption from those broils and wars between themselves, which so frequently afflict neighboring countries not tied together by the same governments, which their own rival ships alone would be sufficient to produce, but which opposite foreign alliances, attachments, and intrigues would stimulate and embitter. **Hence, likewise, they will avoid the necessity of those overgrown military establishments which, under any form of government, are inauspicious to liberty, and which are to be regarded as particularly hostile to republican liberty. In this sense it is that your union ought to be considered as a main prop of your liberty, and that the love of the one ought to endear to you the preservation of the other.**

>These considerations speak a persuasive language to every reflecting and virtuous mind, and exhibit the continuance of the Union as a primary object of patriotic desire. Is there a doubt whether a common government can embrace so large a sphere? Let experience solve it. To listen to mere speculation in such a case were criminal. We are authorized to hope that a proper organization of the whole with the auxiliary agency of governments for the respective subdivisions, will afford a happy issue to the experiment. It is well worth a fair and full experiment. With such powerful and obvious motives to union, affecting all parts of our country, while experience shall not have demonstrated its impracticability, **there will always be reason to distrust the patriotism of those who in any quarter may endeavor to weaken its bands.**

>**In contemplating the causes which may disturb our Union, it occurs as matter of serious concern that any ground should have been furnished for characterizing parties by geographical discriminations, Northern and Southern, Atlantic and Western; whence designing men may endeavor to excite a belief that there is a real difference of local interests and views. One of the expedients of party to acquire influence within particular districts is to misrepresent the opinions and aims of other districts. **You cannot shield yourselves too much against the jealousies and heartburnings which spring from these misrepresentations; **they tend to render alien to each other those who ought to be bound together by fraternal affection**. The inhabitants of our Western country have lately had a useful lesson on this head; they have seen, in the negotiation by the Executive, and in the unanimous ratification by the Senate, of the treaty with Spain, and in the universal satisfaction at that event, throughout the United States, a decisive proof how unfounded were the suspicions propagated among them of a policy in the General Government and in the Atlantic States unfriendly to their interests in regard to the Mississippi; they have been witnesses to the formation of two treaties, that with Great Britain, and that with Spain, which secure to them everything they could desire, in respect to our foreign relations, towards confirming their prosperity. Will it not be their wisdom to rely for the preservation of these advantages on the Union by which they were procured ? **Will they not henceforth be deaf to those advisers, if such there are, who would sever them from their brethren and connect them with aliens?**
$C: You do realize Russia accomplished this by making America believe Hillary would be an awful president, right? They literally used micro targeting and psychosocial warfare techniques to get Americans to hate her. How can you be certain their efforts had no effect on your opinion of her? 
$C: I'm sure you'll be the first to screaming about it if it happens to be the Democrats that Putin favors next time.
$C: Putin is president. 
$C: Fucking disturbing that you’re praising a foreign nation for meddling in our elections. You’re anti democracy if that’s truly how you think
$C: I love comments like yours. 

They tell me that I have one less person to compete with for survival, employment, etc. 
$C: Says the guy who probably would not know any fucking difference either way. Just likes being on team “winning.” 
$C: 7/15/2016... hmmm
$C: Its took simple google search. you probably wont read it but it has the answer to your quesiton. https://www.npr.org/2018/07/15/629281975/fact-check-did-the-obama-administration-respond-to-election-interference-by-russ
$C: Instead, Obama officials chose another course of action after becoming frustrated that Republican leaders on Capitol Hill would not endorse a bipartisan statement condemning Russian interference and fearful that any unilateral action by them would feed then candidate Donald Trump’s claims that the election was rigged. They chose a private “stern” warning by Obama to Russian President Vladimir Putin at a summit in China in early September 2016 to stop his country’s campaign to disrupt the U.S. election.

Obama officials were also worried that a vigorous cyber response along the lines Daniel had proposed could escalate into a full scale cyber war. And, they have since argued, they believed that the president’s warning had some impact, noting — as Daniel did in his testimony — that they saw some tamping down in Russian probing of state election data systems after Obama’s private talk with Putin.

Stop spreading misinformation.
$C: https://www.washingtonexaminer.com/news/obamas-cybersecurity-coordinator-confirms-susan-rice-ordered-stand-down-russian-meddling-2016-election

Because they issued a stand down order. 

Oops
$C: Hey guys look! Another dummy that thinks Obama didn’t do anything. 
$C: What did Trump do about it? Do you consider Trump a pushover based on the action he took?
$C: Idiot 
$C: So if Obama was a pushover for not doing anything, what does that make Trump? Oh right, a push over. Daddy Putin wouldn't like it if Trump could think for himself. 
$C: Because Mitch The Turtle said he wasn’t allowed to say anything.
$C: Because Mitch McConnell and paul Ryan said they'd raise hell and say the Democrats were lying and trying to sway and election if he did that....
$C: Who is more to blame, the police officer for not stopping the crime, or the criminals for committing the crime?
$C: Why does Obama have anything to do with the fact that trump is playing us into Russian hands? Did Obama want to lift sanctions on russia? Did he defend their bad actions? Did he deny that they did things in bad faith? All you have is this weird right wing propaganda that he should have "done something" but he "didnt"
$C: **And the Obama administration also tried to ask leaders in Congress of both parties to sign a statement condemning these foreign efforts.** The Democratic leaders agreed to do so. The Republican speaker, Paul Ryan, apparently thought that he could get there, **but the majority leader in the Senate, Mitch McConnell, did not agree to do that.** And so, ultimately, there was no public statement until October of 2016, by which time, with the view of history, it may have been too late to do anything about it.

https://www.npr.org/2018/07/15/629281975/fact-check-did-the-obama-administration-respond-to-election-interference-by-russ
$C: If Trump doesn't do anything about it then he's doing the same thing as Obama. Sometimes you have to do the hard thing because no one was brave enough to do it before. 

Would you believe me if I told you I'd rather see Trump turn himself around and actually be an unstoppable force than be impeached? Because I would, but hiding behind "Obama didn't do it why should I" or "Hillary did much worse" or whatever is just cowardice. Do better, stop back tracking and referring to people who aren't the current president, and grow a pair. Criticising your preferred candidate is the American way, because no one should hold him to higher scrutiny than his biggest advocates. But you guys give off this vibe that criticism or different thought is treason. I don't know why any human would want to affiliate with a group that restricts criticism of its leader. For example: I shit all over Obama when ACA passed, but Trump is likely going to make it worse for people with pre-existing conditions. 

If you're cool with Trump not getting involved or 
trying to fix this issue, then you're cool with the issue in general and how it came to be. It's ironic that undoing Obama's legacy is sort of the Right's whole schtick, but in this case you're happy to let Trump follow Obama's precedent.

$C: [removed]
$C: Who was spying on him? 
$C: lol u dumb
$C: Spying for what?
$C: Gonna need some non-pronoun nouns to understand who the fuck your'e even talking about. Otherwise this is just word soup.
$C: you do know who sanders voted for right? the same person as all of us who value country over party
$C: Sad. 
$C: I can't wait tbh. We think these people are losing their minds now, I can't imagine what crazy shit they'll come up with to explain how to God emporer won twice. 
$C: Did you even read it or are you just criticizing NYT in general
$C: Fuck off troll

$C: Wow, you’re retarded. Trump was shown evidence of who was to blame and he’s been knowingly lying about since. This is fucked. 
$C: Hilarious from somebody who posts in r/walkaway
$C: Sorry, I’ll go find you a Gateway Pundit version of the story.
$C: You're rooting for a mob boss
$C: Okay
$C: DNC and GOV ELITISTS equal AUTHORITARIANISM.
$C: [TRE45ON](https://www.redbubble.com/people/shirtfully/works/33037906-tre45on?asc=u)
$C: He did. 
$C: Obama attempted to make it public as a bipartisan statement and McConnell threatened him. Please. Stop.
$C: [deleted]
$C: wow! 3 months! What took you so long to join reddit?
$C: http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2018/07/19/trump-was-briefed-about-putins-meddling-role-2-weeks-before-taking-office-report.html
$C: Yup.
$C: Where's the source listed? Yeahhhh....
$C: How do you think we anti-cheetos feel?
$C: >They have to keep making up new salacious scandals lest the public turn attention to their real scandals. 

^

$C: https://imgur.com/a/ScrMekF
$C: The Justice Department and FBI very clearly warned the states about the necessity of increasing their security infrastructure in the lead up to the 2016 elections, but the Obama administration didn't want to publicly come out and say that Russia was actively helping Trump as it would appear political in nature and like they were helping Hillary. Everybody assumed that Hillary was going to win anyway and that they could clear the water after her win without having to soil the "clean exchange of power" by seemingly messing with an upcoming election. Republicans would have shit the bed would Obama have come out claimed that Russians were trying to influence the election in favor of Trump, and now they're blaming Obama for not saying anything during that period. There's no winning here.
$C: Yes Obama was aware of this. And he tried to do something about it but he was stonewalled by McConnell. During the transition, Comey and other high level officials went to Trump Tower to brief Donald on the Russian interference, which is what this article is referring to. At this time, Comey also privately notified Trump of the Steele dossier and its contents (pee pee tape, etc). We did not hear about it sooner because it was classified at the time. This is the first I am hearing of Putin's direct involvement. My guess is new leaks of classified information are coming out given the events that have transpired in the last few weeks. 
$C: Throughout his presidency Trump has repeatedly denied that any meddling took place. He deliberately covered for the Russians and made it more difficult to investigate them. It's pretty obvious that he has something to hide.
$C: The purpose of the investigation is not "to find out whether or not the two men (ie trump and putin) conspired with each other to rig the election", because that would be ridiculous. You're suggesting that these two people needed to have been in direct contact, and planning in unison, for any significant crime to occur? Are you serious? 

The investigation was tasked with finding the extent of *russian interference in the presidential election of 2016*. It is well within the scope of the investigation to indict any official who's obstructed Mueller's probe. Thank god the investigation doesn't give a fuck about what you "care" about.
$C: Oh boy
$C: You don't care that Trump has lied on Russia's behalf while simultaneously attacking his own intelligence agency, all the while granting Russia concession after concession? Dare I ask why?
$C: He does most of his shit through a normal unencrypted phone, I am very sure that there is dirt captured from that.
$C: Well... *No. Shit.*

Do you wipe your ass after a poop and stop at red lights too?
$C: [deleted]
$C: [deleted]
$C: What sound does a troll make?
$C: http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2018/07/19/trump-was-briefed-about-putins-meddling-role-2-weeks-before-taking-office-report.html
$C: The important part is not that the influence happened, necessarily, but that Trump has lied about it all this time. The question you should be asking is, "What does Trump gain by telling people Putin and Russia did not influence the election when he knows they did?"
$C: Yes, you are indeed confused.

The issue here is not whether Russia's actions were responsible for Trump winning or not. The issue is that Russia LIKELY acted with Trump's knowledge or at his request.

If Trump and Russia cooperated on Trump getting elected and Trump is now President it means that he is currently in bed with them either by choice or by force. 

This is not just corruption. This is the President being controlled by a foreign power.
$C: This November will be the turning point in our nation.
$C: Hi, American here. I protest, I vote, I donate to candidates in red states (and live in a blue one), I engage with my legislators even if it is to thank them, and I read the news every day. People are doing their jobs at this more than you realize, and it’s still happening. 
$C: What am I supposed to "do" about this"news"?
$C: So you’re brainwashed?
$C: Pence is more than likely also involved.  *Especially* since Manafort was the one who recommended him to Trump.
$C: The key here seems to be Wray's statement that their view has not changed.  If that's the case the best primer of a sort for you to learn what was done was the [Senate Intelligence Committee Hearing](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1BaKrbStL7U).

Short answer: "releasing fake articles".  But it seems very likely you are deeply underestimating the sophistication and the successful impact of Russia's active measure campaign.

Since that hearing, however, [a whistleblower](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reality_Winner) leaked some intel suggestion widespread attempts from Russia to hack into state level election officials/systems/etc.  There have been some reports about that sort of thing since then... suggestive that Russia may have been trying to bump people off the rolls moreso than changing votes.  But to date, the only state publicly documented to have been hacked was Illinois... not exactly a swing state.

The most recent turn of "interference" is the supposition that quite a lot of money was funneled from Russia through the NRA and into the GOP coffers.  So not just fake articles defaming Hillary.  But lots of additional advertising for lots of Republican candidates.  This is related to the recent arrest of that one Russian spy and FEC complaints against the NRA.

In short, Russia's efforts were comprehensive, widespread and sophisticated.
$C: well one thing was hacking and releasing the dnc emails.
$C: except the Steele dossier has proven to be true...at least thus far.
$C: You misspelled Trump.
$C: You are a real Patriot. We need more Americans like this.
$C: ^ the reason not to vote Libertarian.
$C: It did not name the sources but cited 12 people who were either at the briefing or had the security clearance to be briefed on it afterwards. 

If it isn't true I'm sure the 4 intelligence leaders named will make a statement. NYTimes does have a policy of having editors verify sources however. 
$C: But y'all gotta ask ourselves did we really want free elections
$C: 3 more million americans said yes.
$C: Yes
$C: Trump is a Russian puppet.
$C: Or maybe his supporters are in the minority. Huh. When nearly the whole world disagrees with Trump, including more than half of his own country. Yeah. Something like this gets a lot of attention. Don't be obtuse. 
$C: > Did he cheat with Russia's help? NO! A thousand times no! Never any real evidence proving otherwise.

I see what you're arguing, and I truly do appreciate you explaining your viewpoint instead of forcing others to assume your reasoning. 


I am being completely sincere in that, while claiming this to be a "smoking gun" is a lie, this incident is unlike any other of the many incidents Donald Trump has been involved in since his presidency. 


This isn't poor wording, or being overly confident and lacking empathy that was previously expected. This isn't disrespectful or insulting or hypocritical. 


Donald Trump lied. I think this, more than any other example of controversy Donald Trump has been involved in, is an objective lie. It wasn't behind closed doors or "supposed", and it wasn't about something minor. Donald Trump lied about Russia's influence on the 2016 election. 


I think the popularity of this post has more to do with how this case *stands out*, as oppose to it being even the beginning of any downfall. 
$C: I would not be the least bit surprised if /r/worldnews was David Brock's new home base. The comments here make /r/politics look somewhat tolerable.
$C: You have to be the dumbest motherfucker alive. Literally every high level person in his campaign has been shown to have shady ties to Russia, even his son was doing illegal shit with Russian spies, one of which a notable expert in hacking campaigns, in Trump tower, and then Trump dictated lies about it for the press statement. Trump taking a question from a "random Russian in the audience" at the start of his campaign, giving a clearly rehearsed answer about Russian sanctions, the same redheaded Russian woman who was arrested 2 days ago for infiltrating the NRA and Christian-Right organizations as a Russian spy. But sure, Trump is innocent. Moron
$C: even if it is there is good reason no sane person would want a leader like that glad im not American
$C: Go back to TD and circle jerk with the other racists.
$C: "My car is missing.  Give me one shred of proof that it was flown out of here in a helicopter.  No?  Well then, given that the most difficult and complex process of stealing my car *didn't* happen, I'm going to ignore all the other glaring alternatives."
$C: They messed with voter registries.
$C: Fucking google it and use your brain. If you can't see it, then nobody here is going to convince you. 
$C: The United ones.
$C: Treason is a *Federal* crime, yo.
$C: Liar.
$C: what "election fraud" do you refer to that you can be charged with a crime?
$C: A smart idiot can do more damage than a dumb one.
$C: She may have been a corrupt piece of shit, but she certainly wouldn’t have let Russia continue to undermine our democracy and attack our country, I’ll tell you that. 

This is why Russia attacked us like this in the first place, Clinton was their worst nightmare. 
$C: But Hillary! The lies worked on you.
$C: wait, you mean the President of the United States wasn't giving out *highly classified* information in interviews?  The hell you say....
$C: We don’t have some missing links between humans and some of our biological ancestors. That doesn’t disprove the theory of evolution. 

Not knowing how the Russians fed emails to Wikileaks (mere months after the attacks) is not incompatible with know that the Russians attacked us. 
$C: Consortium news is lying. They’re a Kremlin disinformation conduit. 
$C: The fact that Trump is still alive is probably the best evidence that exists that US intelligence services have not been responsible for any attempts (successful or otherwise) on a president.
$C: No need. They've had this dirt on Trump since day -2. There are many ways to remove him nonviolently, and the most democratic of all is to gradually release this stuff in a way that people remember when they vote in November.
$C: He did and that’s not good. Now trump had a chance to fix it .. isn’t that what you bigots wanted trump to do? To be better? Why do you guys always say “he did the same thing” so what was the point of voting for the asshat if he’s just as “corrupt “. 
So why didn’t trump fix it or condone? Why fire everyone that was telling him? 
$C: Because of Trump's behavior towards our allies, his always sticking up for Putin, and continuously trying to impede the Russia investigation. Now we know he has known Putin was personally involved in interfering with our democracy his entire presidency. 
$C: The warmongers are worried that if US and Russia have better relations it might lead to a withdrawal from the middle east (Syria). So they're flooding this place with "orange man bad" stories to sell perpetual war. Normal day really.
$C: You could... I dunno, read the fucking article or ya know.... Google it and use your brain to process the information. 
$C: You’re a liar.
$C: Why are you apologizing for Trump?
$C: Hope so
$C: They're getting fat sacks of cash from the NRA, so do they really care?
$C: So you’re complaining that info of legitimate interest to the American public, showing the current administration is actively lying was “leaked” and is gossip?
$C: I too, would be interested... I'm not American, and nor am I taking a side, but something stronger than anecdotes would be intriguing. Because this narrative doesn't make a lot of logical sense to me.
$C: Who gives a shit about how well someone else has sex
$C: Russia isn't remotely the most powerful country in the world. What decade are you living in?

And yes, she was the better option.
$C: Proof of what exactly?
$C: http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2018/07/19/trump-was-briefed-about-putins-meddling-role-2-weeks-before-taking-office-report.html
$C: Read the article 
$C: Another brianwashed republican. Im glad to be a caring liberal to my country. Im voting democrat 2020 so fucking hard
$C: >"Please stop showing Trump as a lying sack of shit you're gonna make me cry"

FTFY
$C: New York Times is a credible source. Only trump supporters and “enlightened” Reddit centrists think otherwise. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: Whoosh
$C: You should perhaps check the status of those sanctions, buddy.
$C: Name one good article about trump 
$C: Lolls ok buddy, do some reading on this first
$C: lol troll
$C: He couldn't otherwise he'd come off as trying to manipulate the election himself. Hold a press conference and say - hey everyone the Russians want Trump to win, I've been told stuff by intel. Instead he had to let the people do their thing and hope the overall effect wasn't significant (something we'll never know).
$C: Read the article 
$C: Neither.
$C: The article does not suggest that Russia hacked the actual election process. They instead only influenced the American public to vote a certain way or abstain from voting.

The votes cast were almost certainly all legitimate.
$C: I just don't understand why trump would talk nonstop about the elections being rigged if he was colluding with the Russians to win. It's so much bologna. Red scare 2018
$C: Libshitards will ignore this. 
$C: Well with that attitude.
$C: Google it and find out, it's 2018 bro
$C: No, he said that the integrity of the vote couldn’t be easily compromised. Nobody is disputing that. An election can certainly be interferes with, though. 

And what could Obama do? If he had come out and said “Russia is helping Trump” Trump supporters would have gone nuts and the conspiracy-theorist-in-chief would have egged them on. He tried getting a bipartisan statement, but McConnel told him to fuck off. He confronted Putin. What else could he have done?
$C: Remember he informed the Republicans of the threat and their response was that if he mentioned it they would do a full on attack of it as a political tactic to discredit their candidate.

So as the democrats were on their way to wining, remember they did win the popular vote, the President did nothing.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Fuck this rule. 
$C: Oh fuck off
$C: This is probably the most condescending and pointless AutoMod of all the mainstream subs. How about providing at least short instructions on how to archive an article and use that link instead of being utterly pointless? Or is it too much to ask of an AutoMod bot to actually serve its purpose and be useful instead of telling users not to upvote?
$C: Right Click, Open in Incognito Window.  
$C: monday dude, you just have to remember back to monday
$C: I agree man, soon it's gonna be(comrade's) hail mother Russia
$C: We should thank our lucky stars for Wikileaks exposing Hillary and the DNC 
$C: No, it isn't. Following a traitor is though. We need to care about country before party. 
$C: No, it isn't. It's a political ideology different to yours. And no, it isn't explicitly pro Trump. It's a political ideology different to yours, just as legitimate as yours is whether you like it or not.

Deal with it.
$C: We need the Republican party in this country. We just don't need this president or anybody who follows him. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: It was at the time. We have heard testimony in Congress since then giving us the information about Russian interference. This briefing was a year and a half ago. 
$C: So now the sanctions are nothing? 
$C: do more homework. Obama administration reached out to the 'Gang of 8' and shared all the information they had in early September. Obama administration asked Mitch McConnell to sign onto a statement condemning Russia's actions and proposed a joint press conference. Republicans refused to sign onto it, stonewalled the administration, basically said fuck off. As a result Obama would have been left on his own to address the nation without being able to substantiate the news with hard evidence because they needed to protect their sources. All this while Trump was running around like an asshole screaming the election was rigged AGAINST him. Just imagine what would have happened if Obama went out in public with no congressional support having his hands tied behind his back evidence wise and said Russia is conducting the most devastating attack on our country since 9/11 to help elect Donald Trump....
$C: You want the government to stop something that already happened?
$C: Republican obstruction, of course, as always. If you're talking about Obama he was held hostage by Repubs in congress, threatening to turn it into a partisan issue if Obama did anything close to the election about Russias attempts to help Donny.
$C: And Mitch McConnell shut it all down. 
https://www.politico.com/story/2018/01/23/mitch-mcconnell-russia-obama-joe-biden-359531
$C: [removed]
$C: You looking for this??

[Inside story: How Russians hacked the Democrats’ emails](https://www.apnews.com/dea73efc01594839957c3c9a6c962b8a)
$C: its almost like our president working with a foreign power willingly or unwillingly to the detriment of the American people is a big deal or something. 
$C: It’s not obsession if the head of state is accused of such heinous crimes - it’s completely acceptable to follow this story to its conclusion, whether or not Trump is guilty of treason. 
$C: i don't really think that is a fair statement, I know plenty of "republican" Americans, and they are some of the kindest open minded people i know. 
Its close mindedness like your statement that got you guys into this mess. stop acting as political parties and start acting as Americans as a whole.
$C: Wow great job making people decide to vote democrat, your words sure changed their minds!
$C: Probably the ones Donald calls fake but at the same time talks shit about them for leaking. 
$C: NYT's reporting references a dozen persons "familiar with" this issue. Many are "high-ups" in the intelligence agencies and those ho aren't are adjacent, all in the know. They are on background, but that is how it goes when you are dealing with unprecedented treasony stuff. Good luck over there in T_D. That place must have some wild conversations. 
$C: Actually it is 
$C: Go back to Siberia
$C: So? He might have fucked up, too. But what does that change about Mr. Trump's behavior?
$C: T_D: B-b-but we hack other countries so that means we have a duty to roll over and take it when it happens to us. Donald is just being moral by taking it from Putin because we deserve it!
$C: Time.  Start watching c span
$C: The Russian involvement is particularly bad because it was done with Trump's knowledge or at his request. A foreign nation meddling in another nation's election isn't really news. But a foreign nation meddling in another nation's election with the cooperation of members of that nation is big news.
$C: Is having our democratic process undermined and the scales tipped in favor of an outcome that a geopolitically opposed power chose not inherently enough? Do you want to live in a puppet state?

Edit: phone typos
$C: This has literally been explained multiple times:  The President wanted congress to agree to releasing this information.  Instead the Senate Majority leader threatened to throw a hissy fit if Obama even thought about doing so.

Obama, ever the attempted peacemaker, listened.  That was a mistake.
$C: What is more relevent after Trump's actions over the past couple days of siding with Putin than the fact that he was told by our top intelligence officials that Putin personally was involved in interfering with our democracy in the US? 
$C: Only in school board elections, and only if they have children enrolled. 
$C: In school board elections, the absolute horror.
$C: Source?
$C: Wrong by a long shot.
$C: Quoting the guy that's been questioned to deflect the attention towards Hilary is not a winning card to play. 
$C: Have you heard of the Mueller investigation?
$C: well, i think we can safely include the campaign as part of the election, no?  the issue isn't flipping votes in voting machines.

and if trump is "playing 3D chess" by being a toady to putin, well, that's an interesting strategy.

"seems like he has a follow up plan"? how do you get that? "seems like" you want that to be the case, anyway.
$C: Well the WMDs werent a lie of the CIA. They told Bush there's no strong evidence for WMD's. 
$C: Da! Fellow Дmerican. Happy Baseballz day, Pleaz Gib Дmerican nucoluer passvord.
$C: He simply needed to admit Russia fucked with the election and take action against them.
$C: Yeah man its almost like the FBI has to launch an investigation or something before they can charge a person with a crime and have them indicted and arrested.

I think I've read something about an investigation into this whole Trump Russia thing and about how the President has consistently tried to stop said investigation since he became President. Weird.


$C: Trump is a Russian puppet, it has nothing to do with skepticism. Trump is compromised by Russia and he’s been lying about it.
$C: > 
> the same intel community that lied about wmd in iraq,

So for now until forever, the IC will not be trusted?  

> 9/11

What lie about 911?

> and more recently chemical weapons in syria.

What lie about chemical weapons in syria?  Assad bombed his own people with serin gas.


> from the same intel community that illegally wiretapped him.

Yeah...  You claim to not believe the IC, yet you blindly follow stupid lies from infowars.  

GTFO you traitor. 

$C: Are you serious?  Please Google this. McConnell blocked him saying it would be a partisan act. 
$C: Wow you’re lying.
$C: There are direct quotes from intelligence officials. That is credible. 
$C: The paraphrasing is strong with this one. 
$C: [removed]
$C: from pretty much everyone.  And are you denying the emails were hacked and released? lol
$C: Dubya and his allies blamed the CIA for Iraq, while the CIA *always* maintained the intel wasn't solid. They literally begged the CIA for months for intel, because they were desperate for any excuse to invade. Don't try to rewrite history, shithead
$C: ^ from /r/the_bendict_donald
$C: Wow, someone’s been spending too much time over at InfoWars. 
$C: If you’re mad about that then you must furious over Trump being a Russian puppet.
$C: Can we discuss what Obama can do about it now that he is no longer the President, and the impact that would have? Nothing, and it wouldn’t

So who has the power to do something about it now? Who has had the power to do something about it for almost 3 years?


$C: [removed]
$C: Enough Republican congresspeople need to be in jail.
$C: This gets resolved through laws or we lose the Republican.  Let's not be Rome this decade.
$C: sort by new, this is being brigaded big time by pro trump accounts
$C: One demon at a time.
$C: > Joined Reddit Apr 16, 2018

Checks out.
$C: You're a disgusting human being.
$C: Apparently he was shown things as detailed as text messages as part of the proof. This is why Brennan has been screaming treason., him and Comey (and others) were in the room. I dont think we're going to get the classified info as proof.
$C: Your position on this either comes to down believing the leaders of every federal law enforcement and intelligence agency who are career government employees from both political parties or a reality tv star who has held no prior public office. 

If you need proof, read any one of the federal indictments that have  been released thus far concerning one of his campaign members, the russian hackers, or the Butina woman. These are NOT coincidences. 
$C: [Inside story: How Russians hacked the Democrats’ emails](https://www.apnews.com/dea73efc01594839957c3c9a6c962b8a)
$C: You're funny lol
$C: lol troll
$C: Probably not someone with that attitude
$C: Maybe you should Google it and read an article about it
$C: You’re lying.
$C: He’s probably spinning so fast in his grave he could power half the country it you hooked him up to the power grid. 
$C: Ah yes , blame Obama. Mitch McConnell refused to sign a bi-partisan statement regarding these attacks. What would knuckle dragging, partisan scum like yourself said if Obama came out and publicly stated that Russia was conducting information warfare against America to benefit Trump? You'd fucking soil your depends and scream outrage. Serious question, when will you put the well being of the country ahead of your blind partisanship?
$C: Not the specificity of it. It was just assumed to be general evidence briefing.

We never knew that it was directed by Putin directly with receipts from human sources that are likely dead now.
$C: 28 gold now bruh
$C: And yet there are people in this very thread still denying it happened.
$C: President elect gets clearance when they get elected.
$C: Meh, the fact that this was capable of happening at all after the lesson that was WW2 is enough evidence humanity was doomed anyway.  No point getting worked up over it.
$C: President-Elects are given security and intelligence briefings during the transition period before they are sworn-in as President.

$C: Please think critically.  The Obama administration publicly declared that Russia was interfering with the US election before the election was held in November of 2016.  After Trump won the election, as part of the transition, it's normal for the incoming president to be briefed on intelligence such as the article mentioned.
$C: It’s 3rd, just checked. 
$C: No, you are correct.  Americans got played, hard.  But the thing is we aren't exactly the first country to fall for a strong propaganda campaign.
$C: Like 25% of Americans don't care if Trump is a Russian agent. There's more than a little blame that can be put on the voters. 
$C: Red cap logic - blame the victim.  
$C: DAE ALL POLITICIANS ARE BAD 

DAE CENTRISM FTW 
$C: The Mueller investigation isn't even over yet.  Patience
$C: Republicans control all 3 branches of government. We literally had some of the biggest protests in US history since 2016, but none of that matters because protesting doesn't do anything. 
$C: Without republican support it can’t be done and republicans have zero spine. Ergo this is not happening. The traitors are the republicans here. They are backing a know traitor because he gives them tax cuts.
$C: https://www.apnews.com/dea73efc01594839957c3c9a6c962b8a

Proof of Russia hacking the DNC if that’s what you’re asking for.
$C: Nah the most fucked up is Cold War gone hot. Then WW2 being won by Germany, then ours. 
$C: From the Start, Trump Has Muddied a Clear Message: Putin Interfered

By David E. Sanger and Matthew Rosenberg


July 18, 2018


WASHINGTON — Two weeks before his inauguration, Donald J. Trump was shown highly classified intelligence indicating that President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia had personally ordered complex cyberattacks to sway the 2016 American election.

The evidence included texts and emails from Russian military officers and information gleaned from a top-secret source close to Mr. Putin, who had described to the C.I.A. how the Kremlin decided to execute its campaign of hacking and disinformation.

Mr. Trump sounded grudgingly convinced, according to several people who attended the intelligence briefing. But ever since, Mr. Trump has tried to cloud the very clear findings that he received on Jan. 6, 2017, which his own intelligence leaders have unanimously endorsed.

The shifting narrative underscores the degree to which Mr. Trump regularly picks and chooses intelligence to suit his political purposes. That has never been more clear than this week.

On Monday, standing next to the Russian president in Helsinki, Finland, Mr. Trump said he accepted Mr. Putin’s denial of Russian election intrusions. By Tuesday, faced with a bipartisan political outcry, Mr. Trump sought to walk back his words and sided with his intelligence agencies.

On Wednesday, when a reporter asked, “Is Russia still targeting the U.S.?” Mr. Trump shot back, “No” — directly contradicting statements made only days earlier by his director of national intelligence, Dan Coats, who was sitting a few chairs away in the Cabinet Room. (The White House later said he was responding to a different question.)

Hours later, in a CBS News interview, Mr. Trump seemed to reverse course again. He blamed Mr. Putin personally, but only indirectly, for the election interference by Russia, “because he’s in charge of the country.”

In the run-up to this week’s ducking and weaving, Mr. Trump has done all he can to suggest other possible explanations for the hacks into the American political system. His fear, according to one of his closest aides who spoke on the condition of anonymity, is that any admission of even an unsuccessful Russian attempt to influence the 2016 vote raises questions about the legitimacy of his presidency.

The Jan. 6, 2017, meeting, held at Trump Tower, was a prime example. He was briefed that day by John O. Brennan, the C.I.A. director; James R. Clapper Jr., the director of national intelligence; and Adm. Michael S. Rogers, the director of the National Security Agency and the commander of United States Cyber Command.

The F.B.I. director, James B. Comey, was also there; after the formal briefing, he privately told Mr. Trump about the “Steele dossier.” That report, by a former British intelligence officer, included uncorroborated salacious stories of Mr. Trump’s activities during a visit to Moscow, which he denied.

According to nearly a dozen people who either attended the meeting with the president-elect or were later briefed on it, the four primary intelligence officials described the streams of intelligence that convinced them of Mr. Putin’s role in the election interference.

They included stolen emails from the Democratic National Committee that had been seen in Russian military intelligence networks by the British, Dutch and American intelligence services. Officers of the Russian intelligence agency formerly known as the G.R.U. had plotted with groups like WikiLeaks on how to release the email stash.

And ultimately, several human sources had confirmed Mr. Putin’s own role.

That included one particularly valuable source, who was considered so sensitive that Mr. Brennan had declined to refer to it in any way in the Presidential Daily Brief during the final months of the Obama administration, as the Russia investigation intensified.

Instead, to keep the information from being shared widely, Mr. Brennan sent reports from the source to Mr. Obama and a small group of top national security aides in a separate, white envelope to assure its security.

Mr. Trump and his aides were also given other reasons during the briefing to believe that Russia was behind the D.N.C. hacks.

The same Russian groups had been involved in cyberattacks on the State Department and White House unclassified email systems in 2014 and 2015, and in an attack on the Joint Chiefs of Staff. They had aggressively fought the N.S.A. against being ejected from the White House system, engaging in what the deputy director of the agency later called “hand-to-hand combat” to dig in.

The pattern of the D.N.C. hacks, and the theft of emails from John D. Podesta, Hillary Clinton’s campaign chairman, fit the same pattern.

After the briefings, Mr. Trump issued a statement later that day that sought to spread the blame for the meddling. He said “Russia, China and other countries, outside groups and countries” were launching cyberattacks against American government, businesses and political organizations — including the D.N.C.

Still, Mr. Trump said in his statement, “there was absolutely no effect on the outcome of the election.”

Mr. Brennan later told Congress that he had no doubt where the attacks were coming from.

“I was convinced in the summer that the Russians were trying to interfere in the election,” he said in testimony in May 2017. “And they were very aggressive.”

For Mr. Trump, the messengers were as much a part of the problem as the message they delivered.

Mr. Brennan and Mr. Clapper were both Obama administration appointees who left the government the day Mr. Trump was inaugurated. The new president soon took to portraying them as political hacks who had warped the intelligence to provide Democrats with an excuse for Mrs. Clinton’s loss in the election.

Mr. Comey fared little better. He was fired in May 2017 after refusing to pledge his loyalty to Mr. Trump and pushing forward on the federal investigation into whether the Trump campaign had cooperated with Russia’s election interference.

Only Admiral Rogers, who retired this past May, was extended in office by Mr. Trump. (He, too, told Congress that he thought the evidence of Russian interference was incontrovertible.)

And the evidence suggests Russia continues to be very aggressive in its meddling.

In March, the Department of Homeland Security declared that Russia was  targeting the American electric power grid, continuing to riddle it with malware that could be used to manipulate or shut down critical control systems. Intelligence officials have described it to Congress as a chief threat to American security.

Just last week, Mr. Coats said that current cyberthreats were “blinking red” and called Russia the “most aggressive foreign actor, no question.”

“And they continue their efforts to undermine our democracy,” he said.

Christopher A. Wray, the F.B.I. director, also stood firm.

“The intelligence community’s assessment has not changed,” Mr. Wray said on Wednesday at the Aspen Security Forum. “My view has not changed, which is that Russia attempted to interfere with the last election and continues to engage in malign influence operations to this day.”

The Russian efforts are “aimed at sowing discord and divisiveness in this country,” he continued. “We haven’t yet seen an effort to target specific election infrastructure this time. We could be just a moment away from the next level.”

“It’s a threat we need to take extremely seriously and respond to with fierce determination and focus.”

Almost as soon as he took office, Mr. Trump began casting doubts on the intelligence on Russia’s election interference, though never taking issue with its specifics.

He dismissed it broadly as a fabrication by Democrats and part of a “witch hunt” against him. He raised unrelated issues, including the state of investigations into Mrs. Clinton’s home computer server, to distract attention from the central question of Russia’s role — and who, if anyone, in Mr. Trump’s immediate orbit may have worked with them.

In July 2017, just after meeting Mr. Putin for the first time, Mr. Trump told a New York Times reporter that the Russian president had made a persuasive case that Moscow’s cyberskills were so good that the government’s hackers would never have been caught. Therefore, Mr. Trump recounted from his conversation with Mr. Putin, Russia must not have been responsible.

Since then, Mr. Trump has routinely disparaged the intelligence about the Russian election interference. Under public pressure — as he was after his statements in Helsinki on Monday — he has periodically retreated. But even then, he has expressed confidence in his intelligence briefers, not in the content of their findings.

That is what happened again this week, twice.

Mr. Trump’s statement in Helsinki led Mr. Coats to reaffirm, in a statement he deliberately did not get cleared at the White House, that American intelligence agencies had no doubt that Russia was behind the 2016 hack.

That contributed to Mr. Trump’s decision on Tuesday to say that he had misspoken one word, and that he did believe Russia had interfered — although he also veered off script to declare: “Could be other people also. A lot of people out there.”

Follow David Sanger and Matthew Rosenberg on Twitter: @SangerNYT and @AllMattNYT.

Adam Goldman contributed reporting.


$C: Trump is a Russian puppet, he’s been lying to the American people and using psychological warfare alongside the Right Wing Propaganda Mill to brainwash Americans.
$C: [deleted]
$C: >point to a single state where the outcome was swayed more than by, say, comey's announcement that the investigation had been briefly (as more of a review than anything else, unfortunately) reopened per his verbal agreement, under oath, with house oversight

That's a pointless argument because it's impossible to determine how many votes were influenced and by what specifically. 
$C: We didn't force this guy to blame America for Russia's problems. 
$C: Sounds like something a Russian would say
$C: What about what about what about
$C: Why? 
$C: Probably The New York Times.
$C: Coordinated gilding - it's obvious. Now, I wonder who would want an unevidenced article to reach the top?

Happy cakeday, btw. 
$C: Obama told Trump beforehand and he also wanted to release a joint statement with congressional leaders, but Mitch McConnell refused. Obama didn't want to release the information without bipartisan support because he didn't want it to appear politically motivated. 


$C: why are we still talking about crimes committed by an unfriendly foreign power in our presidential election? lol

\#stupidposters
$C: McConnell stopped him from doing anything about it.  Traitors the whole way through.
$C: The difference here being that Russia either interfered with Trump's knowledge or his blessing and continued support.

Footnote in history? Jesus Christ go back to the beginning. 
$C: School board elections
$C: Running pro Trump ads is the only way Russia could have influenced the election in your mind?
$C: [deleted]
$C: Obama took considerable measures against Russia and supported the intelligence agencies every step of the way. McConnell was countering these actions and many trump supporters criticized Obama for alienating Russia and trying to make Russia an enemy. A common republican mantra was that Obama was trying to start WW3. 

Republicans can’t flip the table years later and complain that obama wasn’t fighting Russia hard enough when they’ve been complaining about his hostility for years. 
$C: First of all you haven't been paying attention. Try to keep up. Second of all that's not how investigations work. They don't release all of the evidence to the public. Jesus Christ. 
$C: Nice way of twisting up the logic and changing the topic.

The fact is that Trump said Russia did not intervene while knowing that they did intervene. He is basically colluding and lying to the American people. Im not part of the left(liberals annoy me) but you cant be this retarded to not see the truth in front of you.
$C: No, that is not all Russia did. Try again.
$C: Most Americans have nothing to do with affairs and are very against them. Please don't associate us with our president(s).
$C: Your comment is worth about as much as your username. 
$C: McConnell blocked it. https://www.politico.com/story/2018/01/23/mitch-mcconnell-russia-obama-joe-biden-359531
$C: Because he was an empty suit?
$C: No, no, no, they weren't duped. They duped US into believing that.
$C: I mean the US has a little bit of a history of starting wars for non legitimate reasons, but I think this is a different thing. The president has been lying to Americans about the very thing that got him elected. People knew this was happening and still he denied it. It’s big that now we know that he knew the whole time.
$C: *a previous administration duped US into a war
$C: No. A previous administration went against the IC to fight what it thought was a Holy War. 

Besides, saying this when Trump was sucking Putin's cock on TV doesn't make you look like the Devil's Advocate, just the devil 
$C: If the president gets impeached by way of high treason, I believe the whole Administration gets removed , too. 
$C: England collectively gave the insecure little puppet the middle finger. Bravo
$C: Obama didn't act on it because he didn't want to be seen as tampering with the election himself, or unfairly influencing it. He put his trust in the American people to do the right thing, and America failed him. 

edit: Link https://www.npr.org/2018/07/15/629281975/fact-check-did-the-obama-administration-respond-to-election-interference-by-russ













Seriously? You're a special kind of stupid.
$C: I believe that Obama during the time between the election and inauguration shut down and confiscated a Russian embassy retreat and kicked out a bunch of embassy staff. And I believe he also put some new sanctions in place during the same period. So saying he didn’t do anything isn’t true. 
$C: Assuming so, what do you do with this info? Claim the race is in invalid? That way lies madness...

But of course, keep blaming the black guy...
$C: He’s actually done a few anti Russia things like [Trump administration sales arms to Ukraine](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/josh-rogin/wp/2017/12/20/trump-administration-approves-lethal-arms-sales-to-ukraine/?noredirect=on&noredirect=on&utm_term=.9b080d4dada9)

[Trump administration sells patriot missiles to poland ](https://www.newsweek.com/trump-poland-warsaw-us-arms-russia-missiles-border-632766)
I also remember USCYBERCOM being granted more free reign in offensive actions but can’t find proof in a short amount of time. He may have also done things to help Russia that I’m not aware of. 
$C: You gotta talk to your congressman, I'm sorry.
$C: This didn't sound relaxed.
https://www.politico.com/story/2018/01/23/mitch-mcconnell-russia-obama-joe-biden-359531

$C: You’re so full of crap.
$C: Yes.
$C: Why wouldn't we believe the top intelligence officials of our country? 
$C: Certainly can't if people are judging their opinion on false information due to a foreign country deliberately spreading false information.

That is kind of the problem. 
$C: Trump has been lying, and he lied standing next to Putin and looked like a compromised bitch boy.
$C: Sort by new and you'll see just how many people don't have a brain. 
$C: You’re ok with people being lied to and brainwashed?
$C: they hacked email servers for example, you "conveniently" forgot that in your post. its like one of the main parts of the story. you aren't very bright. lol
$C: Info for U

https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/2017/world/national-security/obama-putin-election-hacking/?utm_term=.484d43d65831
$C: do..what? for example the dnc hacking had already occurred, and what do you "do" about fake social media accounts?  Its possible they did things "behind the scenes" to reduce hacking but we wouldn't know that.
$C: Do you not have google?

https://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/29/us/politics/russia-election-hacking-sanctions.html
$C: 1. Obama doesn't deny it. 


2. Two years seems like a much more reasonable time frame to resolve a problem than two weeks. But our fucking president can't even admit to it yet. 


After a while, you just have to get tired of blaming Obama. 
$C: Yes, its almost like there isn't 200 other "Russia" articles being upvoted right now.  


Must be coincidence... or Liberal bots.
$C: Your post practically bleeds your insecurities. 
$C: MacDaddyRussia more like it
$C: So, you want the military, a sector that is generally disliked by the left, to overthrow the government and instill martial law to possibly put a dictatorship into place if a corrupt general was at the head of it all?
$C: Why would you hope for a military coup and not impeachment? 
$C: It probably will be mentioned in future indictments as Mueller moves higher up the chain. 14 months is not enough time to build a case this complex AND solid.
$C: McConnell blocked it. Do even tge tiniest bit of research before blabbing like a moron
$C: Actually you are full of shit. The President Elect receives security and intelligence briefings prior to their inauguration and being sworn in. Someone even wrote a book about it, you can read about it on the CIA's own website:

https://www.cia.gov/news-information/featured-story-archive/2012-featured-story-archive/cia-briefings-for-presidents-elect.html
$C: Nah what makes him bad is how much of a chicken shit he was in front of Putin. 
$C: > not one source named. 

I also have no idea how journalism works. 
$C: Yes, you can.

You don't need to change votes.  You just need to change who can vote.
$C: No. It means we have sources inside the kremlin and very close to Putin who passed us information. Keep up. 
$C: Smarter. Definitely smarter. 
$C: This is not entirely accurate. Rosenstein's spoke specifically, and only, about the 12 hackers who were indicted for the DNC hack. It is currently unknown publicly if the Russians swayed the election by manipulating votes. It is unlikely that they hacked actual machines and changed the votes as it has been suggested that Obama's threat made them cease the plan to do so. However, the leaked DNC documents and the micro-targeting propaganda definitely affected the vote. 

And again, the biggest problem here isn't that the Russians interfered with the election, it is that Trump is currently either willingly or unwillingly in bed with them. 
$C: That's not what this is about. Waive your jingly keys somewhere else. 
$C: Losing the popular vote is a hollow victory. 
$C: What a silly persecution complex you have.

Have another downvote for edgy dramatics.
$C: He hired Paul Manafort and Rick Gates. 

His son's are the ones in trouble for talking to the spies.

He's the one in trouble for taking illegal money.
$C: Your logic is ridiculous, no wonder you're a Trump supporter. Just because he was told about it doesn't mean he didn't already know about it. 
$C: Just because they showed him gathered intelligence that was evidence of meddling doesn't mean that he didn't know it before they showed it to him. When the investigation ends we will know what it all means but I'm not sure how you could say this exonerates him.
$C: You’re lying.
$C: One is a us political party. And to think that trump didn't do the same with fox is laughable
$C: blaming Obama huh?
$C: Oh cmon, just go and do some research about the subject and get back to us,
Ok?
$C: Except for the whole counterintelligence operation he authorized. Aside from that, nothing.
$C: I don't think anyone would disagree that he fucked up just like no one should disagree that Donny is fucking up now.
$C: You left the part out where they illegally obtained voter data from Cambridge Analytica. And the hacking (see Friday's indictment). And the backchannel (see Tuesday's indictment).

You left the part out where confirmation of Russian hacking came from every single relevant federal law enforcement and intelligence agency - not just the CIA. But yeah, all the Republicans that are the acting heads of all of these agencies have it out for Trump. Big coup incoming, except the Republican controlled Congress has done NOTHING up to this point to undermine Trump. But yeah, totes hidden agendas from the shadow government.

Why would it matter who was in office if they knowingly allowed a foreign power to aid their campaign? 
$C: This isn't the place for truth or facts. This is a hugbox for the salty who do not understand their dedication to truthiness is what will help reelect Trump in 2020.
$C: Are you glad they hacked our energy grid? 

https://www.nytimes.com/2018/03/15/us/politics/russia-cyberattacks.html
$C: I’m glad too, tbh I don’t like that shit. But once you know a Russia and its leaders are hacking out shit, you need to call it out. Btw trumps and his cult followers hate leaks, he hired scareamucci to find the leakers. They can’t be hypocritical now.  
$C: Obama tried to do something about it. Mitch Mcconnell stopped him:

>And the Obama administration also tried to ask leaders in Congress of both parties to sign a statement condemning these foreign efforts. The Democratic leaders agreed to do so. The Republican speaker, Paul Ryan, apparently thought that he could get there, but the majority leader in the Senate, Mitch McConnell, did not agree to do that. And so, ultimately, there was no public statement until October of 2016, by which time, with the view of history, it may have been too late to do anything about it.

https://www.npr.org/2018/07/15/629281975/fact-check-did-the-obama-administration-respond-to-election-interference-by-russ
$C: Here.

https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/2017/world/national-security/obama-putin-election-hacking/?utm_term=.84ac8875b86d

More context if you want.

https://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2018/03/12/christopher-steele-the-man-behind-the-trump-dossier


$C: Obviously more than Trump is.
$C: Seriously, are you just out of a long coma, asking questions everybody knows the answer to?
$C: Trump and Russia are working together.
$C: Not at all. I want a despicable person who is unfit to represent me or my country to be held accountable for two years of lying to his country, disparaging everyone he could with those lies for his gain, and tearing down his nation's collective intelligence agencies to make himself look better.

I also will stand by whatever the Mueller investigation says. And even if the election would have stayed the same, which I haven't been convinced it wouldn't, this information is so unbelievably important. It's going to energize continued action against Russia. We need to deal with what happened during the election cycle, and what is continuing to happen, in terms of Russian interference. Just because it's not proven it swayed the election does NOT mean it's okay. 
$C: "All I'm saying is hold all president accountable when in office"

"now it's trump in office so let's crucify him for everything."

Mind.... blown. 

$C: Because brietbart and fox isn't real news, and can't support anything they claim.
$C: Do you work in a coal mine?
$C: Do a scene for gloryholeswallow
$C: > Doesn't this basically absolve Trump of collusion with Russia? 

No. It makes him look incredibly guilty. Why would he repeatedly deny, as recently as this week, that the russians helped when he clearly knew from the start?
$C: then lets not forget he lost the popular vote, he got less than 50% of the vote
$C: They did. Obama didn't act on it though, because he didn't want to be seen as tampering with the election himself, or unfairly influencing it. He put his trust in the American people to do the right thing, and America failed him.  


edit: Link [https://www.npr.org/2018/07/15/629281975/fact-check-did-the-obama-administration-respond-to-election-interference-by-russ](https://www.npr.org/2018/07/15/629281975/fact-check-did-the-obama-administration-respond-to-election-interference-by-russ)
$C: didn't realize we were dying as a country, nor do I see a lot of people cheering it.
$C: Because Trump is more interested in being Putin’s puppet than being President. Trump has time and time again since the beginning always put himself before America.
$C: The job losses are mutual to both parties. George Bush Jnr. did something similar and it resulted in the loss of hundreds of thousands of jobs.

There is one thing in seeking better relations with Russia. However, there is another in completely ignoring the vast evidence and facts that report to the Russians interfering in the American democratic process. This is an existential problem for the Trump Administration because they are in a convoluted predicament.

Does Trump acknowledge that Russia actively and systematically invested resources to help him win the Presidency, and hence delegitimise his election as President. Or does the President completely deny the overwhelming facts and evidence that Russian Intelligence Agencies conspired to help him win the election (we have 20+ indictments).

The Trump Administration is in a difficult situation but the United States is in serious trouble if a sitting President doesn't appear to have any confidence in his own security and intelligence agencies (and the entirety of her allies) in concluding that a foreign government invested resources into helping him win an election.

Anyone who cares about their country would be deeply concerned that a foreign and let's face it, hostile nation, possibly had some influence on the election of a sitting President who refuses to criticise said hostile foreign Government, in the face of overwhelming reported and facts.

This has the potential to become the greatest political crisis in American history.
$C: Because Trump is involved in a criminal conspiracy.
$C: Man, I miss him.
$C: Except Obama took steps to put an end to it. 

https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/2017/world/national-security/obama-putin-election-hacking/
$C: Wut...
$C: If you are an American, we won't hold it against you if you let go of your pride and accept that our President serves the interests of a foreign country that wants our country and way of life to be destroyed. Take your time.
$C: Probably for the same reason Putin doesn't trust them. Treasonous bastards tend to not trust the agencies seeking to out them.
$C: The internet was actually a UK invention....
$C: America’s built on democracy. The government should do what the people want. Our entire voting system is built on fair elections. You vote for the person that you think would best serve America’s interests. This meddling by Russia introduces third party, and with it a third motive that may not be for the benefit of the american people. 

If Russia helped trump win the election, his presidency would be seen as invalid. The people did not want him to be president, so he shouldn’t be. It goes against the ideals of democracy that America holds.

As for foreign meddling from the US, a lot of those were done to put democracies in countries where the government is often a type of dictatorship, some form of government where the people do not get to choose. I personally don’t think it’s the job of the US to overthrow regimes, and oftentimes we just make things worse. But I see the reason behind it as noble; the US wants to give power to the common man. Give the people power to decide what they want their county to be. We do not meddle with other democratic countries elections, as that would take the power away from the citizens of that country. 

Russia has essentially taken power away from the people. If trump let Russia do this for his own personal gain, he has betrayed the people of america.
$C: You're right. Every country should just give up and let anyone screw with everyone else's elections consequence free! Russia should just send us their voting machine info and Putin's secrets right now. We're all friendly here! 
$C: It’s not.....histrionics like Rachel Maddow have warped young impressionable millennial minds 
$C: Good one
$C: Article reads like it was written by... Russians. I smell vodka.
$C: Troll.
$C: That's cute
$C: This! This right here!

And I’ll refer us all back to Michael Moore’s “Biggest fuck you in history” observations for the larger context.
$C: 32 witches and counting.
$C: not sure if they have actual evidence or not i would take it as face basis but of course you have a country full of people with a TERRIBLE president who no one can understand how he got in and there have been russian connections that do exist of course people will still follow the witch hunt.

People want proof whether that he didn't do it or he did.
$C: You seem to be ill-informed. Read one of the many news reports about McConnell blocking Obama on exactly what you are referring to.
$C: Remember he informed the Republicans of the threat and their response was that if he mentioned it they would do a full on attack of it as a political tactic to discredit their candidate.

So as the democrats were on their way to wining, remember they did win the popular vote, the President did nothing.



$C: Spoken like someone with zero IT experience
$C: 
We were attacked by a foreign country, our democracy undermined and Trump and the GOP have just let it happen with no intention of preventing it in the midterms again or placing any repercussions on Russia. Trump can’t even flat out say that Russia orchestrated this attack. It isn’t about Trump being elected due to the meddling, it’s about his complacency in doing anything about it now. 

We are also worried that he is compromised via blackmail or something of the like. 

The time to act is NOW.
$C: How about starting with not defending Putin? 
$C: Only if you live in fairytale land
$C: No. It was very much in favor of Trump. 
$C: There’s cautious reticence and there is flat out covering for someone else. Trump tends much more to the latter. 
$C: So Trump has said multiple times on record that the Russians did meddle so point to you but he has also said multiple times on record that they didn't and said very clearly and without any ambiguity that he spoke to Putin who denied it and he believes him entirely AND defended that opinion and those comments both before and after he said they did meddle. In fact the last statement he made as of today is that they did not meddle.
This is not opinion, I'm not going to give my opinion I'm curious how, based on the facts, you determined which of those statements are true?
He has said both things, they did and did not meddle in the election, he said they didn't as the last statement so how do you determine what he meant and which is true?
$C: No!  We want a do over!  No fair!  Russia kept Hillary from stumbling to the Rust Belt to campaign!  Impeach!
$C: You're joking, right? North Korea thinks we're more of a joke now and has stated they have no intent of stopping their nuclearization. Farmers in Pennsylvania are saying they are basically losing any chance at livelihoods after the recent tariffs, various other issues. He's not helping anyone.
$C: No one falls for this bullshit anymore.
$C: Nothing wrong with not understanding it. They use innovative methods. 

Basically they stole info about American voters. Some was freely available like our Facebook data, some they hacked. 

Ad services use our data all the time. They use our browsing history and things we "like" on Facebook to know how to market to us. Kind of like how Facebook guesses who we might know based on our friends we have in common and those people's interconnected relationships through their friends' interconnected relationships. They factor in where we've "checked in", what schools we've gone to, cities we've lived in. For all we know faces in the background of our photos that they match to people a friend of a friend is friends with.

There's so much data there are crazy amounts of conclusions they can draw about us, our hobbies, our clothing style, whether we are Jewish or a Christian, what type of Christianity, whether it's the type that wants abortion legally banned or if that person is associated with congregations that support Democratic or Republican candidates, whether we are racist, kind of racist, a little racist. What our ethnicity is, whether we are traditional or open minded. 

So the Russians had all that. And they marketed to us. They used our fears and our passions. They knew what types of videos and posts would reach us. 

Not only did they reach us, they brainwashed us into connecting things and equating them. For instance, say they knew person A didn't really know any Latino people. And say they had some scientific data that showed that if people don't know anyone of a certain ethnicity it is easier to get them to think badly of that ethnicity. Ok, say the goal is to divide the citizens of our country, to make us weak. What do Latinos have to do with it, right? 

Well say they have some other data that shows that Americans in general are divided on welfare payments. They convince person A that Latinos use up a ton of welfare. Person A may not have anything against Latinos but suddenly letting them in is costing person A a ton of money. Person A is anti welfare in general. Now Latinos are the scourge of our tax system. 

Person A hears that they are supposed to feel bad for wanting to keep Latinos out and they feel resentful. They have seen videos that have convinced them Latinos are the downfall of the American tax payer and they don't feel they should have to suffer personally or feel bad about it. They are resentful and already upset and probably not open to hearing that the video lied and Latino immigrants pay a ton of taxes, or that all Latino Americans are affected by this, profiled, and discriminated against. 

The video seemed real. And that was because it was tailored just to people with the same buttons needing to be pushed exactly the same way to convince them. 

And the Liberal person they feel resentful against? They've had their videos too. They've been made angry about stuff that will piss person A off and cause person A to have no respect for them. It's all very calculated, and we are all used as tools and pitted against each other. 

The only way to fight this is to not believe anything without evidence. Multiple, credible sources. To discuss things. To notice keywords that are being repeated over and over. Commonly in hashtag form. We have to be Americans first, and we have to be vigilant. Many people don't understand how they do these things, which makes it hard to watch out for. 

Edit: [Here's an article](https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/2018/05/11/what-we-found-facebook-ads-russians-accused-election-meddling/602319002/) that describes what ads the Russians ran on Facebook. Notice it says they didn't mention candidates in most of them. They didn't need to because of all the connections made through repetition. 
Pro "Wall" was clearly pro Trump for instance. An anti immigrant video would be pro- Trump without ever needing to bring him up. 
Notice also how much they used race to divide us in general. 

$C: Because Russians had access to voting machine software.  
  
 

Edit: holy shit I just realized I made myself a target for Russian bots watup
$C: https://youtu.be/ZQjudu6lm_o

I'm sure you know about the whole Facebook thing but here you go. And this is just the physical advertisements on ONE social media site.  
$C: Because your tiny brain cannot comprehend the power that is propaganda. - Don't worry, you don't need to understand it to be manipulated by it.
$C: The Russians swayed the election by at least these methods: 

1) Sowing distrust in the US government. 
2) Widely publishing fake and false information on social media to create divisions in society, incite violence, spread falsehoods about Clinton, and influence decisions (also known as “information warfare” or “psychological operations”).
3) Purchase influence in the GOP and GOP fundraisers like the NRA. 
4) Hacked the DNC email servers to selectively and strategically leak messages designed to make Clinton appear to be less suitable. Leaked emails were timed to deflect and soften damaging Trump stories (Access Hollywood) is an example. 
5) Purchasing advertising space on social media to spread disinformation. 

And more, but hopefully that’s enough to make a point. 
$C: you don't read very well do you?
$C: the question isn't when it happened, the question here is trump's denial of it.  If you think denying reality for personal gain is a "smear", then that's on you. lol
$C: so its ok to commit crimes if someone else is being "shady"?
$C: The people who think along the same lines that you do, are exactly what creates a catch 22 for those who are trying to push a narrative about how horrible the leaks are. If nobody thought the way that you thought, then the leaks would be a non issue. An attempt to smear the DNC, wouldn't be a successful smear, if nobody was mainly concerned with the content in the emails. The only way it would be a successful smear, is if most people thought like you, and weren't offended enough about the fact that there were leaks, to distract from the actual content that was leaked. 

They want to have it both ways though. They want to act like the leaks actually mattered, but at the same time, undermine the fact that a lot of the public is thinking like you are. However the fewer people are thinking the way you are, the less the leaks actually matter. 
$C: you mean "tamp down" like sending more troops to afghanistan?
$C: The go to excuse
$C: That's what he wants you to think.
$C: Trump has been lying to the American people. He’s a Russian agent/asset.
$C: Shouldn't you be masterbuting on The_Donald with the rest of the Russian bots?
$C: crimes are ok as long as they are for my side! lol

ps - how were the dems going to "steal an election"?
$C: half way through his term and the sheep can't accept that russia committed crimes to assist him to win.
$C: I don't think it's so much not *accepting* he's won, but rather worry over the president of the united states lying to the mass public to please the leader of another country. 
$C: OK Mr Russian. 
$C: Nah, but if we don't act soon, we'll be seeing trump turn the U.S. into a corporate oligarchy.
$C: He lost the popular vote by 2.8 million and his campaign is full of indicted scum. And Mueller is nowhere near done.
$C: And I guess you work for the FBI or CIA?
$C: Memes are illegal in the UK now

Words hurt
$C: You have a lot to learn.
$C: Canada is cool but our internet prices are in the shitter 
$C: You can’t reliably hack the vote, but you certainly can meddle. 
$C: When did Trump insinuate that it was happening?

Trump supporters would have lost their shit if Obama had dropped what he knew. That much is abundantly clear. They aren’t a cool-headed, rational bunch. 
$C: Google it
$C:  Very clearly Trump and candidates like Sanders and Stein that would pull support away from Clinton. 
$C: Maybe if I create another account, people will listen!
$C: Because it is an act of war.  A rather blatant one, in fact.
$C: No.
$C: Reported to FBI
$C: Fair point but Obama was in a tough fucking spot on this one. Trump was running around the country screaming the election was rigged for Hillary if he had come out and said Putin was doing this without providing extremely concrete evidence and indicting people it would have been a huge mess. He obviously couldn't burn the source "close to Putin" feeding us the info or the sources and methods we used to determine what was going on. Furthermore it's not clear when the US obtained incontrovertible proof, could have happened after election.
$C: Because it confirms when he was first informed definitively that we were hacked and that the Russians were definitively responsible. It pretty much confirms that everything he has said and done since then has been bullshit and was purposely said or done to dissuade Americans from believing that the Russians were responsible or that they continue to be a threat.  

You can't be told by every intelligence agency before your inauguration that the Russians definitely hacked the election and then proceed to tell America for two years that the investigation into possible collusion is a witch hunt. You have to let that investigation run its course, whether you believe the Russians acted alone or not.
$C: You never saw a “Hillary for prison” sign/bumper sticker/t-shirt? You didn’t hear chants of “lock her up?” What about all the #walkaway propaganda recently? Didn’t you hear Trump deny Russia was involved? Don’t you remember everyone that was saying they didn’t want either Trump or Clinton?

They worked fucking HARD for those victories.
$C: >active in the_donald

Because you were participating in it. 
$C: politics and media are so fucked here that another country can "sway" our elections in meaningful ways. Whats hilarious is we've been swaying elections around the globe for decades
$C: Ummm... Wat
$C: So uh, when you forget to unlock ya phone...
$C: >According to nearly a dozen people who either attended the meeting with the president-elect or were later briefed on it, the four primary intelligence officials described the streams of intelligence that convinced them of Mr. Putin’s role in the election interference.
$C: [Inside story: How Russians hacked the Democrats’ emails](https://www.apnews.com/dea73efc01594839957c3c9a6c962b8a)

And memes can be propaganda used as psychological warfare, look at T_D
$C: That's a non sequitur if ever I saw one
$C: releasing the emails seemed like a pivotal moment in his election.
$C: Because Obama, for all his faults real and perceived, has class.
$C: it was showed to obama. 
$C: Russia supporters are cuter than I thought
$C: Correct on all counts 
$C: This should be top comment +1 good sir
$C: [deleted]
$C: to say that in the face of all the publicly available evidence at this point is either willful ignorance or trolling. In either case you seem to be beyond retribution.... 
$C: Now that’s an awful thought! 
$C: [deleted]
$C: Pence was brought on by Manafort. He will be dismissed as well.
$C: No, because no law provides for invalidating an election solely because a foreign misinformation campaign discouraged and mislead voters. 
$C: "I'm assuming" right there, that's the difference! Geezuz fuck you People are brainwashed hard af! This article is fact, (do your research) but then people like you just can't keep your assholes shut.
$C: Except he did. But don't let reality stop you.
$C: I don't think anyone would disagree that he fucked up just like no one should disagree that Donny is fucking up now.
$C: The difference between your news and our news is the fact that our news can be backed by citations. Fox news, brietbart, etc... Just talk out their asses and use Luggenpresse to sway all of you weak minded people.
$C: The times, hill and post do not produce any candidate whatsoever. Unless the US are even more fucked than they look.
$C: The ignorant people are the cult that knows Russia meddled in the election and still believe that trump won fair and square.
$C: They know...the Democratic Party is just so unhinged at this point that they will do anything they can at this point. 
$C: None of this is relevant to the question of whether wrongdoing occurred. If I stick up a bank but fail to get any money out, I still go to jail. 

The question is not how much influence the Russians had (which is pretty much not quantifiable), the question is what the president knew and when he knew it. This needs to be thoroughly investigated because he is acting suspicious as fuck. 
$C: You're missing the point entirely. 
$C: Lots of people care about espionage. That's part of what the Trump campaign, transition and administration is being investigated for. 

Espionage gets people killed. That's why espionage is a federal capital crime punishable by death. 
$C: > No one cares about Russia.

You’re lying.
$C: A bank robbery need not be successful for you to go to prison for bank robbery.  If you shoot someone in the head and they live you are still going to prison for attempted murder.   The crime is in the attempt, irrelevant of the outcome.

That's Trump's problem that is leading to this shitshow.  Despite  the actual GRU unit that did the hacking being named in the latest indictments, the actual officers that did the hacking and even the office they did it from Trump refuses to acknowledge facts because he believes it somehow taints his win.  That's why he is ridiculously siding with Russia against America and all evidence that they committed the crime.  He believes that admitting Russia did it is somehow admitting that they were effective in helping him win.  He's that dumb.  He'd rather take the stage in front of the entire world and side with Putin against his own country, against all evidence, than say "*YES, Putin did it.  Russia did it.  Didn't work, didn't change anything but they sure as hell tried to meddle.  They illegally hacked the DNC and Clinton servers and released the information trying to help me, I didn't need it.  It changed nothing.  The DNC had already decided to run a clown against me."*
$C: And? The legality and morality of wrongdoing is not predicated upon its success. It could have been a total waste of time and still be prosecutable. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: Looks like the_donald wants to change the subject
$C: That's exactly what they want from you; exhaustion to the point of no longer caring. 
$C: He was briefed in person. Orally. According to his doctor his hearing is perfect. 
$C: Where are you copying this trite comment from? I've seen it similarly posted so many times now. 
$C: No. 

Trump lied. Time after time he tried to harm the reputation of our justice department and impede the investigation into Russian interference. He said there was no interference. He has put Russia's interests before that of our closest allies. And all this time he knew Putin was personally involved. 
$C: Hahahahaaa

Donald Trump - Okay he's not *entirely* a legitimate president, but he is totally stopping WWIII from happening! 

$C: >Word war 3 because your president withholds classified information from the public.

you are setting up a common strawman used by traitors... it's either get along (and appease) or it's war.  Ronald Regan was a Republican and I hated him. But, uh, he didn't appease and we didn't go to war.


And here is the thing... you are excusing Putin.  You are saying what he did is OK.  And that makes you a traitor.

> His in the middle of talks with Russia to form some sort of alliance against China. 

Oh that's what Trump is doing?  He didn't say this... how do you know?  That's amazing.  He is negotiating with Putin, President of Russia- which  has a mutual defense treaty with China... and exports petroleum to China and is one of the main trading partners of China  - so as to create a "sort of alliance against China"...

Stop being stupid and stop being a traitor.
$C: Obvious troll.
$C: > solid evidence that the Obama administration inexplicably told our cyber-defense to stand down.

source?
$C: And yet he still lost the actual election by the American people to Hillary. Just because votes are weighted doesn’t mean he was victorious. It means the American people lost to the Electoral College.
$C: Just like Hillary and Benghazi...oh wait, how'd that one turn out again, and again, and again? 
$C: By booming red hot economy do you mean the high growth rate that is entirely attributed to the feds decisions *before* Trump took office? Or do you mean the bull market that most investors are taking as a *very bad sign*? Or do you mean that one trillion dollar deficit Trump created through tax cuts for the wealthy and increased *military* spending (The US isn't even actively engaged anywhere)? As a non-american, I really do feel bad for you and your children.
$C: Man, I actually hope the dems nominate someone better than trump so all the whiners can shut up finally... but I doubt that'll happen.
$C: Because dissing and disowning to a certain degree, your own country you run, is patriotic. AMERICA.
$C: Trump is a Russian puppet. What aren’t you getting?
$C: That’s some bad copypasta
$C: Who gives a fuck? Apparently you do since you had to say something just 5 minutes ago in this thread
$C: He imposed sanctions. 
$C: Okay, Obama was president at the time. What has Trump, Obama’s replacement, done to solve the Russia problem? Blaming Obama doesn’t change the fact that our current president hasn’t done shit.
$C: What about trump lying about it? Doesn’t that bother you?
$C: [deleted]
$C: If you saw Hillary's gender as her main platform, you are blind.
$C: Yes!
$C: Trump is still talking about Hillary.
$C: SIt's party of over country for people like you. You are so brainwashed that you can excuse a president who puts his own interests ahead of the countries. This is treasonous behavior! If it was Obama that did this to Republicans, you would want his head. You have no idea if what Russia did affected the outcome of the election. You are so brainwashed you can't even fathom the idea that it did make the difference. There is no proof at this time, one way or the other. You just take Trump's word for it. that it did not.  Why? You speak like you have concrete proof that what they did, didn't effect the outcome of the election. But the fact is, you don't. Anyway, what does that matter? What happened and Trump's cover-up and or possible collusion is a danger to the nation. But you just don't care. Sad!

$C: You’re using Hillary as a scapegoat....
$C: Wow you are so oblivious. On multiple levels. 
$C: The irony in your post is endless, you're telling others to be informed while you're willfully ignoring the information on how Trump is compromised by the Russians. 
$C: You should read the article. 
$C: So then why deny it? Why fire individuals investigating or why is his campaign meeting with Russians and forgetting about . 
You don’t know what mueller has, better believe that this info coming out right now means something is gonna drop soon. Republicans prob know too because they are starting to be more vocal . Good luck  
$C: You’re ok with Russians subverting Democracy to elect a puppet?
$C: No they hacked our energy grid. 

https://www.nytimes.com/2018/03/15/us/politics/russia-cyberattacks.html
$C: Hmm. Highly likely total BS. Like everything else that supposedly was? You know, before it wasn't? Those things that were you know, often broke in the news by highly classified sources. You can't dismiss this just by saying that. Who are you? You joke about the NYT, but this is their *job*. I really hope this isn't your job. 
$C: What does that have to do with Trump's refusal to fully acknowledge and excuse the fact that Russia was responsible for the 2016 meddling? And even more importantly, that it's still happening?
$C: [deleted]
$C: You’re concerned with “corruption,” but you say Trump is “a very small issue.” How’s it feel to be brainwashed?
$C: Yes. We do. 
$C: Actually not the world....just you tards
$C: Hahaha. Literally everyone else sees what a joke cheeto is, except backwoods idiots like you.
$C: >Who cares if everyone is corrupt if everyone is getting paid? Well, everyone gets paid except *those* people


$C: Lol Trumptard propaganda
$C: Obama FBI was told in October 2016 that another country, that was not Russia, had also hacked all but 4 of Hillary's 33k deleted emails. Instead of investigating that, or the Weiner laptop, the FBI stayed on its course of illegally spying on the Trump campaign and setting up the Trump/Russia narrative.

Traitors, all of them.
$C: McConnell, who stopped Obama from saying anything about it.

Oh, right, you don't like it when people bring that up.
$C: Obama didn't act on it because he didn't want to be seen as tampering with the election himself, or unfairly influencing it. He put his trust in the American people to do the right thing, and America failed him. 

edit: Link https://www.npr.org/2018/07/15/629281975/fact-check-did-the-obama-administration-respond-to-election-interference-by-russ


$C: That is probably because you can't accept reality and live in Fairytaleland where everything is "A-OK guys, hehe" rather than a land where you fucked up by voting for a reality star (because your parents raised you Republican) who doesn't give a shit about anyone but himself. Who will literally sell out the entire country to try to protect his fragile ego.
$C: > the degree to which is likely very little. 

Russian puppet Trump disagrees.
$C: Trump hasn't just been acting this way the past couple days. He's been on Putin's side his whole presidency. Despite knowing he personally interfered with our democracy. Despite Russia hacking into our power grid. Despite current intelligence officials deeming Russia one of the greatest threats to our national security. 
$C: Trump is a Russian puppet, and you care about some vague “wromgdoing.”
$C: Speculation versus an article with proof makes a poor argument.

You guys are so brainwashed. 
$C: Trump believes Putin over America.
$C: There are direct quotes from named Intelligence officials. That is evidence. 
$C: You're wrong. 
$C: Trollololo lololo lololo how's life at the factory?
$C: A very obvious troll.
$C: No one except you insane fucks believe that shit.
$C: Wow. You’re severely brainwashed. That or you’re one of the ones trying to do the brainwashing. 
$C: No one cares Donald guy 
$C: I agree with Obama's decision. If they had released this and Hillary had won, the Republicans would never stop calling for her head.....more. 
$C: Cigarette. Blindfold. Firing squad. Ignominious burial in the potter's field.
$C: That's the thing about power. When you managed to convince a society that being submissive to their betters was the way to go, they won't do anything because a majority actually like that state of things. 

The fact that for better or worse, violence is a big taboo in modern societies, doesn't help either. The State has the monopoly on legitimate violence after all.
$C: Whether it affected the outcome is irrelevant. Trump's conscious decision to work with a foreign power in order to get elected is the illegal part. Since he did end up getting elected he is now compromised. 
$C: They didn’t back Hillary.
$C: they paid a corporation money because another corporation wrote an artical
$C: I’m sure if you complain a little more they won’t do it again. 
$C: Because over a dozen people present at the meeting have been disturbed enough by recent events to break the law and reveal it.
$C: >Does our intelligence know if trump is guilty of crimes?

That's definitely part of their job. What they know is that Putin was personally involved in hacking and influencing the election. This is the information they showed Trump. Trump's guilt comes from the fact he has denied and obfuscated this information since that time. He is also likely guilty of other crimes relating to Russia.
$C: He didn’t. You’re misremembering things.
$C: what do you refer to? I don't remember that.
$C: Funny how people keep bringing up those emails no matter what the conversation is about. 
$C: >Bullshit, there's no evidence for these claims. Can't believe the hypocracy of the left! If you're interested in conspiracies--

We're not. 
$C: He tried to release a bipartisan statement but Mitch McConnell didn't allow it.  Many establishment Republicans are guilty too.
$C: lol troll
$C: 12 Sources. All in the room big guy, do you know what sources actually are?
$C: What about what about what about
$C: Amen 
$C: Hillary is likely a little corrupt, but she would have put America first more than Trump is. A lot of what he does is to make himself look good at the expense of good policy.
$C: >Unless it was changing votes at the ballot this doesn't matter.

You're wrong. 
$C: So have you been keeping up to date on the intelligence agencies? I've been reading the indictments and guilty pleas, and press releases. Or do you just read titles and then go and read comments that say there's no evidence? Things have been falling in to place for two years now. There's a two year long paper trail. None of this is hidden.

Whataboutism and ignorance are not very good observations. 
$C: That’s a good one.
$C: You’re so uninformed.
$C: Obama told Trump beforehand and he also wanted to release a joint statement with congressional leaders, but Mitch McConnell refused. Obama didn't want to release the information without bipartisan support because he didn't want it to appear politically motivated. 


$C: So we should be angry at Trump?
$C: Obama approached McConnell who promised to undermine the presidents efforts if he decided to combat it. 

And no one spied on Donald. 
$C: You don't care that your president is working with a foreign power for his own personal gain and then outright lying to you about it?  

*Really?*
$C: lol, all part of the plan my friend. Your 401k is how they are going to rob you BLIND. Mark my words. Your 401k is high now, but when the coming economic calamity that Trump has put us on the road towards comes along, your 401k is going to vanish into the pockets of the people running roughshod over your government right now. Just like last time.
$C: what a completely ridiculous statement..... go back to r/The_Donald where they buy into your bullshit
$C: Its not fake news (hear me out..)   
  
This is called an Op-Ed.  Its real, its just also incredibly biased.   
  
Actually if you check the wikipedia page for "Op-Ed" you'll see this which I find pretty comical in a really sad way...  
  
>A concern about how to clearly disclose the ties in the op-eds arises because the readers of the media cannot be expected to know all about the possible connections between op-eds, editors and interest groups funding some of them. In a letter to The New York Times, the lack of a clear declaration as to conflict of interest in op-eds was criticized by a group of U.S. journalists campaigning for more "op-ed transparency".[8][9]  
$C: What are you even saying?
$C: So I see the trump supporters are going with the denial strategy again. Must be nice to bury your head in the sand. 
$C: He’s caught in a lie now. No escaping it. Go burrow your head into the sand and pretend trump didn’t commit treason. 
$C: Throwaway meme for a throwaway account. 
$C: Go away, troll.
$C: I'm sure our intelligence officials' statements can be corroborated from a number of sources. 
$C: You’re lying.
$C: >Mr. Brennan later told Congress that he had no doubt where the attacks were coming from.

>“I was convinced in the summer that the Russians were trying to interfere in the election,” he said in testimony in May 2017. “And they were very aggressive.”

That was the director of the CIA, describing what I don't think any logical person would think was a "few Facebook ads".


$C: incel much?
$C: But how do they make hats out of pussies? I'd imagine the taxidermy required would preclude decent hatting.
$C: She's, at this point, just a private citizen. He's the president. It makes sense that his case is more newsworthy. And in my experience there are plenty of people criticizing the DNC and Hillary. It's just not as important politically right now as the president possibly being a crook. So it gets less coverage.
$C: Your falsely equating the two, hopefully you just don't understand the difference rather than baiting and trolling. 

I too am pissed that Bernie was pushed out but the DNC is a private political party subject to their own rules and processes. They aren't the government, their nominating process is completely independent from the US Government. As a result any shenanigans that occurred during DNC nomination is a private matter to be hashed out inside the DNC. Furthermore the DNC rules are changing, the old leadership is out and although I hate Tom Perez things are changing for the better.

Donald fucking Trump knowingly lying about Russian interference for the past two years despite being shown incontrovertible evidence of the conspiracy is a completely different matter. 
$C: >People hate Trump for this but dont give two shits that Hillary is just as bad...

Because she's not. 
$C: Straight from Trumps ass to your mouth. Except the Seth Rich part. Even he's not dumb enough to parrot that stupidity.
$C:  What do you expect us to do? Sit back and take it?
$C: Dead?  Treason is alive and well no matter how bored you are of it.
$C: Didn't Obama warn Trump about this and Trump still didn't do shit? 
$C: Are you a troll or just that stupid?
$C: So all senior management in the intelligence community as well as senators and representatives of both parties is behind this. Yet you believe the compulsive liar over all these people?

You are buying into an insane deep state conspiracy that isn’t there.
$C: [Inside story: How Russians hacked the Democrats’ emails](https://www.apnews.com/dea73efc01594839957c3c9a6c962b8a)

You’re lying.
$C: Give me a fucking break. You can go read the indictments. 
$C: https://www.npr.org/2018/07/15/629281975/fact-check-did-the-obama-administration-respond-to-election-interference-by-russ
$C: https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/2017/world/national-security/obama-putin-election-hacking/?utm_term=.484d43d65831 

There.
$C: [removed]
$C: Instead he spent two years demonizing the intelligence community and lying about it, throwing blame at everyone he could to benefit himself. 
$C: Cognitive dissonance says hello.
$C: My recollection is a bit hazy, but I seem to recall he was talking about direct voting fraud rather than mis/disinformation and direct hacking of party databases.
$C: Lie.
$C: gathered by a lot of people.  you think the dnc hacked themselves or something? lol
$C: Due to the fact actual crimes have been committed, I dispute this.
$C: so you know this..how?
$C: * Memes

* Facebook ads

* Vague social media commenting

* Some phishing emails

That's it. 
$C: Yeah, you're psychotic and need serious help before you kill someone.
$C: They do it just to hear you bitch about it. 
$C: obama? obama? obama? lol.

the subject is ..trump. try to pay attention.
$C: Whataboutism...the Republicans answer to Trumps stupidity.
$C: Ooof, somebody's worried.
$C: Are you twelve? 
$C: A foreign power hand picked the president of the USA. That president is now promoting foreign interests and attempting to cover up the truth.

How does a president from 50 years ago have any bearing on this?
$C: Numerous parts of the Steele dossier have already been confirmed. Most recently the past couple of days with confirmation that Russia torpedoed Romney's ascension to Secretary of State...
$C: That wasn't a fabrication.
$C: Trump lying to the American people for nearly 2 years doesn't matter? Him trying to sink and sabotage the investigation despite seeing undeniable proof doesn't matter?

Fuck out of here. Even if Trump wasn't apart of it during the campaign, the fact that he lied about it, covered it up, and tried to obstruct the investigation into it means he needs to be impeached.
$C: Wow I hope you aren't American because that is a disgusting and embarrassing sentiment if you are. 
$C: Damn.  You guys really are just utterly incapable of hiding.  I do not understand how anyone fell for this.
$C: Whataboutism 
$C: Pathetic. She'd have been a second Obama.
$C: Hey your talking point is quite outdated. 
$C: Our intelligence officials all say they told Trump Putin was personally responsible for interfering with the election. Trump is BFFs with Putin. 

Not to mention the investigation is still underway. 
$C: Lol yeah just ignore Jrs emails. 
$C: Pfft.
$C: How is his entire representation of this not been a colossal, embarrassing mistake? 
$C: At the end of the day he was told by top Intelligence officials that Russia, including Putin personally, were interfering in our democracy and he has made him his closest ally. That is treason. 
$C: Surely you should as an American? 
$C: Umm, clearly a lot of people. 
$C: Cyka blyat 
$C: Patriots.
$C: I won’t even comment that’s how little I care. 
$C: I guess that he didn't report is means it's treason? It sounds like a crime and that he was complicit in not reporting.
$C: TD Troll. Americans who are against Trump aren't sworn to Hillary like Trumps base are to him. Most Americans are disgusted that the POTUS is the puppet of a foreign power. It's not a Republican or Democratic issue. It's a corruption issue. I'll vote R again once Mueller cleans house.
$C: ...What??
$C: [deleted]
$C: Good job. Let's downvote people with questions, guys. 🙄
$C: Same. People are ignorant as shit
$C: You're right. The US should have given up during the cold war to avoid WW3. Now we all live in a nuclear crater. 
$C: I find it scary that even two years later that fabricated interpretation of what they supposedly released is still floating around.
$C: https://www.npr.org/2018/07/15/629281975/fact-check-did-the-obama-administration-respond-to-election-interference-by-russ
$C: So its true trump is a puppet?
$C: Get fucked, you uninformed troll.
$C: Get blocked by Bitch McConnell who threatened him to make it a partisan issue and blame him for interfering with the election. Next Russian BS propaganda talking point please. Done with this bot here.
$C: Treaded carefully. Too much action and he’d be blamed by Trump for “interfering” in the election. Too little action and Obama gets blamed for not doing enough. 
$C: Whataboutism. Obama never lied about this. 
$C: From NY Times????
$C: Pull your head out. Nobody can be more unlikable than Trump, unless you are a raging misogynist.
$C: > Isn't this a good reason to have the right to bare arms, if you essentially have an enemy acting as president?

There would be re-elections in any democratic country. Not expecting the US to do anything, though. Also, its bear arms. The right to bare arms is what you have during the dummer

> Also wouldn't it make more sense that the Russians hired hillary, she is the reason, after all, Trump is in power.

While I understand why you would say that, she was a shitty option too, she did win the popular vote. It was the Electoral College who decided that the winner of the elections shouldn't also win the presidency. 
$C: So you have nothing to say about the article or Trump’s treason?
$C: You're really pretty ignorant. 
$C: Americans don't hate Russian *people*, they hate Putin and your government. 

It's not xenophobic to condemn what your corrupt leader is doing to our country, just like how it's not xenophobic for other countries to condemn what the US has done to them throughout the years.

All that literature and those movies you are talking about stemmed from a very real 45 year Cold War. And currently, because of Putin's actions, doesn't really feel like it ended. 
$C: I seriously don't want you to believe that Americans dislike the Russian people- we don't. I don't view the Russian people any less favorably than any other populace. I believe Putin to be evil, but that doesn't reflect on you in any way.
$C: > You should be thanking Russia.

I’m pretty sure Trump did while he was blowing Putin in front of the whole world. 
$C: You’re spreading disinformation.
$C: Lol *what*. Your comment is a complete farce. 
$C: You'd be hard pressed to find an American with a functioning brain who wouldn't prefer a corrupt DNC to this shitshow.
$C: Russia interfered with our election and hacked our energy grid. Fuck Putin. 
$C: The DNC being compromised versus the USA being compromised. Gee, I wonder which is more important.

Wow, it's as if these brainwashed sheeple have their priorities straight!
$C: So I'm suppose to believe that russian agents went on Facebook and influenced the election?

If your dumb enough to shape your political beliefs and ideas on shit posts on Facebook then you shouldn't vote . 
$C: It’s far more than that. Far, far more than that. I’ve been looking at both sides from the start and am basically impartial as I’m English, and my conclusion at this point is that Trump is far more likely to have committed treason than not - and that’s from looking at The_Donald and Fox News as well as other far more liberal sources. You’ll never get to the bottom of anything if you constantly see the other side of the political spectrum as your enemy, and by the way, that goes for both sides. 
$C: No one is talking about why Trump won right now.  There are many reasons for that.  But that doesn't matter right now. Having been told in advance that Putin interfered with our election and choosing not to inform the rest of our government about this is beyond credulity. It's unfathomably unacceptable.  It is probably the ultimate disregard of the trust a POTUS is supposed to have with the citizens of a nation.

Also, we are *definitely* not prospering because of any of this.
$C: > you people 

Truth tellers?
$C: We are prospering because we are fucking America, and that is what we do. Have for a long time. GDP growth and most other metrics by which economies are measured are completely in-line with previous trends. Get a fucking life and comment on things you care about, because apparently you don't care about this topic very much since you know so little about it.
$C: Then stop reading just sensationalist headlines and educate yourself
$C: You're not helping.
$C: ya for sure dude 
$C: You are an insane person and you need help. 
$C: Going through a computer system would be nah human source informants would be human saying how or who would eliminate information flow 
$C: The intelligence community leaders, not secret service, presented to Trump.  

Obama administration started various investigations.  Obama called Putin to warn him off.  Everything you are seeing today came about from investigations that started under the Obama investigation.
$C: Instead of downvoting please offer up an explanation. 
$C: https://www.politico.com/story/2018/01/23/mitch-mcconnell-russia-obama-joe-biden-359531
$C: The actual answer is because Obama tried to be bipartisan and the Republican leader of the Senate told him to go fuck himself.  Playing nice was always Obama's greatest fault.  He should have ripped their throats out when he had the chance.
$C: Ignore the other guy that responded. It's simply common practice to not go tearing through things on your way out the door as president. Go out on smooth glide. He probably do 'something' but it wasn't the end all be all to stop this. And likely we don't know all the details yet on Obama's actions yet. 
$C: I think it’s because he knew he couldn’t un-elect Trump and he also knew it was more likely that he would spark a civil war by giving half the country permission to revolt than convince the other half that they had to flush their shiny new president. 
$C: because he spent his presidency mocking republicans for being distrustful of Russia and spent the 2016 election mocking trump for thinking the election could be rigged at all.
$C: Shut up bigot. Fuck Drumpf!!! -everyone person who still listens to the 6 corporations that control the news.
$C: [removed]
$C: Trump is Putin’s puppet.
$C: They were executed to favor Trump.
$C: No, this is not proof that Trump asked Russia to interfere. This is proof that he knew even before entering office that Putin himself was interfering, which he went on to lie about and side with Putin on. Perhaps a different kind of collusion. 
$C: again, what we are pointing out is that a foreign country that is opposed to us committed illegal acts to influence a presidential election.  Do you support that because it helped your side?
$C: > by releasing emails that were going to be released anyways 

I haven’t heard this conflated lie before. That’s some impressive stupidity.
$C: The important part here is that Trump, despite knowing this, lied about it. He lied to the American people outright. How can you possibly justify this?
$C: The Super Secret Putin Source was debriefing to his/her CIA handler, it doesn't say the CIA was working state side
$C: >Mueller wasnt able to get this? Two years ago. 

There's no way he didn't already know about this. An investigation like this is likely months ahead of what the general public is aware of.
$C: [deleted]
$C: > Mueller wasnt able to get this?

Why would you assume that?

> Oh the source is the cia.... They really really shouldnt be doing anything stateside.

The intelligence was gathered from Russian military officers and a source close to Putin. The exact sort of thing the CIA is supposed to be doing.
$C: This isn't about who won. This article is about Trump having been told by top intelligence officials that Russia, including Putin himself interfered with the election, and Trumps treasonous siding with Putin since then. 
$C: You're arguing that the only reason this is brought up is because a Republican is in office. Fine, that's true for both sides. But you cannot straight up ignore what is going on. That's insane. This is serious. It doesn't matter under what circumstance this is reported. To a more extreme extent, so that you may hopefully understand, that's as if Trump shot Hillary Clinton during a debate and claiming the only reason it's reported is for the benefit of the Democratic party.
$C: What’s so laughable is that this is not the first time the US electoral process has been influenced by foreign or domestic meddling. It’s not even the first time this century, lol! We invented this game.
$C: No I'm sorry, I don't support continuing on the road toward Idiocracy.
$C: Trump wishes that Hillary had won.
$C: You know it’s bad when the bots have to bring up the dossier to defend Trump.
$C: Are we though....

https://www.npr.org/2016/12/31/507596704/for-trump-obama-and-their-partisans-2016-won-t-end-on-new-year-s-eve

https://www.nytimes.com/2017/01/03/us/politics/trump-russian-hacking.html

https://www.nytimes.com/2017/01/06/us/politics/donald-trump-wall-hack-russia.html


$C: 3 million people more wanted her over trump
$C: Watching the ape you elected president suck Putin’s c*ck on an international stage on tv has no effect on trump’s cult of morons
$C: Y’all*
$C: Sure 
$C: Who's assuming? They definitely did meddle with the election. It's about whether or not Trump knew beforehand 
$C: Even if Trump was not working with them. Even if they didn't effect the election. He knew Putin was personally attacking our democratic process, and he has done nothing but side with that man. He is a traitor to his country. 
$C: You’re ok with the President being a criminal Russian puppet.
$C: This is wrong. Your ignorance is showing. McConnell blocked any bipartisan effort, among other things. This was reported on already. 
$C: You're either wrong or lying
$C: actually there was a measureable effect in support for clinton after the dnc emails were released and the fbi announced they were going to investigate them.
$C: Yeah, it would be awesome if all of the world's rich, educated, and successful people wanted to move to the U.S. However, that's not in any way realistic. If they're rich, educated, and successful in their native country, why uproot everything and move here? Sorry to break it to you, but we're just not that cool.

People migrate to improve their situation, which is why most immigrants come from "shithole" countries. The risks involved with moving here are far lower than remaining where they are. Unlike Norwegians, they are facing crippling poverty, rampant gang violence, and cruel dictatorships. 
$C: read stories, realize this isn't just clapper saying this...hmmm...
$C: > Are you guys stupid


I don't see a single person claiming this hasn't been happening. 


Other than the president of the United States, that is. 
$C: Yeah sure Donnie cultist
$C: this is flat out proof that trump knew before he was inaugurated that putin has been trying to fuck with the US and probably helped him get into power. That's a serious security threat to the US and everyone living there and partnered with them should be worried.
$C: They didn't post information to reddit, dipshit.  They told it to the New York Times.  Which has a long history of receiving such information.

Yes, and it was wrong when the US did it too.  I'm not sure why you guys seem to believe that is some kind of defense or counter argument.  You will find few to no US citizens that agree with the shitty things our intelligence agencies have done.  We just have no control over them.
$C: Are you just selectively blind? Or willfully ignorant?


$C: Someone didn't read the article. 
$C: Are you fucking kidding me? Go read the indictments. 
$C: There was an indictment of 12 Russian military officials last fucking Friday.

Jesus Christ dude...  Read it.  There is hard evidence of what they did.  
$C: "Russia hacked the DNC servers!" - Obama FBI that did not get to investigate DNC servers since the DNC did not let them
$C: I’m not going to worry about another country trying to subvert and undermine my country’s elections.  Just like we shouldn’t worry about mortar attacks so long as those mortars miss their targets and do minimal damage.  /s
$C: The thing about sources that intelligence agencies use is that they are usually kept secret.

And there is lots of hard evidence you are just ignoring it.
$C: I’m taking a wait-n-see attitude. From what I’ve gathered, Muller has a dozen or so indictments so there has to be something. As for the presentation of evidence, I reckon that because the investigation is ongoing, it makes sense that the evidence hasn’t been presented yet. Not sure if that’s how the system works. 
$C: This has been written about extensively for a long time.  There is hard evidence otherwise there would not have been indictments against 12 Russians.

This ties into the nature of proof. Do you have proof the  earth is round? Do you have proof that Obama exists? You take these things for granted without actually reviewing the hard evidence yourself. You consider it true because the alternative would imply an enormous conspiracy to deceive you, which is highly improbable.

This case is much the same. You form your opinion on lots of news articles quoting people and reports. We assume it is more plausible that the things they write about happened than not since that would imply a grand conspiracy. Remember not only are the majority of American security agencies behind this narrative but so are the politicians who have looked at the evidence.

And it is not America alone. Allied intelligence and news sources collaborate these stories. Remember the most damning evidence of Russian interference was obtained by dutch intelligence, and reported in dutch media.

Dutch intelligence was spying on the Russians to gather evidence on their downing of the passenger jet were many dutch died. In doing so they managed to hack into the FSB operations performing American election meddling. They could see the whole operation on camera taking place.

We have Cambridge Analytica which was hired by the Russians to obtain info about American voters to manipulate them individually.

The Russian meddling was as they have done for decades a combination of leaking embarrassing secrets and planting false stories.

They illegally hack and obtain information about everyone. Then they strategically leak. E.g. they had dirt on republicans as well but only leak about democrats to skew the results. 

The they manipulate you is by profiling. If they deem you will never vote Trump then then push you to vote on Jill Stein or stay home. They do that by targeting you wig lots of negative stories about Hillary and positive ones about Jill.

The Russians have been doing psychological warfare and manipulation for over 100 years. They are  very good at it.
$C: Whataboutism. Are you that easily played?
$C: You know, you could've figured out who the chef was a long time ago by reading actual documents and articles. This has been building for two years and all the Right has to say every time is that, Hey if there's nothing proven tomorrow, nothing exists! Well. There's dozens of indictments and multiple guilty pleas waiting for you to read them.
$C: Still don’t understand how news reporting works, huh?
$C: Bbbbbbbbullshit. 

Why is Trump so devoted to Putin?
$C: But he lost the popular vote...

So actually we didn't
$C: >Real American

The Republican attempt to own things like "Real America" and "Patriotism" is gross.  I'm pretty tired of hearing I'm not a real American because I like urban lifestyle, I am the child of an immigrant, I am college educated, and am very interested in the rest of the world.
$C: low effort troll is obvious
$C: We are; what are you even talking about?
$C: Spreading propaganda like a good slave.
$C: They have the "servers." They've had the information on them for quite a while, there's just nothing of any consequence there.
$C: “According to **nearly a dozen people** who either attended the meeting with the president-elect or were later briefed on it, the four primary intelligence officials described the streams of intelligence that convinced them of Mr. Putin’s role in the election interference.”

Not enough for you, eh?
$C:  " According to nearly a dozen people who either attended the meeting with the president-elect or were later briefed on it, the four primary intelligence officials described the streams of intelligence that convinced them of Mr. Putin’s role in the election interference. " 

Those are the sources, newspapers don't print the names of highly sensitive sources in their articles. That's not how this works, if and when Mueller finally indicts or recommends impeachment of this fat cunt evidence will be presented at trial or impeachment proceedings (god willing we get there) and all the evidence will be laid bare for you and everyone else to see. 
$C: the article is extremely well sourced. 

" According to nearly a dozen people who either attended the meeting with the president-elect or were later briefed on it, the four primary intelligence officials described the streams of intelligence that convinced them of Mr. Putin’s role in the election interference. " 

They aren't going to disclose the evidence in a newspaper that's not how this works. Evidence is presented at trial or at impeachment proceedings, read any of the indictments from Mueller to read about specific evidence. If and when this comes to trial and or impeachment proceedings all the evidence will be laid bare. 
$C: This is the worst part... This is theatre meant to keep us looking at the left hand while the right hand is doing something we're going to deeply regret in the future.  
  
"wow look at all the gold!"  
$250 and 60 throwaways and you can apparently have the greatest post in the world too..
$C: HAhaaha trumpys still find a way to rationalize this. Sad.
$C: False, troll
$C: Ya it's pretty surreal...like evidence that PUTIN himself ordered them? Guess we'll find out in the morning. Fingers crossed.
$C: [removed]
$C: If I’m reading this correctly, the “hypocrisy” would be that people who didn’t complain about Obama’s actions as president are now complaining about Trump’s? 
$C: The classified info about WMDs was correct. Bush chose to ignore it and told us there were definitely weapons
$C: You believe what you read on FOXNews?
$C: You could start by not complaining about downvotes. That one's kind of a no-brainer.
$C: But her emailsssssss
$C: This is a really tired talking point.
$C: You punch a guy in the face a year later an entirely different person punches you in the face, by your logic you should just be fine with it and do nothing because you have been known to punch people. 
$C: Liar
$C: What about what about what about
$C: Yep, it's bots.  That's the obvious explanation for why Trump's real traitorous nature being shown to the world is being upvoted.
$C: 38 Gold must be bots too
$C: Just like your account. Why believe it at all. 
$C: I also might win the next lottery. Why bother with my career at all?
$C: Try harder use caps or something...
$C: Low energy effort.
$C: We have no reason not to believe the top intelligence officials of our country that are all saying the same thing. 
$C: You’re a liar. Vote Democrat to fix this mess.
$C: I would imagine that attitudes similar to this stopped nearly *half* the US population from voting in the US elections. This has the unfortunate effect of derailing democracy because the loud voices of a minority can skew figures and hold sway over a majority. 

It’s only ‘all a show’ if people *allow* it to be. Voting is one of those situations where if you’re not part of the solution, you’re part of the problem.
$C: Are you delusional or a troll?

edit: troll
$C: I hope you're being paid for this because otherwise it's just sad.
$C: How is Siberia this time of the year.
$C: [removed]
$C: You're going to be so embarrassed one day when you look back on your life. 
$C: You make no sense. 
$C: https://www.npr.org/2018/07/15/629281975/fact-check-did-the-obama-administration-respond-to-election-interference-by-russ
$C: You poor, deluded person (?).
$C: Did it hurt when you'll lost to Croatia even after doping your players?
$C: The investigation started under the Obama administration. 
$C: If he'd breathed a word of it you'd have screamed bloody murder about abuse of power.
$C: Trump tweeted putin that he did a good job not doing anything back when obama expelled Russians for it. 
Then started to find ways to lift sanctions, then waited weeks to sign sanctions put up by the house . 
Good try though clown 
$C: Trump’s in Putin’s pocket. 

Explain Trump’s behavior. What do we get for all his groveling?
$C: Straight white Christian men are not being oppressed. Stop pretending like they are
$C: Imagine being this stupid
$C: You guys could get slapped in the face with the evidence and you would still find a way to deny it.
$C: Wat
$C: Do you have any reputable source that hillary took $400M?
$C: Do you work in a coal mine or something?

Clean the dust out of your ears lol
$C: It's so hollow that there are 32 indictments, 5 guilty please, and now the former Deputy Director of Counter Espionage Division for the Justice Department getting involved with prosecuting a spy.

Real hollow.
$C: It sounds like something my ex would say. 
“Giveuptheghostbuster, you know I didn’t cheat, bc if I did you’d never know about it”. Wtf?!
$C: Realize how many people knew the president was briefed and spent 2 years bull's hitting 

Recall the federal representatives  who refuse to act
$C: Reporter: How do you know Mr Putin is right? 
Trump: Because he said so! Next question. Fake news 
$C: They expected to get caught I think. It's destabilization tactics. 
$C: This is such a fucking logic pretzel it's actually hurting my brain
$C: Not defending what he said but I interpreted it as "we are too good to be caught, so if you found evidence it is from a sloppy attempt that must have been someone else". Still a terrible argument though. 
$C: What is outrageous is the reaction to the news. People didnt know? People couldnt figure it out?

I am not outraged or surprised at this news. They have always hacked US. US have always hacked RUS. Cyber attacks are routine. Election interference is routine for every country. Damnit they probably have agreements in place to practice their skills against one and other. Its defacto normal. Both sides anticipate the next attack, so they can better test and train their defensive capability.

But if you paint the picture that only RUS is a threat, you can present it as a weapon for trump-haters to pick up and bludgeon POTUS with, get clicks and increase your sweet sweet ad revenue. Its what folks want :D
$C: Not if you risk being sent to jail by said revelations. 
$C: It is also a lie. It is clear that US intelligence was inside tracking this as it was happening. 
$C: You realize, of course, that you are debating in your head with the prattle of a narcissist. 

Better off herding cats, pissing in the wind, rearranging deck chairs on the Titanic, pushing water uphill with a rake, squeezing blood from a turnip, pushing on a rope, pounding sand.
$C: It’s probably worse than our wildest imaginations. 
$C: If you havent caught them though then how do you know it was them?
$C: Wait what? That's not the conclusion drawn from anything. What am I missing 
$C: I may not be the most informed on this particular subject (concerning Trump and Russia), but, where I'm from, the more somebody brags about how good they are at something, the less and less likely they are to actually be good at that thing. 

What I'm saying is this: just because Moscow believes that their cyber warriors are so good that they wouldn't leave a trace and never be caught doesn't actually mean that they are THAT good. 


Disclaimer: I am not a fan of Trump. I do not believe he is competent to be the leader of the free world, and I am honestly terrified to see how the next 2 years plays out after seeing how quickly things have gotten bad in the last 2 years. That being said, I am a firm supporter and practitioner of examining the argument from both sides of the fence, objectively, to reach and unbiased conclusion. 
$C: > “It cannot be them because we are not good enough to catch them.”

Has nothing to do with "not being good enough" but everything with "[shit is so easy to fake that you can make up literally anything you want](https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2015/03/attack_attribut_1.html)".

Of course, [Russia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fancy_Bear) has cyber operations going on, just like the [US has](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Equation_Group), just like [China](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PLA_Unit_61398) has just like every major modern economy has or at least tries to.

And literally, everybody, who knows what they are doing, is using [hijacked servers](https://www.theregister.co.uk/2016/10/31/shadow_brokers_dump/) and obfuscated/copied code to disguise their involvement and miscredit the attack, if it's actually discovered.

This isn't as simple as "Portscans coming from a Russian IP, the Russian state is attacking us!", depending on who you ask, [today Russia is the most attacked country](https://cybermap.kaspersky.com/stats/) , or [Honk Kong](http://www.digitalattackmap.com/) and Norse, if their map would work, would probably have yet another country on the top.

Point being: Shit is pretty much impossible to control and fully understand. Unlike nuclear weapons you don't need some ultra rare resource to enact a lot of damage and chaos, you only need the right kind of knowledge and a couple of equally knowledgeable, and willing people, often putting you on somewhat equal playing terms as full-blown nation states.
$C: Trumplogic is way worse than I thought it was. 
$C: Putin does have good murdering skills
$C: Ah, the good ol' Shaggy defense. 
$C: And that man?

Albert Einstein 
$C: ...it's up to the jury in that instance.
$C: wouldain't
$C: That is the point, yes, but as he mentioned, that would just mean something even worse must be going on.
$C: Really clever Russian hackers leave traces on purpose so that they can then defend themselves by claiming they would have left no trace.
$C: probably the guy in the basement.. he would leave traces
$C: It's certainly got us all in an uproar, doesn't it?  I'm thinking it wasn't about getting Trump the presidency (though that was one step), the endgame was to simply get us all really upset with each other, and sit back while we destroy ourselves. 
$C: >Trump's jod to say in public..no big deal

He has said more than "no big deal" as in actively encouraging them but because you're a deplorable person (well from the last few comments), and mostly it's "the liberals" (or 50+% of americans) in harms way, you have no problems with it and probably enjoying it. Sick person with even more sickening ideology. 
$C: Proof like this?

[Inside story: How Russians hacked the Democrats’ emails](https://www.apnews.com/dea73efc01594839957c3c9a6c962b8a)
$C: Considering the details they have reluctantly put out (reluctantly since it was not in the early watered down version), they clearly have more sources than some log files. One of those sources might have been one of the people around GRU's cyber unit that died closely after the election.
$C: It's not reddit finding the boston bomber and it's not Rebecca getting a pop-up from her firewall when she comes back of the morning's fifth cup of coffee, it's US security & intelligence personnel determining the origin of cyber attacks on their government and infrastructure.

But I suspect Trump's deception machine will play the same strategy that you're trying to employ - trying to get the intelligence service to give up as much information as possible "to prove their case" so the Russians can clean up and do better next time.
$C: Good proof for you.

https://www.apnews.com/dea73efc01594839957c3c9a6c962b8a
$C: [deleted]
$C: Obama didn't want to seem like he was tainting HRC's presumed election.

Illegal immigrants aren't allowed to vote. The number that have done actually voted is pretty low. Since you seem to be a conspiracy guy, try checking out what the state of Florida did to its voter rolls in the 2000 election. 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Florida_Central_Voter_File

The State of Florida hired a Republican company, ChoicePoint, to purge the voter rolls of convicted felons. However, the matching mechanism they used was incredibly loose and many people were struck off without being verified. Then they'd go to vote and be turned away, not knowing why.

This is how we got George W. Bush as President and a stupid-ass war in Iraq. (and it was this war without bothering to try and rebuild Iraq that led to the creation of Islamic State).
$C: The disinformation age
$C: Idk man. We can joke now, but it’s going to suck explaining to our kids how we became a Russian territory.
$C: *"I'm just a simple president."*  — Bush jr. being way more humble, but still acknowledging science as compatible with his faith: _I think that God created the Earth, created the world; I think the creation of the world is so mysterious it requires something as large as an almighty, and I don’t think it’s incompatible with the scientific proof that there is evolution._ 

I facepalmed over Bush (jr.), and now he looks like a saint. Nowadays, science is fake news ... 
$C: Yes, the stupid age. But dont get me wrong. I dont only mean the administration and the potus.       
The american citizens are stupid too.         
       
There have been successful mass protests for much less than what your white house did. When your population is too lazy to march to washington by the millions, then it is your fault
$C: """Fun""" fact: Fox News was founded by the mastermind behind Republican presidential campaign advertising, who recognised the evergrowing usage of television compared to other media, and how, when watching television "all the thinking is done for you".

Calling this stupid age of America, with Fox News Network existing, is understatement. You guys entered the greatest age of propaganda, not by authotitian government, but trough free market.
$C: Stupid Watergate. 
$C: Welcome to Costco i love you.
$C: The Orange Years
$C: It's astonishing. I mean, apart from any potential collusion, American policy re: Russia is now gibberish.

\- He says the U.S. need to be friends with Russia, but also no U.S. president has been tougher on Russia. Which is it??

\- He says he sees no reason why Russia wouldn't have been involved in election tampering, then seems happy with Putin offers help in investigating?

The last few days have been watching the U.S. President, the 'leader of the free world' have a 'dog ate my homework' moment. I said would, I meant wouldn't. I answered no, but that was to a different question.. 

Who knows what the hell he agreed to (or disclosed) in that private meeting? How does the U.S. intelligence community deal with him from now on?
$C: I think we are to the 21st century what the Victorian age was to the 19th - a dark period of resistance to rationalism, aggressive ignorance, mysticism, pseudo-science, religious and conservative revival and general decline. Let's hope we get past it...
$C: Start buying shares in anything with electrolytes.
$C: "Dad, what was it like living in the Stupid Age?" 

"Well, son...it was really fucking stupid."
$C: I'd like to see Mel Brooks take on this age.
$C: The Great Fage
$C: Here’s the thing. Everything being taught today already makes you stupid. 
$C: Then what will we call this current age?
$C: The Post-Truth Era 
$C: The Stupid Watergate
$C: It truly is 
$C: Lies Age
$C: The cyber age is fucking weird.
$C: That would be great
$C: The great meme war of 2016
$C: I'm just hoping for a future at this point. 
$C: What's a cheeto grandad?  Was this during the meme depression or afterwards? 
$C: Damn if this isn't the most amazing sentence I've ever read, and I'm not even American
$C: [deleted]
$C: I'm more curious about the scope of all of this. I mean, how much Russian propaganda did you see?

See, it's difficult for me to accept that a single meme, or even a dozen meme's, would really convince people to change who they were going to vote for.

It's like bumper stickers, how many conservative bumper stickers would you need to see in order for you to vote Trump? How many pro-Trump meme's would it take for you to vote for Trump?
$C: Unless it was all a ploy to fool us into thinking the next guy is any better
$C: Cheeto Benito
$C: https://theintercept.com/2018/07/16/a-spirited-substantive-debate-on-the-trumpputin-summit-russia-and-us-politics/

I think these points are important too
$C: Pretty soon we're going to be reading scathing articles by Spider Jerusalem about the whole situation.
$C: I hope I get to explain them why that uninhabited place to the east of Europe is full of craters and radioactivity.
$C: Better get to procreatin'....
$C: And,while completely immersed in a vr contraption, they will turn their head in your direction and ask.  “Is someone talking?”
$C: And how you were bravely fighting against him with the establishment, the corporations and the mainstream. 
$C: C'mon now. That would require someone wanting to breed with you. Keep your hopes up!
$C: Russia! A place where memes were illegal at the time!
$C: The worst part is that countries have been here before. At every turn there is someone worse than the last guy. I mean, the US has had so many scandals with presidents, I bet they were sure they had the worst one at the time. But someone always comes along to lower the bar even further and to distract the people from issues that need to be solved, usually by doing and saying outlandish shit for people to argue about on end.

Then they get a slightly better leader, who may be a bit more charismatic and who promises change, but doesn't do much before the cycle repeats itself.

There will probably be someone worse than Trump. There doesn't have to be if the people have had enough. But at this point it's almost as if they want to see how far they can push the abuse of power, corruption and poor performance before the people refuse to take anymore. They keep getting away with it, too, as fewer people take an interest in what's happening beyond superficial, self righteous slurs and identity politics.

The more they can divide the people and create conflict (using victimisation, perceived oppression, racism, classism etc) the easier it is to get away with shit. And boy do we love the drama.

People today are so apathetic they're waiting on a revolution someone else must start. If you don't fight for your life, your family, your community and your country, no one else is going to do it for you.
$C: Don't forget Ugandan Knuckles!
$C: I don't think he was. Rather, a certain Republican FBI boss played with Trump and claimed they were investigating Clinton over something that he acknowledged was nothing. That is, fueling conspiracy theories. 
  
 He found out a bit late what he had been doing ... 
$C: And voted in by US citizens
$C: You’ll tell about the great 8 years and how Crooked Hillary got in jail for collusion with Russia & illegal campaign funds(400M!) ENJOY!
$C: Even though each and every time Rosenstein speaks he says no election outcome was changed, no efforts worked, NO AMERICANS were involved, you ignore that piece, but some whack job posts a catchy meme on Reddit or Twitter and you are all in,  SMH.
$C: Because critical thinking isn't emphasized in our schools. Teaching to the test means memorizing the correct answer instead of working to find -an- answer. 

When you can defend or prove your answer, you display reasoning and a thought process even if you're objectively wrong. Through the process of preparing a proof, you might find your mistakes. Saying "because the book says so" is a lot easier than reasoning, but does not count for intelligence.
$C: If you'll pardon the comparison, it'd be similar to how people today look back at the Weimar Republic and say "How'd they let the Nazis take over and do all those horrible things."
$C: I never believed there were Russian bots or people paid to sow discord until like a few weeks ago, actually. I was on Facebook and I commented something totally innocuous (all I said was, "It's annoying that they put this girl in every video and she's on my wall no less than 6 times a day") on a Food Insider video. 

Some random, anonymous-looking Facebook profile complete with generic "John Smith"-like name, stock photo as a profile picture, no friends, and "I own two successful businesses and a Ferrari. I love to skydive" in the profile information section called me a racist because she is Asian, complete with buzzwords like "snowflake" and "alt-right" and genuinely not wanting to converse, just wanting to throw around the political insults du jour. He was also clearly not an English speaker. It was like a masterclass in how to fit in every single word that riles people up. It was bizarre and very obvious, but lots of people were liking his posts and interacting with him like he was really who he said he was.
$C: Hell i can barely believe i just read this 

>the Russian president had made a persuasive case that Moscow’s  cyberskills were so good that the government’s hackers would never have  been caught. Therefore, Mr. Trump recounted from his conversation with  Mr. Putin, Russia must not have been responsible. 

If that isn't the most amazingly stupid excuse i ever heard
$C: https://theintercept.com/2018/07/16/a-spirited-substantive-debate-on-the-trumpputin-summit-russia-and-us-politics/

Not just wool being pulled over our eyes, much more complex, do you really think putin putting some ads on facebook single handedly did this?
$C: [deleted]
$C: >*How? HOW?!?!*  
  
Because half the country thinks it is worse having a liberal democrat as a president than having Russia elect a president for them. Literally.  
  
It's a hard pill to swallow, but that is how much the US is divided today.  
  
It's going to get really fucking ugly if both the democrats and republicans don't find common ground.  
  
If people keep pushing aggressive far-left liberalism, the other half are going to respond with their extreme. Both parties have to tone it down a lot.
$C: 2 steps forward,  45 steps back 
$C: I still believe that your election system was  completely rigged. Sure, cheeto has a few loud supporters but not enough to make him President.

Thinking that people collectively lost their minds takes the focus from the real issue. If you have enough money you can buy yourself the presidency.

If anything, it will be one for the system security books. 
$C: I keep hearing the blame put on the citizens but I dont get how the CIA, FBI, Obama, much of Congress, knew about this and had detailed reports on it, and then decided the best way to deal with it was to present the info to *the person who benefitted and complied with all the illegal activity* and see what he does about it. (After letting him get a supreme court nomination also) Whatever measures were put in place by Obama, Comey, etc during the election were clearly not sufficient and that baffles me. Im amazed trumps president, working forPutin, and that the whole Republican partys been bought and blackmailed out. BUT the sheer inadequacy of everyone actually doing their jobs is the only thing that I dont understand. 
$C: Wait, what? Millions more voted for Hillary. 

Our system is just broken
$C: You guys are acting like Trump is the first shady president in a long line of stand up guys. You are the one being naive if anything. 
$C: It wasn't half the country. It was barely a third of the country coupled with sinister partisan election system laws that benefit the GOP along with weaponized misinformation.

I agree that this era in history will be extensively studied by historians and there will be a debate for many years to come over what exactly went wrong and where to cause this clusterfuck to have happened.
$C: It's not 1/2. Hillary won the popular vote. I know it's meaningless in terms of who we have in charge now, but it's useful to look at the voting numbers when you're saying things like "how did 1/2 the country get the wool pulled over their eyes?"

Also, the more information that comes out, the more I begin to doubt the legitimacy of the election results. At this point, it would not surprise me to learn that Russians were able to manipulate vote counts just enough to throw the election. 

Yes, there are fools who support him. But the disinformation is also fooling those who don't support him when we say things like "1/2 the country." His actual number of supporters is minuscule. Don't let the bots fool us into thinking he has the majority of the country's support. He doesn't.
$C: Well the two of your examples are one types of media pushing one thing so the poeple who listened to other media might have wanted an opportunity to take control back.
$C: Because this is the first time society has had to deal with the internet and we don't know how to use it properly yet.
$C: How?... Because people are emotional animals and once you get the right way to pique their interest its easy to sway them. The right kind of education would help this. But yeah... 
$C: Isn't that because half the country chose an autistic sheep rather than a narcissistic wolf?
$C: You say that, and I've heard the same being said after WW2 - but there too, the people voted Hitler in, democratically. The people - or at least a big enough majority - really hated the jews. And after the totalitarian government was established, the laws changed to give them unconstrained power, Europe was taken over for a big part, and (in secret), any jewish, gypsy, dissident, etc person was forced into concentration camps to work and die.  


The people at large weren't aware of the concentration camps until late or after the war. I'm sure some people branded it as fake news, propaganda too.  


But we live in the information age now, and we get history lessons on TV - and still people don't see it. Ten years ago or however long it's been, the stories of Guantanamo Bay and the CIA "black sites" came out, modern-day concentration camps where war crimes are committed, and everyone (EVERYONE) turns a blind eye. The NATO failed in that regard. Bush and the whole regime that set it up should answer to a tribunal for war crimes.  


Of course, that's not going to happen; the US already expressed, in no unclear terms, that they would use their military to defend or extract their citizens if they were to have to answer to a tribunal.
$C: It’s not out there where the stupidity is. Reddit gleefully demonized Clinton with assists from Russia when they couldn’t handle that their white guy of choice was losing a primary—and he lost it not due to dnc interference but bc it turns out that having lunch with Killer Mike isn’t enough to win over the black voters at our base. 

Go look at the Reddit users egging on Guccifer and Wikileaks and proudly declaring how Clinton is as bad as trump and doesn’t deserve their votes. 

The idiots aren’t the country bumpkins out there. It’s the ones who saw need for a revolution and fiddled while We burned. 
$C: Hey, even Nero stemmed from the Julio-Claudio dynasty.
$C: Because most ppl are stupid 

Even pretty decently smart ppl have flaws 

We’re just not perfect 
$C: Well ... shortly after the Internet started becoming a household name millions of people gave money to a Nigerian Prince. So ...
$C: Because the rednecks and good ole boys were pissed that there was a sophisticated, eloquent black man holding the highest office in the land.  So the people pulling the strings told them that all of their problems were his fault and when they had their chance, they put the exact opposite in his place.
$C: The half of the country that got duped just happens to be the worst educated half. Republicans hate education, it's why you always hear talks of "elitist" liberals and why they always throw doubt on "the experts". Smart people are harder to manipulate, just look at any Trump rally and you'll immediately notice that the average IQ in the room is probably less than the temperature.
$C: God knows why. This is why need to keep check of your media and if any party is starting to demonize people and divide them.

After 8 years with what seems like one party joining up with media it creates this dangerous narrative of lies and deception, both the power and the media playing off each other to be convincing.

There won't always be a hero like Trump that can come along and beat them down.
$C: Because all of those things in the name of progress greatly upset the yokels.
$C: Because they want to believe it.  Trump was a huge critic of Obama among many other assholes like Mc Connell.  So all of trumps reversing everything Obama did is a positive in their mind backed up by plenty of propaganda and other nefarious behavior
$C: I'm shocked, shocked that governments would interfere in other's elections. 

The US completely gutted Russia economically and politically in the 90s and 2000s you know... they have an interest in ensuring it doesn't happen again. That's not necessarily malicious - it's just self preservation.
$C: Because of a two party system where the two parties are so extremely different, but a slim electoral margin (in this case **negative** 3%) means that a completely different ideology gets to do whatever it wants for four years, and because millions of people are too disengaged in politics and corrupted by greed and stupidity to put their good, and the public good, ahead of their emotions.
$C: [deleted]
$C: >  How? HOW?!?!

The fact that you still dont know why shows that Trump is just another symptom of the stupidity of the US.

ANd btw, you're going to re-elect him at this pace. That is, if you first dont discover the whys.
$C: >After the first black president? How? HOW?!?!

BECAUSE of this!
$C: > How did half the country get the wool pulled over their eyes in the information age?? 

Maybe they just really didn't like it when a warmonger said "Women have always been the primary victims of war. They lose their husbands, their sons..."

And then decided to vote against the psycho.

^(( or maybe you can continue believing half the country is crazy and there are no valid reasons for their choices that you might be able to help address, sure) ^) 
$C: **\>So quickly after the supreme court ruled in favor of gay marriage? After the first black president? How? HOW?!?!**  
Holy moly you are arrogant. How the fuck having a black president and pretending that mentally ill people are just like everyone else exclude Trump being president? Did someone intensively drop you on the floor?
$C: History is doomed to repeat itself. 

We didn’t learn enough history apparently. 
$C: > Indeed it has been said that democracy is the worst form of Government except for all those other forms that have been tried from time to time.…

-Winston Churchill
$C: More like just the American system - this would never happen in Europe. 
$C: I think of my high school graduation before and after trump. I graduated in 2015 and then a week later Trump gave his stupid speech on how Mexicans are rapists.
$C: You're literally referencing a popular novel turned popular TV series. People will understand the reference.
$C: Blessed be the fucking fruit. 
$C: Only the boys will read this. 
$C: Thankee-sai
$C: Oh yea
$C: Shit you right
$C: Pretty much
$C: "I'll need 1000 gold from you in order to make preparations."
$C: I'd like to see that, if you would too, then make sure to vote in the 2018 midterm elections on November 6th of this year!

If the Democrats get the majority, they can begin impeachment proceedings!
$C: I know this is probably a dumb question, and for a while it's been one of those, "and at this point I'm too afraid to ask" type of questions for a while now, but screw it.


What does reddit gold even do? Is it just money that you get and you can spend it at the reddit store or something?
$C: woj bomb
$C: There was an r/AskReddit on what everyone thought the first post to get 1 million upvotes would be; I think it will be this
$C: I'll add one if this happens!
$C: A yuge sense of pride and accomplishment 
$C: What the fuck even happens once things return to "normal" in the government enough for Russia to get punished for their crimes? How do we respond once we have the balls? Is it gonna be war?
$C: Won't 1000 gold break the internets?
$C: 5k for the public execution for high treason. 
$C: Why are people even gilding this
$C: Sadly, I think impeachment is a pipe dream now. Even if Democrats take the house and (unlikely) the senate, it’ll be too little, too late. I think the message needs to be take the house and maybe the senate in 2018 and take back the executive branch in 2020. Then god help the democrat president that has to try to clean up this shot show.
$C: Unfortunately, this is a pipe dream. Considering  how much of the GOP is in cahoots with Russia (if only because of their love for bribes), it would also mark the end for them, and they are currently quite close in controlling all three branches of government. The GOP can say all the empty words they want when it always ends in no action and just acts to protect their spineless back.
$C: It's reddit, there will be a repost
$C: I may come back and gild this comment.
$C: and i was just your 1000th upvote for this comment
$C: The golden race 
$C: It will be more than 1000
$C: I'm saving up to chip in! 
$C: Is that a r/wallstreetbets kinda thing, like an over-under?
$C: I'll put my $5 to that.
$C: I would break my gold virginity giving one of those.
$C: I don't think Russia will be funding it in that case....
$C: i hope its me
$C: any day now....any day now....was gunna be a while ago....any day now......any moment now.........s.s.soon....it will happen.....any d- What? its 2020 already?  
$C: There are dedicated bots that upvote and gild posts like this. Doesn't matter who posts first, what matters is who pays more to have it reach the top lol. 
$C: But thats some bs. Being the first doesnt mean you deserve anything 
$C: I bet someone has built a script to autopost the first impeachment article that comes up to reap that sweet, sweet gold.
$C: !Remind Me Never probably :(
$C: **\>implying it will ever happen**
$C: Guess we'll never see that happen :) 
$C: LMAO see you in 2024
$C: obama knew and ordered a stand down.
$C: Dude. Wtf.
$C: Never gonna happen... not the gold part, the impeachment part. :)
$C: Lol, still with the impeachment hope?!      
Sad
$C: The comment he’s referencing, in case anyone else is curious:  

https://reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/2lel5s/_/clu14fx/?context=1
$C: People need to stop gilding stuff full stop. "I like what you're said so I'll give some money to reddit" - each and every time I see someone gilded I get a little depressed that so many people here are actually dumb enough to buy their bullshit. 
$C: Hilarious.Exactly. Why are people enabling the admins/site owners and their fucking bullshit? Why would you willingly give them revenue, when they shit on our wishes as users, at every single opportunity they get? Why the fuck would you gild a link to a new story, anyway? Fuck this site.
$C: damn
$C: https://www.reddit.com/r/MMA/comments/6mpyn4/dana_got_a_little_excited_at_the_press_conference/dk3g4iz/



2265 gold. 
$C: No. 9 for me on /r/all right now.
$C: Why tho
$C: Do you feel better now? You did something, right?
$C: https://www.reddit.com/r/MMA/comments/6mpyn4/dana_got_a_little_excited_at_the_press_conference/dk3g4iz/


This is the one you're looking for. 
$C: By being a good noodle, Patrick
$C: People buy them and decide who to give it to. Mostly it’s witty comebacks or funny posts, but sometimes it’s good articles like this. 
$C: No.
$C: He's right, people, we should ignore actual treason because something something dems something something hillary. 
$C: No dude. This is all legit, genuine grass roots stuff going on with reddit. 
$C: Who ties your shoelaces for you?
$C: Didn't think I'd be seeing a RCT reference here
$C: All umbrellas for the golden showers are $20
$C: Shit, put a no entrance sign at the exit and throw all the unhappy guests in the lake! 
$C: “Mr. Trump, I have decided *not* to endorse your park.”
$C: Construct additional pylons
$C: TIL there's an emoji for a graph going down
$C: John, after careful consideration I've decided not to endorse your park.
$C: r/unexpectedrct
$C: Time to throw all the unhappy ~~citizens~~ customers into the lake and watch them drown.
$C: I can't find the park exit.
$C: Shit, that’s good. 
$C: The collusion never ends!
$C: Underrated.
$C: ERIC SHUT UP
$C: No.
$C: I DON'T FEEL LIKE SOLVING THE RIDDLE RIGHT NOW
$C: You need to solve the riddle
$C: 100% agree that I’ve seen my fair share of apathy towards people from corporate America.  Seems a lot of businesses relish the rotating door style of management versus any possibility of helping an employee.  What they don’t get is that if you’re loyal to an employee and make every reasonable attempt to correct an issue, that employee will work their heart out and be happy doing it.  The whole “it’s just business” mentality has to go.
$C: [deleted]
$C: It's screwed up.  And on top of that, people who have worked at places for a long time and have received raises and whatnot have to be more on their toes or they'll get fired to bring in someone who will start with lower pay doing the same job...

It's not lack of compassion in society as a whole.  Just lack of it at the top.
$C: And we've branded this shitty version of servitude to the whims and pleasures of corporations "freedom." 
$C: I worked on a project in China with a lot of Americans (I'm from Australia) It was a bit of a culture shock as almost everyday there was always talk amongst the Americans on the project about being fired if they did this or didn't do that. Being fired seems so ingrained in the American work culture.

Do they not know it will be harder for them to find or train a replacement instead of just letting people just do their jobs and maybe then learning or making up for mistakes.

I don't know how you can expect to perform at your best with the constant threat of being fired.
$C: My boyfriend has been unemployed since the end of last year because his administrative job at a well-known locations-everywhere-in-the-US company cut him and his team to make fourth quarter profits look good. They didn't even give him a reason - they don't have to. It was just "We're very happy with your work, and we're letting you go." Then they went page by page through his notes, confiscated his papers, and escorted him out. Turns out the same thing happened to the last team - apparently that's "just the way they do things." It boggles my mind because this is grossly inefficient and deeply demoralizing...but they make billions in profit by importing cheap shit from China, squeezing their hourly wage staff to the point of desperation, and keeping a revolving door for their (low-level) corporate staff. When being hired, he'd negotiated slightly above their base salary offer. He was fired the week he had made the base salary (annually). I felt like that was salt in the wound. I will never shop at that shitty store again (not like it matters to them). 
$C: It's been like that since at least the early '80s that I know of. Americans are very odd. We can be incredibly compassionate one on one. But at a national level, we are  very hateful towards each other. In the 80's and 90's, I talked with people who were giddy with delight that American companies were moving off-shore because imports were going to be cheap. i'd ask them: what about your fellow Americans who are being laid off as a result of companies no longer manufacturing in the US? They didn't care. On top of that, Americans believe that collective action can never work, the only tool in your tool box for making your life better is what you personally can do as an individual with no help from anyone. As a result, the individual American worker has zero means of improving bad workplace situations and zero safety nets if they lose a job without notice or can't find a job. Combine that with utterly unaffordable healthcare and you have a nation of people in extreme financial insecurity who are totally convinced they cannot use collective action to improve their situation. Americans actually believe that having a majority of the population living in financial insecurity somehow makes us stronger as a nation. If you ask us exactly how that works, we can't tell you, which suggests the faith we have that economic insecurity makes us a stronger and more determined people is the result of brainwashing rather than careful analysis and logical thinking. Based on my observation, the only thing that extreme financial insecurity accomplishes is ever-increasing inequality and rule by plutocrats. 
$C: On top of that, I really don’t get working for tips. The idea that someone can arbitrarily decide how much your labour is worth on the spot just perplexes me. 
$C: Many states have laws which allow an employer to fire someone for no reason at all (or more accurately, they don't have to give a reason). 
$C: I just got fired and my managers reasoning was “it’s just not working out” when all of my coworkers agreed I was one of the best at my job and we have all just worked two 12 hour 5 day weeks.  There is no workers rights in the us 
$C: The streets of major cities are crowded with homeless and mentally ill homeless, makes me think it's apathy at all levels from individual to government/cooperate.
$C: Not to mention how it's the norm for customers to treat people working in retail like sub-humans.
$C: I've worked for many American companies, but in the UK, where labour laws limit them - on occasions they've been really pissed off that they can't do the same shit here.

Mostly recently, I worked for an American company that laid of about 230 of 250 people.  The CEO announced that there would be layoffs instantly in the states (Utah and NY), but "Unfortunately, the UK have regulations that we have to follow"

He said that in a company wide meeting to everyone about to lose their jobs.  He was reportedly also pissed off that redundancy packages are not only a thing, but there's a legal minimum here.

Guy was clearly a cunt.
$C: Your comment on psychopath middle management is 100% accurate sir.
$C: You should see the amount of scams that are on job boards/websites here in New York alone.
$C: Slavery is still a huge part of our culture. There's still a feeling of great injustice by some in America, largely unconscious, that they have to *pay* workers. This comes out in the form of anti-labor and attempts to repeal the minimum wage and, failing that, lock it in at the current low rate.

If you don't want to be a slave don't be born a slafe. If you don't want to be poor don't be born poor.
$C: It is worse than that.  Right to work gives employees the right to terminate without notice and reason.  In big bank jobs in the us, if you file an hr complaint for ethic and legal issues, you can kiss your chance at a career at any of the big 5 banks gone. I'm sure it is the same in other industries.  


Edit: Pardon me, f'ed it up.  Right to work is for unions, at will employment is the rule that allows you to fire someone without giving a cause.
$C: It taught me that Americans have no compassion for their own people (MK Ultra stuff) so it's very unreasonable for us to expect them to show compassion for the rest of the world. The stuff they did in South America and Africa, in Vietnam and many parts of Asian, included ready to nuke Japan to stone age in case two bombs were not enough, ect...ect...
$C: Contrary to popular belief, the US are no first world country by a long shot. I wouldn't exactly say they're a third world country, but in some aspects, they really are.
$C: Well, such is class society. You don't get anything from being compassionate in capitalism. 
$C: rules bro.

if those tons of experiments they carried out like milgram and stanford showed anything it is that we can all act like jerks and if something is the rule then people will follow those rules.

i don't believe for many of those people it is malice, it is more "this is what i have to do when x/y/z happens" and those oompa loompas follow their rules. 

uninspired followers i guess, banality of evil and all that?
$C: I'm in the US and used to work low level jobs. 

I completely agree middle management is made up of psychopaths.


Edit: Some middle managers once had a fit because forty-nine cents was missing from the register.

They would not let me pay it out of my pocket change.



$C: It depends on the industry some times. I've been very lucky to have some great bosses over the years but have seen bad bosses(that weren't mine) as well. 

On the flip side, I've also worked jobs where complete fuck ups, who constantly try to game the system by taking long breaks and doing barely any work, will be allowed to remain on the job making the same amount as I do.
$C: I'm threatened with my job probably 2 or 3 times a year. Not like "haha, you wont be here too long if you keep it up"...but actually pulled into a office with atleast 2 persons from management (they say they need a witness, but I cant have my own witness, nor record the conversation), they sit ya down and explain how much you suck, and they asked me last time "how long do you think you can survive without a paycheck?" They hold your job as leverage over you, its stressful as fuck.


$C: Florida is a right to work state which means my boss can come in whenever and fire every single one of us for no reason
$C: The Republican union busting agenda that got a kickstart with Reagan has a lot to do with it. Americans have been bamboozled into thinking that blacks, Hispanics and white workers, blue collar and white collar, all have different needs. Consequently, workers have little power.

Go to the South, where wages are still depressed and all you will hear is how terrible unions are. It's pathetic.
$C: Middle-management in North America, at least in retail, sales etc. type jobs, is pretty bad. You basically give someone, usually completely psychologically unqualified for any leadership role(usually the brown-noser among the peons), a 1$ pay raise and tell them they're in control. It goes to their head pretty quickly 90% of the time.
$C: Agreed, but You also need to understand that many many people are so fucking lazy that they do not deserve a second chance. 
$C: Dude I am with you on that. This country  is a shit head. We have the right to the pursuit of happiness, but the game is rigged so that most people will struggle their whole lives to get scraps. 
$C: I want to echo your WTF, but, in my country every job comes with a one-month trial period (usually), during which both parties can cancel the contract (e.g. you can get fired) without saying why. It gets harder after that though, which is why you see a lot of one-year contracts tops.
$C: It’s not just the managers. Customers in retail will try to get people fired for the stupidest reasons. Just because they don’t like the “Attitude” they got. As if everyone’s going to be thrilled to be working 40 hours a week at minimum wage and other stressors in their lives.
$C: there is a lot of that empathy missing here. everyone sucks. 
$C: its a u vs us mentality. We need workers but, we can treat em like shit and we don't care about ur own personal situation. 
$C: > To be perfectly honest, stories about how you guys in the US can be fired on essentially a whim make me think it’s not just the labour laws but all middle management is made of psychopaths.

the fish rots from the head down.. an adversarial environment run by a psychopath breeds adversarial people to survive. 
$C: Companies demand loyalty but give nothing in return. It's one big joke.
$C: That's called capitalism, the retards defend it without second thought and any alternative is considered the most extreme worst case scenario.
$C: Yeah dude. Some people just don’t give a fuck about anyone besides themselves. Those people SUCK. 
$C: America is just a shithole country with some nice things. In general Europeans have a way better standard of living and more individual rights.

Sure, we can't all own multiple guns (although in some countries we can), but at least we get paid holidays from work. Fuck America, it's shit.
$C: I think there was some kind of paper (based on American businesses), the higher you are in a business the more likely the chances you have of working with (or being) a sociopath or psychopath. 
$C: My thoughts on America essentially is that a society can only truly be free when it can deal with it's citizen's with compassion..America felt desperate..almost as if going for your dreams was a euphemism for "fuck You, it's all about me!"
$C: Profit > literally children’s lives.
$C: I’d just like to remind everyone that sometimes people born in the USA feel privileged and their work ethic reflects that. Not every case.
$C: Very astute observation, I would have to agree with you,  I think you nailed it
$C: Well, far too many Americans do pursue happiness and wealth... at the expense of all around them. "Fuck all" should be our new slogan.
$C: the benefit there is that jobs are almost always available
$C: I got fired for beeing late once. In germany.

Was a Student job tho.
$C: Seriously. One bitch boss of mine who didnt like me fired me because i forgot my belt one time. 

$C: Where are you from? As far as I‘m aware it‘s like this everywhere there are no strong unions and right-wing, anti-labor government. 
$C: The penalty of free market capitalism paired with too many people and not enough jobs. Without regulation in place and the cost to hire part time workers being "the cost to file an i-9 and the cost of the sheet of paper it's written on" make cheap labor a turnover machine. We also have way too many jobs here that aren't "real" jobs, expected to be taken by highschool/college kids and geriatrics, but unfortunately settled upon by low and working class folks. The fake jobs (think Starbucks barista) drastically outnumber the real jobs (think Starbucks accountant), meaning that most of the work available to people is stuff that pays minimum wage to about 2.5x minimum wage, and is either part time or non-exempt full time. That bad spot is the "full time, but less than 2.5x minimum wage" where all the good potential labor (folks in their 20s-50s) goes because they are either uneducated or there aren't real jobs are locally unavailable (many flyover states have almost no corporate presence, so you either work a fake job or take up a trade, hoping that fake job turns into a "management" role or that you happen to be an ace businessperson that is able to build a business out of a trade (which has it's own set of very high market-dependent hurdles).

Basically, if you can't afford college, live in a small town, and need money, you better be the world's best plumber, because otherwise you'll be a barista for the rest of your life, or until they fire you in favor of someone capable of making it to work on time.
$C: Welcome to america, plenty of psychos to go around. I'm in europe right now on vacation but holy shit I wish I could stay.
$C: This shitty behavior is not universal. In my 20 years working across 10 or more jobs I’ve never experienced firing on the spot for tardiness or anything close to it. 
$C: Being a psychopath is a plus in middle management. If you aren't a bully then you are weak.
$C: I don't know about every state of course but where I live there is a 'no fault' employment law. An employer can fire someone and give no reason whatsoever *and*, the employee can quit and give no reason. 

There are so many people looking for jobs and willing to do just about anything to get one and employers know it. Some employers have a ton of applicants so the employer will fire them until he or she finds one that fits. 
$C: Scared the shit out of me as a kid and still does as an adult. I work for a good company that has good managers, but I still have an irrational fear every day that I will suddenly be fired and that then my life will fall apart. 
$C: \>  all middle management is made of psychopaths 

Wait till I tell you about our politicians though!
$C: While there are some psycho bosses in the US there are plenty of normal employers here that will only fire you for being late if it has become a chronic problem. Basically some bosses abuse the “right to work” laws but most don’t and are normal human beings like the rest of us. Not everyone here is crazy. 
$C: Yeah, we have some major flaws and a LOT ignorant people
$C: I had a boss once who threatened to write me up because I wasn’t wearing ‘professional’ shoes. I had to walk about a mile from the subway to work so I would wear street shoes, then change when I got to the office. One day I forgot my office shoes and was reprimanded. That was my first job out of college.
$C: I used to work at a super market. Some young girls who worked there still had a job after not showing up for a shift completely unanounced, being called and told to come to work, and then telling the manager that they cant because they are going to a party or they are hanging out with a friend 12km away
$C: I'm the other hand, I haven't seen my boss in 2 months I get can make my own hours for the most part. This is a job that doesn't even require a high school diploma and will hire you at 18.

All depends where you work.
$C: Fire 'em before they can get a raise.
$C: I went to grad school with a business major.  We were in a management class together and were given a scenario where we were managing 3 branches and about 23 people. His first and only answer was always layoffs or closing a branch. There were 100s of solutions to the problem but he always went for the one that hurt people. 

I don't know if it was him personally or the business education program. 
$C: American here. I don't see people being fired on a whim,. From where I'm standing - I own 2 very small businesses and am a permanent part time janitor (a job that provides a benefit package inc. health ins.), what I see at school district among the janitorial crew is about 20% good employees who are reliable, and have a good work ethic. To varying degrees, the remaining 80% are unreliable and have very poor work ethic. Some also seem to enjoy antagonizing their coworkers. Many have horrible attendance and will call in sick on a snow day (when we are relied on to shovel out doorways, porches, wheelchair ramps...etc.) Many will also hide / find an out of the way place to catch a nap, make excuses as to why they didn't or can't do some aspect of their job... etc. 

I guess my point is that in this case there is firing that should be done but it isn't.
$C: It never happens the way these people say it does. You can be fired pretty easily in non-union jobs but it pretty much never happens where they actually are fired for worthless stuff. That being said though our work culture is toxic as fuck.
$C: Mother-in-law passed away suddenly, had to use all my vacation, sick days and personal time to plan for the funeral and meet with lawyers.  Got sick with "walking pneumonia", was fired for leaving work early to go see the doctor.  Because, ya know, apparently my crap salary is more important than my life.
$C: On the other end of the spectrum, I work for a major company in the US where it is really hard to be fired. Sure there are some infractions like stealing that are pretty much a guarantee. But people can get away with skipping sooo much work before firing is on the table. And as their coworker, you just want them to be gone so that they will be replaced by someone reliable. I don’t know of many stories where someone was fired for something minor, because hiring is costly and getting rid of them on a whim is wasteful. 
$C: This is true. My sister lives in New Zealand and wonders if she should have moved to the USA. I said No. The society as a whole lacks the compassion typically found in Europe Australia and NZ.
$C: Middle management is our biggest Achilles heel. They can’t judge quality. They have all of these CYA hiring practices that don’t yield them good people. 

Half of marriages end in divorce. We as a people don’t make good choices. 
$C: Management does not consist of the most qualified. It consists of the people that desire management positions. Two very different things. 
$C: Thanks for this. Our whole society gaslights us about job performance and job security issues. It makes you feel totally crazy. It's really nice to hear that people outside our hyper-Capitalist society can see that we are being abused.
$C: We can also quit on a whim, too. The employer, in my opinion, shouldn't be bound to anyone not performing their duties--especially if the worker can leave in the middle of a busy shift with no warning and no consequence. It goes both ways.  That being said, employers typically don't want to fire someone for no reason.  Turnover and training is expensive.  
$C: > That was the moment that crushed all my hopes and dreams about people being fair in the world.

That's the entire point of school. You passed!
$C: I remember I was in Kindergarten, we had a card system. Start each day on blue, go to green if you misbehave, then yellow, then red, which means principal’s office. It was pretty strict, and the teacher was rude, so most people were on green or yellow by the end of the day.

To the point now, one day I was on green. We went to lunch, we came back and I saw my card was red. It was pretty damn obvious someone had switched it, how would the teacher set a card to red and just forget anyways. Teacher sent me to the office, so that day I learned that kids *and* adults suck, and that it doesn’t really matter how you act sometimes, stuff happens. So I just kinda do whatever within reason, and no consequences really change.

Edit: at least the principal was nice, they knew I was a worryingly good kid, so when I just told them what happened they I think had me stay for a bit then just sent me back lol.
$C: I was the quiet kid in class, never stood up for myself but always did my school work on time, perfect attendance and always got top marks.

I lost a sheet for an assignment one time, and I went and asked the teacher for another one, just explained I misplaced it. He refused to give me a new sheet and proceeded to lecture me on being more organized. One of the other students chimed up and defended me to which he was yelled at and thrown out, then the rest of the class was bitched at and lectured about how we’re never going to make it in the real world.

I couldn’t and still can’t wrap my head around that. Every now and then I just wish I could go back to certain situations like this knowing what I know now. 


$C: Highschool is like that all the time. In mine there was a rule about being late more than five times, and since my classes started later and i lived in a rural area, i had to use a private bus company. Of course sometimes the bus would be late and so i got late 5 times over the whole year. I got a week of detention and at the time i was pretty angry about the justifications behind the punishment. Those detention hours are here to deter students from using the bus excuse to be late in class, but it also punish people who can't do anything about it. It would have been better to change the rule to being late five times in a three month span, since people who use this excuse are usually sleepy heads who are caught in a bad habit. But no one would change the rule, or be lenient in regard to my situation, because they don't care and that would be too much work.
$C: I got a detention once because I wasn’t in my seat when the bell rang. I was in the room, but not in my seat at 7:35am.
$C: I live in sweden, I was outside the door when the teacher closed it and I started knocking right after he closed it. Didn’t let me in for 20 minutes.... He had severe aspergers though im pretty sure, I’m more angry at the school for hiring him than the teacher himself tbh.
$C: “If you’re not early enough to drop a pencil and pick it up before the bell rings, you’re late”

But seriously, the lesson you should have learned from that is to build in a cushion for when things go wrong. Personally I’d rather learn my lessons in school than in the real world.
$C: >  **I was right outside the door and I dropped my pencil. I bend over to pick it up** 

Right up to this point I was hoping it would be the opening scene of a porno. Boy, was I disappointed.


$C: I remember that at my high school, being late to class meant detention, but there was practically no punishment for an in excused absence. At most, your parents might get a phone call. Talk about sending the wrong message. 
$C: I stood up in class and hit my head on a book shelf and shouted 'bastard', Detention on the spot and a huge argument with the teacher after class.
$C: I got in trouble once because I was late. I was late because my bus was. I was told that I should have left sooner. Like I can control the bus.

Also it was a record breaking snow storm... 
$C: Wow. All I can think is how I had anger problems as a youth and how I probably would have stabbed that teacher with my pencil and ended up in prison. 

I’m sorry that happened to you and really glad it never happened to me...
$C: Why go to detention in that case? Then and there was your point to decide to stand up to unfair authority. 
$C: "That is a brittle ass spirit." -Dave Chappelle
$C: That wasn't the point. The point was to set an example for the rest of your class. I guarantee your classmates got their asses in gear after that, while the "nice" teacher next door had to deal with dozens of bullshit excuses for months.
$C: Who knew pushing shopping carts could be so complicated
$C: Trump hasn't even read his own books. 
$C: Grabn't
$C: [deleted]
$C: Something's fucky in America
$C: Were you a porn star?
$C: How is that crazy?  You were more valuable and harder to replace than someone who pushes carts all day.

A lot of places don't care what hours you work as long as you're getting the work done
$C: I don't know what this means.
$C: I mean, don't just say 'good story' without telling it
$C: Ohhhh (chuckles) sideSHOW bob
$C: 🅱️ladimir 🅱️. 🅱️utin 😂👌😂💯🔥💯😂👌🔥
$C: “To be fair, “v” in Cyrillic is written as «в».”
$C: Nah man he meant Vladimirn’t Vn’t. Putin’t. 
$C: Its was the blurst of times
$C: "East? I thought you said Weast!"

$C: We’ll I actually looked back at the transcript and I wanted to clarify that I said Bladmir B. Butin, but what I meant was Chadmere Chutin. I thought I made it clear, and you should have known, but what I said was Bladmir, and what I meant was Chadmere. “No Colusion”
$C: 🅱️️ladimir 🅱️️. 🅱️️utin
$C: 🅱️ladimir 🅱️. 🅱️utin
$C: 🅱️ladimir 🅱️. 🅱️utin
$C: 🅱️ladimir 🅱️. 🅱️utin
$C: 🅱ladimir
$C: 🅱️ladimir 🅱️utin
$C: 🅱️ladimir 🅱️. 🅱️utin
$C: #🅱️ladimir  🅱️  🅱️utin
$C: The B is for bargain. 
$C: Actually works because the B character in Russian is a V sound
$C: Badamir? I thought you meant Goodamir!
$C: >Blyatimire Rasputin

FTFY
$C: 🅱️Ladimir 🅱️. 🅱️Utin
$C: 🅱️ladimir 🅱️. 🅱️utin
$C: 🅱️ladimir.🅱️.🅱️utin 
$C: 🅱️ladimir 🅱️utin
$C: 🅱️ladimir 🅱️ 🅱️utin.
$C: Someone "misspoke"
$C: "Flatter the Putin?"
$C: Easy to mistake with a thick Russian accent.
$C: Voldemort? Voldemort Putin?
$C: > Bladimir B. Butin.

Which is funny, because usually in Russian, the daughters get the last name with an -a at the end. Which in this case would be "Butina"
$C: I was saying Bladimir 
$C: Brian Badonde.
$C: Is that a reference to Terry Gilliam's *Brazil*?
$C: Is that the guy you told me was the *Butler*?
$C: No, it was Fiveladimir Five Putin, The Roman Guy
$C: now, i dont know if this is a meme or what not but why does everyone i know make this mistake? writing P instead of B and vice-versa, its not like the buttons are close to each other on the keyboard
$C: >Ohhhh, see I thought you said Bladimir B. Butin. 

Maybe he was having a cold?
$C: Mr.Buttlicker
$C: I was saying boo-urns
$C: Bladimir B. Butin is such a great guy, the greatest of guys. Lemme tell ya, believe me.
$C: Badimir B Computin'
$C: Our nephew is 6 and calls him Pladimir Tootin

We haven't corrected him lol
$C: That's what happens when you let ihob write your debriefings
$C: Vladimir 🅱️. Putin
$C: [Oh Andy](https://i.giphy.com/media/9tVvf1jo0U2D6/giphy.gif) 
$C: >In a key sentence in my remarks, I said the word "Putin" instead of "Putidn't".  The sentence should have been, "I don't see any reason why I wouldn't collude with Putidn't."  Kind of a double negative.  I thought it would be obvious.  It should've been obvious.  But in case it wasn't, I just wanted to clarify. 
 So that should explain things pretty well on its own.
$C: #### [Obama to Trump: Stop whining](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UXpRswM-tzc)
##### 219,324 views &nbsp;👍3,156 👎4,369
***
Description: President Obama responds to Donald Trump's claims of a "rigged" election, saying Trump should "stop whining."

*CNN, Published on Oct 18, 2016*
***
^(Beep Boop. I'm a bot! This content was auto-generated to provide Youtube details. Respond 'delete' to delete this.) ^(|) [^(Opt Out)](http://np.reddit.com/r/YTubeInfoBot/wiki/index) ^(|) [^(More Info)](http://np.reddit.com/r/YTubeInfoBot/)
$C: As a Trump supporter, why do all the lies of Trump not bother you?
$C: You shouldn't admit that in a thread like this.
$C: Lol I like watching my country be destroyed too ;)
$C: If he's not legitimate, they're not legitimate, full stop.
$C: I think Locke would say yes, as they were not chosen by what he would consider a legitimate source, thus the government failed their citizens again and that must be rectified.
$C: one step at a time.  i still don't believe his first term will be cut short by this stuff. 
$C: How do the American people remove him from office if it is categorically proved that outside influence has been involved in the election? Is it done by the party, rather than the people? 
Excuse the ignorance, I’m not American. 
$C: We need to dissolve the whole thing 
$C: If fucking only.

In hindsight it was probably a bad idea to have the people who decide the law nationwide to be in power their entire lives.
$C: Well one was already confirmed by the Senate. It’s not like Trump unilaterally put those in office. The two step process likely protects them
$C: What about all those senators who allegedly vetted and confirmed the judge? allegedly. They weren't elected by russian influence. allegedly. lol. In fact, a huge majority of those senators have held their office a looooong time, long before Russian Memelord shit posting. 

As this craziness unfolds, as instagram and youtube stars becomes a "thing" the more I realize that humans have not developed a natural immunity to "shit on the internet". Especially political shit on the internet. It wasn't just the russians hacking servers that tipped it to Trump. It was shit posting from inside and outside the country in every social media platform. It was Conservatives running away with this belief that Trump was a cool guy contrary to some really simple factual evidence to the contrary, simple facts that fly in the face of "conservative values". It was Liberals believing their shit doesn't stink and Hillary is going to win. Trump should have said to those blue states the standard conservative point of view: It's not the government's job to save your town's dying industry. It's not the government's job to save your job. Pull yourself up by your bootstraps and create new industry. Build a new industry or move to where the jobs are. Hillary failed to bring the typical liberal message to those states: Government will help you with job training and relocation as your industry is replaced by technology. She failed. They believed Trumps hopes/lies (he believes his own lies, so from his point of views it's his hope) that he'll save them. Bing Bang Bongo, He BARELY won against the most hated woman in politics. 

Politics should be boring. It should be us people asking "Does that policy work? Is it fair?" and that's it. Everything else is noise. Triggering Emotional Noise we haven't built up an immunity to. 

The faces of adults who are clearly swept up in the noise remind me of my cousins when we were kids in the late 70's early 80's. My cousins' mom wouldn't let them watch much TV at their house, while at our house we had no restrictions once homework and chores were done. Many a summer they would spend a month or two visiting. When the TV was on, they became hypnotized zombies. Especially when kids ads played. Me and my sisters would be like "Hey, let's go outside and play! This is boring." My cousins with eyes locked to the boob tube would say "but I want to see this!" And it would be something lame like a commercial for Rock 'em Sock 'em Robots. I would say "I played that at my friend's house, that's cheap plastic crap that breaks too easily. We've seen that ad a MILLION times just this morning." But they had no built up immunity to it and wouldn't listen to reason anymore. 

I think the same thing is happening with people and the Internet and now also "News". TV news and even local news has become a rapid fire reading of reddit's front page so they can compete with the Internet. Just like social media it's all emotional triggers and attention seeking putzes all hitting that nerve in the viewers brain: twang twang twang crime violence cute animal weather sports crime violence politics human interest noise noise noise. My 72 year old mom is addicted to it bad. She'll say "OMG! the news had this story about a woman that was attacked at that gas station! (as we drove by the gas station)" I ask, "was she ok?" Mom: I don't know. ME: "Was it outside or inside? Who was the attacker? Was it just a robbery? Did the attacker know the victim?" Mom: "I don't know. It was just a blurb." ME: "Well that's not exactly news. lol. That's just a sliver of random violence."  It was like a live action role play of a reddit comment thread but with my mom! No one in here has read the article, we all just reacting to the click bait headline. lol.

It's worse with people swept up in politics noise. OMG! Hillary and Democrats are secretly killing people! OMG! Trump can't read. OMG! Michelle Obama used to be a man! OMG! The Trump family is incestuous! OMG! Obama gonna take our guns! OMG! All of Trumps money comes from Russia! OMG! Hillary is part of a secret pedo gang! OMG! Trump is really broke! noise noise noise. I think the Trumps are playing along; Melania wearing that jacket reminded me of a YouTube Thumbnail or Clickbait Headline or Instagram Attention Whore strategy, that turned out to be nothing at all. It was all just about gathering attention. And it worked. She's just attention trolling us AND trolling her husband. And it has nothing to do with policy, solutions, or government. Trump does it too; Separating immigrant kids from parents doesn't solve shit, but it sure got a lot of attention.

Without focus on content, on bland facts and evidence, without immunity to emotional triggering noise, politics has devolved. So instead of focus on effective policy, we have let politics turn into sports spectating. It's not what policy or politicians that actually been proven to solve problems it's "my side won because we are awesome". That's why to this day, people who support Trump don't care about all this Russia stuff. Their perspective becomes: My side won therefore I am awesome. That's all that matters. It's all about the emotion I feel from feeling like a winner. The other side is just a sore loser. I love watching them freak out when ~~Tom Brady deflates the ball~~ Trump does outrageous stuff on TV. 

TL;DR: Are you not entertained?  - We should all build up our immunity to noise and focus on facts. If we don't, then politics will be continued to be "hacked" and the government useless. The best way to kill an attention whore is to ignore them. 
$C: When I bring this up people tell me we can't because there's no precedent. 

But like, make it. We made a whole country once and we can continue to make laws and we set other precedents all the time. I think NH is having a case right now about why men can go topless and women can't or something Like that. If that case makes it out if NH, the rules could change. All beaches could be topless beaches. That's a huge social shift. But we can't figure out that we cant let a traitor pick judges specifically to aid their treasonous bed fellows? It's not like he cheated to get in and then stopped. This is all fruit of the poisonous tree. 

He should have to pay back the salary, all of anything he has done should be reversed. Theres no way of knowing what he did was for Putin and what he did because of advice from US officials.  
$C: Judges, appointed heads of various federal agencies, and so on.
$C: One revolt please. But seriously I always thought if this sort of thing happened to America, the citizens wouldn't let it happen - we'd protest and revolt and make a stand! Butttt we're here, and it's not happening, and I feel powerless. I mean do I organize a meetup group? 
$C: Nope! We're stuck with those for life!
$C: Locke him up.
$C: Except Jefferson thought the 'right to property' might make his situation a little awkward, so he changed that bit to the 'pursuit of happiness'. 
$C: March on Washington. Demand the resignations and arrestment of corrupt and colluding politicians and government.       
March ln Sinclair headquarter. Demand the arrestment of traitor supporting russian attacks with fake news.         
Stop making excuses. If you dont protest by the millions, you american citizens deserved it
$C: It basically comes down to two elements, and I find it is **very** misleading for the media to continuously report that "Russia Hacked the Election," because that is bullshit. That implies, as you suggested, that they somehow manipulated the vote in a physical sense. Like they altered code in the voting machines to switch people's votes. Russia did not do **anything** even remotely like this.

What they did do is:

* They hacked Hillary Clinton's private server that she was using in wildly inappropriate ways. They then shared the evidence of her egregious disregard for info security with Wikileaks who told the world. 

This was highly detrimental to her campaign because it suggested she was woefully incompetent with critical information, and revealed some shady things she was doing behind closed doors. This was stuff like pay-for-play donations to her charity that clearly went beyond that, and also spawned conspiracy theories like Pizzagate.

* Even though most of the "fake news" everyone talks about was coming from Macedonia, Russian operatives were involved in mass disinformation campaigns. This is credited with pushing Americans further apart, as well as muddying the waters about what is actually going on. People are therefore saying Trump was elected to do slanderous lies spread about Hillary.

While the above are definitely true, I question some of the thinking surrounding them. Regarding point 1, I don't give a damn that Russia revealed Hillary's incompetence and back room dealings. That's like being pissed off that a burglar reported your neighbor's secret rape dungeon. I don't care who reported it or how they found out about it, I'm much more concerned about the secret rape dungeon.

Regarding the second point, it is very hard to measure to what extent this disinformation actually changed the outcome of the election. I do not think it is a good thing, but I am honestly at a loss for how one would stop it without compromising the very integrity of the internet on the whole.

But all said, I am still very unhappy with how this has been reported on, because I feel the term "hack the election" is used in a deliberately misleading way when nothing of that sort happened.
$C: There's a reason so many Americans wanted and have kept their guns. You're not any less powerful than any other country that revolted in the past. If anything you're stronger in numbers, fire power, and more importantly information/communication.

They want you to lose hope because that means check mate.
$C: We don't know that for sure.
$C: If a barrage of pepper spray is enough to deter you then you don't really care about what you want to fight for. You have to be ready to die for your cause. the few remaining government soldiers would be no match for millions of armed Americans.
$C: The rules state that the Electoral College votes are all that matter, not the popular vote. Take a Civics course.
$C: That's not how electing the president works in the US. 
$C: I'm sure Venezuelans said the same thing. 
$C: But we can own full auto weaponry with the right paperwork, we can easily make explosives. We can also own tanks, albeit older ones and mostly deactivated guns. Same with jets. Millions of armed Americans could overpower what government forces would remain. The problem is getting those millions off their asses. 
$C: Is it more terrifying knowing that the power grid runs mostly on 30-year-old SCADA technology with weak security practices?
$C: If you truly believe that, call/email/write your congressmen and senators. Like, today. The only way they are going to rein this in is if they fear losing their jobs. If they get that they *will* lose their job if they continue being impotent in taking action against Trump, they will use their power. But. If you are not truly worried about it, do nothing. Just keep saying it's terrifying and carry on with your life.

I'm an expat living in New Zealand and I finally got my arse off of the sofa, went down to the consulate in Auckland and figured out how to register to vote in the next election a couple of months ago. I wasn't planning on returning to the USA any time in the next decade, but I want something to be there to come back to should I finish up my work here. I'm scared, too. Come vote with me.

Edit: spelling
$C: Frankly, I find installing a fascist spy in the presidency orders of magnitude more terrifying.
$C: it's only a matter of time before Stuxnet 2.0 happens somewhere
$C: call your senators and congress members, tell them this needs to end now. get your friends to do the same
$C: Don't worry. Mr. Putin told Mr. Trump it wasn't the Russians. No problem.

/s
$C: Wait until they start assassinating democrats and the right applauds. 
$C: Hasn't the power gone momentarily as soon as Trump started speaking 
$C: Yup. Buy independent power generation equipment. Now.
$C: Someone with more expertise on the subject is welcome to correct me if I'm wrong, but my understanding is that this is one of the instances where America's crumbling infrastructure works to our advantage. 

Basically - lots of our electrical grid is run using technology that is old and not connected to a "smart grid" that could be hacked via computer. In fact, a good portion of the "grid" in Kentucky (where I live) is not capable of any sort of "smart" connection, and must be serviced and managed on site.

At least on the small scale, lots of the electrical infrastructure we use is too "dumb" to be hacked.


$C: What's even more terrifying is this is somehow a partisan issue to many Republicans. 
$C: Remember when the lights went off when he said "I have  faith in the intelligence agencies... Full faith." and then the lights went out for a second. I immediately thought, oh I wonder if the room is bugged and the Russians can mess with the lights remotely, and did because by saying he has full faith, he is implying Russian guilt and they wanted to remind him they are listening/watching.
You amaricanz are in some deep shit ether way! 
$C: I think it's simpler than that.

Brennan personally shows Trump proof than Putin ordered the election interference.

Trump meets with Putin privately in Helsinki, and they give a joint press conference.

Brennan tweets this:

> Donald Trump's press conference performance in Helsinki rises to & exceeds the threshold of "high crimes & misdemeanors." It was nothing short of treasonous. Not only were Trump's comments imbecilic, **he is wholly in the pocket of Putin**. Republican Patriots: Where are you???

There was something (or some things) in that press conference that pointed Brennan back to that intelligence briefing.
$C: trump has been used as an example of narsisistic personality disorder in universities around the globe for the last 30 years.

No sane person who have spent hours doing background-checks on trump would trust him. 
$C: Trump will just say I am the senate
$C: > So when Brennan brings up Treason.......

.. ignore it. Because Brennan is the epitome of treason.

Are we forgetting this is the guy who [was caught using the CIA to literally hack and spy on members of Congress because they were investigating his department?!](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/jul/31/cia-admits-spying-senate-staffers)

[Who lied to American and Congress about it](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6apC6jN0TZo&feature=youtu.be&t=18m36s) until he was caught and made to apologise?

He should be in jail, along with Clapper, who we all know lied under oath about spying on the public.

Both of them are 100%, factually backed up, treasonous snakes who are a disgrace to the intelligence agencies, and more so, only serve show the corruptness of US politics as they have managed to do all they have done without any punishment whatsoever.
$C: Yeah, the NYT is a very good publication.
$C: Sadly all we can expect from the republicans are some harsh words, furrowing of brows, Mitch McConnell retreating back into his shell, and no impeachment hearings.
$C: Do....what? Start an investigation? Impose sanctions? Sanctions were laid in 2016 against Russia for election interference plus putin being told to his face to stop his shit. Those investigations have led to this current situation. Trump and Republicans have been trying damn hard to lift the 2016 sanctions. I'm sure they just miss trading
$C: Oh yeah, of course, the reactionary fucks who wants to abolish women's right to chose and are in favor of guns for toddlers are going to fix this shot. How could we not see this? /s

If you have any kind of balls go out in the streets and protest this shit for god's sake, I've never seen America roll over like a little bitch like this and it's sickening.
$C: I saw this on another thread and can't help consider it - - what if the bullshit causing the spineless Republicans to cower is actually a child sex ring? Or some other rapey sexual shit throughout their party?

That's the kind of thing, if Putin had it, could bring the entire party down. 
$C: Not seeing how this story is "damning." Is it a surprise to you that Trump was briefed on this as he took office? I mean did you assume he was completely ignorant about it? I just am not seeing how this is some kind of smoking gun.
$C: But thats what they do against facts.
$C: How can we see if this is real or just accusations? 
$C: Can someone fill me in here? When they say “to sway the election(s)” what exactly was/will be done to accomplish this?
$C: I can tell you that Obama's face says "Oh boy did y'all fuck this one up!"
$C: That's probably just petulant baby being upset that Obama is the more important person in the room due to being the POTUS while trump still isn't in addition to having it made obvious during the day that Obama is a far more intelligent and capable man. 
$C: Honestly after reading this article, the quality is a breath of fresh air. I'm tempted. 
$C: not until Maggie Haberman starts writing those puff pieces for Kellyanne and SHS 
$C: Don't worry, Trump is dicking around on Twitter.
$C: You betcha!
$C: Oohh, good idea. Maybe I should put those tags at the top of my comment to make it easier on Ctrl+F'ers?
$C: Happy to help!
$C: I've never been one to jump on the red or blue side of things, but the fucking red side is at least complicit in this shit and should all be replaced. 
$C: Yes, if Mark Warner says it it is true and based on reasonable assumptions made from the best information. When he opens his mouth, it's time to shut the fuck up and listen
$C: So the current FBI Director Christopher Wray, Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats, former CIA Director Mike Pompeo and current CIA Director Gina Haspel--ALL of whom were individually appointed by Donald Trump--are lying? Every single one of them?

Have they always been liars or did they suddenly become liars the minute they were appointed to their current roles? If they have always been liars, why do you think it is that Trump has such a bad track record of appointing liars to extremely important roles?
$C: Nice try “libertarian who voted for Johnson”, please feel free to try and sow chaos and discord somewhere else. 
$C: Ok, but what if the Empress was really hot?

Would you want to be empressed then?
$C: Learn to spell. Then learn to read. Then read a lot, and learn other things. Then come back here and read the article again, and then read your comment again, and be happy that all the things you learned in between have made you a better, less stupid person who can read critically and think for himself. 
$C: Congratulations on helping to install a Russian fucking asset in the White House. Your protest vote was really well spent. 
$C: I’m an Englishman so there’s obviously this friendly rivalry between us and the French, so this is hard for me to say. But I really respect how the French deal with things. If they’re not happy, their government will know about it. 
$C: Let's do all of that and also vote in the 2018 midterm elections on November 6th of this year!
$C: This is the correct answer. We, as Americans, have placed our work ethics (hit or miss, there's always the lazy bunch) above so much, trusting our government to share in the pride of a job truly and objectively well done, ignoring (the many) faults because we see the bigger picture and are willing to sacrifice for the good of the team. This must end. Just as you have to kick out the roommate that skips rent twice in a row, or fire the employee that is late more often than they are on time, **we must hold our government to account!!!**
$C: The corrupt and the willfully blind, the oligarchs and their enablers, the treacherous, the autocrats, and the shit-gibbons trying to destroy every good value on which America was built: these liars and cowards, these traitors to freedom, have *nothing* on the power of a people united in outrage. "We The People" - the resounding voice of democracy - is their greatest fear, and they will cower from it. America *can* come together and resist Trump - and Americans *must* fight for their democracy before it's gone.
$C: > Frenchman

Listen to the french - they know their protests.  
It feels like every month, there is either one of their main infrastrutures on strike, or a thousand farmers are dumping the manure in front of the parliament.(at least it looks so for us Germans)  
  
And if nothing else works, one could also go old-school and even there, the french had some *revolutionary* ideas.
$C: lol unfortunately for us over here, if we try to flex our political muscles in any way like you guys are able to, we'll get demonized by a tiny group of people who somehow will manage to convince half the country that we are their enemy. It seriously baffles me how half of this country has been fooled into voting against their own best interests time and time again, but I can't really comment on the extent of that kind of thing in your country. (congrats on the world cup btw, thanks to ya'll I have to buy a friend drinks)
$C: This is the right answer. The African-American community has been trying to do this for a while now and has been met with absolute hostility since no one in the US wants to stand up for themselves any more. Americans could learn a thing or two from the French tbh
$C: Cutting the king's head turned out okay for the French, might wanna look into it..
$C: Yeah I think a general strike is the only thing that might work at this juncture; however, I don't think Americans are up for something like that. I just can't see it happening.  We like to think we would and do fight for freedom but I've never seen the slightest bit of interest in the majority of the population in giving up a tiny smidge of comfort or convenience to do so.
$C: Love it 
$C: I love the French, they do revolution so well! And food, and wine
$C: Ya, but what do we do if we don’t win the World Cup?
$C: [deleted]
$C: Do you hear the people sing?
Singing the Songs of Angry Men
$C: Do you hear the people sing?
$C: Instructions unclear, got hard.
$C: The French are brave.  They fight for what they want.  American’s are cowards.  If you suggest protesting, people will complain about having to work instead.

Basically Americans make excuses not sacrifices for their country.
$C: Mmm hmmm mmm hmmm I hear ya... remind me again do all French police officers carry guns? Look up Americas history of police brutality, it's super fun. 
$C: GodDamn, we getting burned for having an antiquated system.
$C: Exactly! Mai 68 is not that old!
$C: Oh shit bro why you gotta do 'em like that
$C: America could stand a little Frenchness like that.
$C: Can we maybe storm the Bastille along the way?
$C: Okay, but I'll never over pay for my baguettes!
$C: Hopefully America can have the freedoms that france has. 
$C: start lopping off some heads?
$C: It’s funny how the US is stuck in 1800 Europe.


$C: Misread that as get yourself hard
$C: On one hand, yes we should vote. On the other, we're not in "chill for 4 months" land anymore. We, the people, can NOT just sit on our ashes until then. No way.

Edit: I even tried to initially correct that to "asses," but ashes is much more fitting.

Edit 2: Welp, if I was ever going to break double digits in upvotes, let alone triple, I'm glad it was with a comment like this. 
$C: Something about waiting until they give us an opportunity to have a say doesn't sit well with me...
$C: isn't one of the problems here that voting doesn't matter anymore?
$C: This! Only 28% young voters say they will certainly vote in the midterms.  
  
Source: https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2018/7/18/17585898/young-voter-turnout-polls-midterms-2018 
$C: We did and the person the majority of the country voted for still didn’t win.
$C: [removed]
$C: Revolt 
$C: And if that doesn't work, then what?
$C: Yeah, people should still vote, but honestly at the rate this is going I legitimately believe more extreme measures should not be considered out of the question.
$C: [deleted]
$C: isn’t this literally about it being swayed his way anyway regardless of the votes? 
$C: We did. And the people voted for their choice. And the one with the most votes won.

Oh wait. 

Again.


$C: Open revolt in the streets. 
$C: You literally convinced no one to vote just now. We must try much harder than that. 
$C: That clearly didn't work though. 
$C: I did that, but still it wasn't enough.
$C: Some people can't vote. (But we can all participate in politics one way or another.)
$C: I’m not sure you understand the hacking portion.
$C: Riot
$C: Ooooh vote! Thats so simple why didn't I think of that... 
If only the majority had voted the other way we might not be in this mess. What's that you say? The majority didn't vote for trump? I'm confused... 
$C: Ha ha, did you read the article?
$C: Exactly. We contantly see pictures of mass protests around the world in the front page and praising the people for standing up for corrupt governments.

 Now you have an idiot that has destroyed your global reputation, relations with allies, and is selling his own country to Putin but you don't know what to do? Every country, rich or poor, knows there's only one way.
$C: Exactly, stop being so fucking passive Americans and show that you care by protesting
$C: This is a silly comment. For one, there are active protests in DC every week.

Also, South Korea has a population of 50 million and is ~38,000 square miles, with ~10 million residents living in the capital city.

The US has a population of ~330 million and is **~3,800,000** square miles, with <700,000 people living in the capital. It's much, much harder to protest here due to the distances between hub cities, making large scale protests much more difficult than someplace an order of magnitude smaller with 15x the people. 
$C: It's hard for America to do mass protests due to how widely spread out our country is. I would need to travel over an hour to get to my capital city. For many, it's hours. Many of us would lose our jobs if we take that long off of work. America doesn't value employees like many countries do, so we get very little time off from work.
$C: I will lose my job and then my house soon after that. Or at least be In such a financial hole that I will have to sell. We have 0 safety net. I've been recovering my finances after buying but I've only got a month or two of finances to support myself. 

And I'm probably in a better position than a lot of Americans.

It's not an easy thing to just "go protest" I love the sentiment. But we cant just stop working for weeks at a time like you can in europe (btw what is it with train and airport unions,  I feel like they strike every time I go to europe lol). We dont have labor unions and we dont have and support if we lose our jobs.

It sounds like an excuse. I get it. But at the same time, it really isnt. Asking someone to potentially risk everything they have for the sake of a protest is not realistic for the conditions we have right now. Shit would need to get a lot worse. And my tinfoil hat side tells me it's exactly part of the plan. 
$C: 2/3 didn't vote and 2/3 will continue not to vote.  Most americans only understand something when it impacts them personally.
$C: Americans tend to have this strong overwhelming desire to have shelter, food and healthcare. Protests in the millions also tend to have absolutely no effect: See occupy Wallstreet, the anti-war marches during the Bush years, the protests immediately after Trump's election, etc.  A bunch of people get together, bleat and bray, and go home and nothing changes.  After you see this repeat a dozen times in a dozen years, are you willing to lose your job to accomplish literally nothing?

Until the average American citizen suffers starvation, homelessness, or real hardship because of the government's actions in a direct and obvious way the people are not going to do anything.  It is no matter to them if the high lords play their game of thrones, so long as they are left in peace.

$C: This is the only correct answer. 

It's not really the "land of the free amd home of the brave" when you have a controlling, corrupt government and youre too complacent to do anything about it.
$C: Thank you. We need these reminders on Reddit, and every other social media platform, everyday. Hammer it in until Americans finally organize by the millions, protest, and don’t stop until something is done.    
Until then it’s just empty whining and bitching.   
I fucking hate Trump and his people, but they are winning, because you people do nothing. 
$C: [Mario Savio said it best](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KJKbDz4EZio)
$C: When the Constitution was written, several concessions were made to the democratic nature of our government, for example the electoral college system instead of majority rule and the 2nd Amendment for overthrowing the government. At least part of the justification for these concessions were that they were necessary to prevent tyranny, a last resort option against a populist authoritarian demagogue. The EC did exactly the opposite in the last election, the 2nd Amendment folks only threatened to mobilize if the popular vote winner had won, and we now know the NRA is being used to launder money for subverting our democracy. 

These concessions have utterly failed us. We need a renewed commitment to *democracy* and the principles of majority rule and self-direction in governance. So many of our problems trace back to our democracy today having not enough *democracy*.
$C: Heck, it's practically the same as all of the symbolic hand-wringing about gun control. Citizens are out killing American children in their own classrooms, and half the country will just start telling you about how *special* guns are to the country, and how they absolutely *cannot* regulate firearms any more than they currently do. How much is it going to take before Americans realise that "the land of the free" can and will be taken away?
$C: People would seriously rather sit on their arses and gild posts about American corruption than use that money to buy a bus ticket, get out on the streets, and PROTEST AGAINST CORRUPTION.
$C: Exactly this. Here in Europe we dare stand up against our governments bare handed and defenseless, believing that our rights as humans provide enough protection against power. In the USA you have your guns and supposed freedom, though you dare not take it to the streets. If this is how scared and sheeplike the American People are, then they truly do deserve being ruled over by a puppet of a foreign power.
$C: It really doesn't matter. The citizens of America are just sources of money (personal data). We have rioted, we have protested all over the country, large organized ones.

It does not matter here. That kind of shit does not work here. It just doesn't man.
$C: But then who would write all those sick tweets setting drumpf’s presidency literally on fire???😩😩🔥🔥🔥💯💯
$C: Yes, this. It has always taken people taking to the streets. You can do it peacefully, that's actually one of our rights, but a physical show of numbers will have a visceral reaction at the ballot.
$C: Yes, I think a really focused protest on this particular issue would be good. Call out your state reps because they're the ones who have to start the impeachment proceedings.
$C: How about we do away with this 2-party system bullshit altogether?
$C: > Tomorrow vote out the Republican Party.

We have to do more than vote, we have to INSIST OUR REPS PROTECT OUR VOTES FIRST.

[House GOP refuses to renew election security funding as Democrats fume over Russian interference.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/901s84/house_gop_refuses_to_renew_election_security/?utm_content=full_comments&utm_medium=user&utm_source=reddit&utm_name=frontpage)
$C: Picket every Republican and NRA office in the country.

Edit: also ICE offices, FBI offices, and virtually any federal government outlet.
$C: So you proposing a one party government? Ie. Like in North Korea?
$C: Nation-wide protests that take place at convenient times so people can join them after work instead of choosing between their job and saving their country.
$C: Nah bro Americans are too afraid of losing their jobs or whatever. But if you want some basic workers rights they'll call you a communist as if socialism didn't have any good side
$C: On the premise that Russia attempted to sway the election? What still to this day have absolutely nothing that says what Russia did even made a dent in the outcome of the election. Just a whole bunch of mindless fearmongering. 

We have evidence the Russia tried to do stuff, that they succeeded in a few areas, but you never hear news as to how much of an effect any of this even had. I can guarantee you that China attempted to interfere with this election as well, considering China has attempted to hack and interfere with US politics and industry for many years. 


$C: Most people who would support protests and what they stand for don't actually have the courage or motivation to go *do*the protesting.
$C: Yea you guys can take to the street in your pussy hats again, that was quite a laugh the last time you did that...
$C: This should be upvoted as much as OP's post. If we elect enough Democrats to Congress we can mitigate the damage Trump can inflict on us in the second half of his term.
$C: This'll take more than some weekend protests. This will take real action. Action that they'll try to shut down by sending the military, and then we'll have to combat that show of force. But we're all stuck behind our screens.
$C: Does the freedom of assembly allow people to shut down businesses?
$C: I would fly to Florida for this if a sit in can be organized 
$C: Cool good idea. Now get to work. And I mean you. Every american redditors seem to know what needs to be done, but none of you do a fucking thing.

So what's your excuse? Why can't you mobilize?
$C: I don't really understand this type of comment. I am broken hearted and really want to do something but am I suppose to just go stand on the street corner by myself with a sign?  I don't see any type of organized protests. 
$C: If I go in the streets to protest I could be fired from my job. And would be, since my boss bleeds Trump white and blue. 
$C: Can you get in trouble for emailing your congressman to impeach the president?
$C: (Especially offline)
$C: Vote!
$C: Surprised there is still not a march on Washington. 
$C: Americans are too afraid of losing their jobs because they've never wanted basic workers rights. It would have never happened in France cause we would've stormed the streets and paralysed the economy real quick
$C: I'm kind of disappointed that not just all the regular comments responding here, but even someone who has put some thought into what to do has not mentioned one of the simplest and easiest methods of helping.

Support the NYTimes. Support the investigative journalists. Use your power of influence (money!) to show you care. Make this a priority for these news agencies. Support only the best and most truthful pieces, not just any attack on Trump. And support them significantly, or to the best of your ability (not just turning your adblock off, although that's the least you can do). 

$C: The side of truth you speak of is our free press. And since nobody wants to pay for news anymore, the free press has to rely on ad revenue, which means they have to rely on clicks. You know who gets them a lot of fucking clicks? You guessed it!

Having this idiot in office means more money for media companies. Another text book example of American business putting profits first at the detriment of our country.

America is so beyond fucked at this point I honestly don’t know if there’s anything we can do to save it.
$C: > the opposing party 

Its a fucked up political situations when the only alternative is to vote radically against your ideals because one party is fucked up. Why did you guys stuck yourselves into a 2 party system ?
$C: This is also wrong - voting for a party only to reduce the power of the current one. 
Voting should be based on values and not power play. Just because you don't like Trump doesn't mean you have to hate republican party. 
And it would be even better if there were more than 2 parties in the US.
$C: Pass. 
$C: Eventually evolve it into a general strike, bring the economy to a grinding halt. Park vehicles across interstates. Paralyze the nation.
$C: Sorry, the second amendment is just so rednecks can have a hobby. It's not there to actually fight back against an evil, oppressive plutocratic government that has been compromised by a hostile foreign power. It's there so fat jackasses with no teeth can *fantasize* about fighting back against an evil, oppressive plutocratic government that has been compromised by a hostile foreign power. Or brown people.
$C: Tread lightly, reddit will ban your ass with the quickness if they think you're advocating for violence.

Edit 4 spellzing
$C: Okay, but what do we *do?
$C: Are you being oppressed?
$C: Young people have been pacified by snapchat and memes... they don’t get pissed off anymore unless you literally go into their school and shoot the place up. And even then, that had to happen nearly 20 times before any young people got pissed off. 
$C: My younger self would've been all for this, but it's not a good idea. At best it works and then we're at war, and the longer that goes, the worse it is for everyone. Just look at Syria. I've been a part of movements shifting for change, and one thing always remains the same, people get "bored." It takes too long, and the fire that was there when they started dulls away and they become complacent. Even when it's centered around being able to afford to feed your family, and lessening the risk to their life at work. Without constant victories so many people just lose interest and fade away.

People are why a revolution would fail. Those in power would push to wait it out. Stall until the fire turned to embers and everyone just wanted to go back home. Trying to push for change in who is in the local government is a start, or at least pushing them to take a stance, if not against Trump, at least against tampering with elections and actually take actions to prevent that from happening. Phone calls can be "useful" sometimes, but without playing the politics game that's in place now it'd be very hard to come out of this with anything resembling a win.
$C: you sound insane
$C: That would only make things worse
$C: [deleted]
$C: What worries me is that I might in a sense adapt to this environment and come to be comfortable here and not resent it anymore.
$C: It looks like he's just trying to cover his own ass at this point imo. He needs to give up and speak truthfully for once.
$C: What can we do about it? How do we get him impeached?
$C: It doesn't prove collaboration. It proves willfully decieving the American people and going out of his way to ignore the situation, which should be impeachable all on its own.

No wonder he avoided all his security briefings, they wouldn't stop talking about Russia.
$C: It's not a reason for impeachment, but to a narcissist (and DJT is textbook for that), the idea of not being legitimately loved enough to win just from that is too painful a reality to face.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Don't forget this is ONGOING. Every single head of intelligence (Republicans appointed by Trump himself) has agreed that the Russians have never stopped.
$C: He NEEDS to deny it.  
Not for political reasons, but because he is a narcissist.  

He could never admit that he didn't win on his own without any unfair/illegal assistance.
$C: > admitting that Russia helped him win isn’t by itself a reason for impeachment.

Uh, yes - yes it is. That is very much explicitly illegal and intended to be so by the authors of the constitution.
$C: > admitting that Russia helped him win isn’t by itself a reason for impeachment.

Election tampering is a felony, therefore a "high crime".
Computer intrusion, AKA "hacking" is a felony, therefore a high crime.
Conspiracy to collude with a foreign hostile government who is engage in cyber warfare is a high crime and also treason.

It's a betrayal of the trust Americans place in our leaders.
So many people around Trump have registered as agents of a foreign power *after the fact.*

The other word for an agent of a foreign power who is unregistered is "spy".


He used his inside knowledge and secret contacts to get the data that he wanted to sway the election, and he even bragged about it publicly on the campaign trail, to a crowd.  

"Russia, if you're listening..."

His son Don Jr. also said "If it's what I think it is [compromising material on Hillary Clinton] I love it!"

We have photos of a Russian spy in the White House next to Donald Trump.

We have Trump having meetings with Putin alone, without anyone in the room, save for interpreters.  Something that is just not done.

We have all 16 secret intelligence agencies saying the same thing.

Trump knew, and he colluded and conspired with Russia to steal an election.





$C: Why?

Admitting means he didn't actually win the election, which is so far his only accomplishment as president - everything else he's done so far has gone tits up.

He's convinced that he won't be prosecuted, and I'm pretty convinced he's right.

So, there are no consequences for him if he keeps lying, the only way there are is if he tells the truth.

Realistically, "doing the right thing" is a myth for politicians and sociopaths, and he's both.

So why would he admit Russia helped him win?

$C: People would actually respect a president that was elected with outside tampering if they would admit it and then do everything they could in order to prevent it in the future.

Something along the lines of, "hey I know this election may have been tampered with,but I am your president now and I will make sure Russia is held accountable and we as a country fight to prevent election meddling in the future."
$C: then he has to deny it, no other option. Isn't treason punishable with death or a lifetime sentence?
$C: On the contrary, admitting that Russia helped him would be a refreshing take of honesty.  It would signal that he has enough integrity to possibly get to the bottom of the situation.  It will never happen.
$C: >  admitting that Russia helped him win isn’t by itself a reason for impeachment

Not impeachment. But its definitely reason for new vote...
$C: He might not be impeached but he certainly could be imprisoned for treason which is what Trump has done. 
$C: but will anything be done about it? this is clearly a crime, but does it even matter anymore? 
$C: No it’s definitely a reason for impeachment. WE, as a people, did not vote for this man. The Russians voted for us, and we’re horribly sloppy with their work. Hell, the ones who hacked the DNC Servers forgot to hide the IPs, that’s an amateur mistake however you slice it. 

Either way, I don’t want Hillary or Trump, they’re both worthless as presidents. We had 0 good candidates. 
$C: Treason is a life sentence. He should be afraid. 
$C: I hate to break it to you, but he won't be getting impeached. If he does, I'll take a video of drinking my own urine.
$C: Treason requires two eye witnesses to the same event to be punishable in the US. I doubt two willing witnesses exist to any collaboration, or we would know it. 
$C: > Seriously, admitting that Russia helped him win isn’t by itself a reason for impeachment.

It really isn't.  When reporting to Congress the intelligence agencies went to considerable effort to explain that they didn't even evaluate that the impact of Russia's efforts was on voting, other than confirming that they didn't affect the vote count itself.  Accepting their assessment does not compromise the results of the election at all.  Trump is legitimately elected by the people and that's the end of it.  The election result is valid.

But the guy is so tremendously insecure about everything that he can't bring himself to accept that Russia *tried* to influence the election, or that some people on his own campaign, including his own son, also tried to get some of that help.

Up until Monday I really thought it was likely he didn't personally do anything, but that his campaign was doing things behind his back and that he was oblivious to it.  His incompetence made it plausible (Hanlon's law and all that).  At worst, I thought maybe he was trying to cover for them after the fact, especially given his son's involvement (i.e. obstruction).

But after Monday, I don't think I'm unique in wondering what the hell the Russians have on this guy.  It's just bizarre *even if* I assume he was personally innocent of any effort at colluding with them.  Maybe he didn't make any attempt to collude with them previously, but on Monday he pretty much did it in front of the world, and he's been following up with dangerous stuff like questioning whether NATO should come to the defense of Montenegro, a NATO member, if it were attacked.  Dude, that's the whole damned point of a mutual-defense treaty, and questioning whether you would follow through destroys the whole premise of the treaty because it emboldens potential enemies into testing it.

Over 1000 NATO troops from more than a dozen countries have *died* in Afghanistan in defense of the US's interests as a result of the only time Article 5 of the NATO defense treaty has been invoked, on 9/11 when the US was attacked.  Even tiny Montenegro has a small number of troops there.  And now you're saying Montenegro might not be backed up?  After they had a Russian-backed coup attempt in 2016?

Everything he said and didn't say in Helsinki and the fiasco at the NATO meeting the week before makes sense if you assume Trump wants to somehow give Russia what it wants: to invade its neighbors and get away with it.

This has truly stepped into "worse than Watergate" territory.
$C: Wait how is admitting that russia helped him not a reason for impeachment?
$C: In any other situation, Trump acting on behalf of the Russians, he would be labeled an enemy of the state.
$C: It doesn't necessarily prove treason. It could just prove his ego is so fucking massive that he is unwilling to accept the fact that he might have won with help. Either way, it's fucking disgusting because it only hinders justice being sought.
$C: If he hadn't collaborated, the smart move would have been to give Mueller as much support and access as possible. Find any campaigns that might have been influenced or collaborated.
$C: >Seriously, admitting that Russia helped him win isn’t by itself a reason for impeachment. 

How is admitting that a hostile foreign power helped him win NOT grounds for impeachment alone?
$C: *Congressional men walk into his office*
Congressmen: in the name of the constitution I’m placing you under arrest
Trump: are you threatening me congressional men
Congressman: the senate will decide your fate
Trump: I am the senate
Congressman: not yet
Trump:
It’s treason then 
$C: Wow man you have it all figured out. 
$C: The thing that really worries me is, what if he didn't? I can imagine a scenario where Russia was initiating the meddling without trump campaign staff involved. Then trump campaign staff got involved and Trump may have been informed but didn't understand the implications. Then Trump was just covering his ass from then on and genuinely believes that much like the other times he took a position completely opposite the common wisdom on facts, standing by Putin is how he looks strong to his supporters.

Like i can picture Trump being incompetent enough to be technically innocent and that fucking worries me. Luckily his financial dealings will almost certainly be shady enough to be illegal so he can go down with the ship but, yeah, it's just all depressing right now and I refuse to hope for anything.
$C: No it doesn't. That's called conjecture. Fucking idiot.
$C: Let me get this straight.  Clinton is impeached for lying to the American people about an extramarital affair.  But it's OK for Trump to lie to the American people repeatedly about his knowledge of Russia's involvement in a coup of our country?  WOW, painful times. 
$C: I genuinely don’t think trump worked with Russia. I think his ego is just too big to say that Russia helped him win a close election. 
$C: Denying it isn't automatically proof of collaboration, nor a reason for impeachment.  Presidents can lie to you, to a point.  You don't get to know military stuff, top secret stuff.  I haven't really been following this issue very closely.  Sounds like the grandstanding and grumbling has taken a poignant turn though.

$C: Neither denial is.

You need to prove with credible evidence a connection that Trump worked with Russians to win election as an operative of Russian government.

Even if Russians did help him as third party and Trump knew about it it still isn't something you can be impeached for.

The whole thing also doesn't work for several other good reasons:

\- Trump was screened before election like any candidate by FBI

\- Trump is known persona that had no dealing (business wise or private) with Russians on any meaningful level.

\- By all accounts Trump was destined to lose which people just forget about how every single poll, opinion etc. saw Trump losing even 24hours before election.

Finally there is legality of said impeachment. Republicans control both house and senate which means no impeachment, period unless you will find Trump actually saying he is russian operative on tape.

What is more interesting whole shebang doesn't work. Trump doesn't have any worse polls that they were at start of his presidency.

It works only as pasta for r/politics which seep to r/worldnews and leftist oriented media and part of population who voted democrats. Outside of that no one believes this story.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Sadly there are brainwashed people who will find any means possible to refute this. It’s clear as day but unfortunately there are a large majority that want their hate to be justified so much they are willing to cheer and influence America’s struggle. It’s truly fucked.
$C: Well, I'm not sure we should be killing him.  How about just not let him be President anymore and we'll call it a day.
$C: I don't think he reads it so it's probably pretty safe.
$C: I would expect the President of the United States to know about Russia and its motives. The advisors are terrible indeed but also a President should have be elected after years of understanding how things work in the government and how the US interacts with the world.
$C: tbf, any top secret information he receives, he'd just give to Putin. His visitor logs are still not public, so there could be a Russian representative in the White House or Mar-A-Lago at any point, and we'd never know. 
$C: Do what? Cancel the election? He informed the public that Russia was responsible for a propaganda campaign against us, including the email hacks and leaks. Republicans decided to go with Russia. 
$C: >He has only denied the collusion charges. 

That's simply nonsense. He denied Russia's involvement at all just days ago. He's constantly casting doubt on Russia's crimes against America, and smearing the investigations into Russia as a whole. 

> the meddling I can guarantee was no different from past elections 

Based on what, your feelings and hopes that that's true? Intelligence officials have clearly stated the opposite, and there's simply no precedent for this kind of cyber attack on an election followed by one of the parties *supporting* the cyber attacker and denigrating American law enforcement. 
$C: This comment reeks of Vodka.
$C: Umm, he was in the meeting when they said it. I’d expect the President (one that actually cares about the country) to inquire further.
$C: Obama publicly outed Russia's attack and put sanctions on Russia. Republicans are the ones who chose to help Putin achieve his goals, and now Trump is all-in attacking American law enforcement agents and defending Putin. 
$C: >And? you don't think Obama had access to this info and well in advance of Trump being elected. He may be a POS but he wasn't wrong in calling out this all happened during and under Obama watch.

And what should Obama have done? Canceled the election? He announced Russia's activities and trusted the American people not to be traitors and to support the pro-America candidate. 

This didn't "happen" under Obama's watch, it's *still happening right now*, as Trump's appointees have all made clear, and Trump's response is to attack American law enforcement and defend Putin. 
$C: Hacking the election is not the same thing as meddling in it.

It's not just the CIA saying this, it's the entire intelligence community.
$C: Swing and a miss
$C: As a latin american, I'm baffled by the lack of power y'all have. Here in Chile we would be protesting at the very least. How can the American people sit idly by when all power is being/has been stripped from them?

*Edit: I got a lot of comments about protests going on, that I had no idea of. I am (of course)  not over there so I'm speaking from what I've seen and discomfort is not what we see at all. I only ever see it here in reddit comments, which to me made no sense. 

From what I've read from you guys I can gather protesting is just useless, though I dont think it is because protesting itself doesn't work, but because they have made sure you guys can't use it for anything. You can't leave work, and if you do go out and protest police gets involved and it turns violent, and even if that doesn't scare you, your protests aren't listened to and go unnoticed. 
I still think this should be addressed as, sometimes, voting fails. It is verified now that Putin meddled with the elections and he could very well keep messing in the future, and if your vote doesn't work, what do you have left?

I understand better now, thanks for the replies
$C: The fear of uncertainty. People have it so good that they don't care, or people are too financially strapped that missing a day or two to protest or make some noise can impact what they can eat that night and pay the bills.
$C: People could vote next time...
$C: Mad enough to take that power back?
$C: People are doing plenty of things, the issue is Republicans control all branches of government. Also known as the people who participated in the Russian conspiracy and wish to defend Trump.


$C: Its time for social revolution.
$C: It's scary how internally weak your country seems to be. As someone who escaped communism, I am afraid of what the world will become if the US keeps their course...
$C: The people always have the power to save the country. I have lost a lot of respect for you Americans over the last two years for not standing up to him. I hope everythig goes well for you.
$C: The people with the power are you! The American public. Don’t get mad, get out there and do something about it. Make your voice heard
$C: As a non-American, a country is made up of its people. America *is* it's people. If every single America person in  America stopped working in a strike against the president, that'd catch some economic attention.

Of course, such a thing would be near impossible to organise, but the more people you get to express their dissaproval, the greater the unified voice becomes.
$C: > It's been one. BUT NO ONE WITH THE POWER TO SAVE AMERICA DOES ANYTHING. Makes me so mad.

Robert Mueller is doing things, and doing them quietly.
$C: The people have the power, but most people in America can't assemble/protest without losing their job and/or healthcare.  And make no mistake, the system is deliberately built that way.
$C: Let’s do something.
$C: I think the day when GOP dumps him is drawing.near. When they dump him, it'll be all will be all at once. He'll be told to resign or have his worst secrets revealed. Hint: the 'p' tape is not about urine. 
$C: False. People with power are doing things.
$C: America is beyond saving.
$C: Why would Putin want to do that
$C: The American people *ARE* the power.
$C: Can't you do like mass rally? Like how Philippines force an election to topple their first dictator.
$C: > BUT NO ONE WITH THE POWER TO SAVE AMERICA DOES ANYTHING.

I thought the whole point of America is that *the people* hold the power? If Americans aren't willing to draw the line somewhere then this is just going to keep getting worse until that option is no longer available.
$C: Nothing is going to happen unless Mueller has proof that Trump was actively involved in the collusion. I believe it will come to that but it can't happen quick enough for *me*. 

The Republicans have an agenda and they want Trump in office so they can get everything they want. They've already gotten rid of ObamaCare and a few other things. I doubt that they care anything about Trump and if they have any brains at all they think Trump is a fucking idiot. When they are done with getting their way they will let Trump swing in the wind. 
$C: If only all the voters had showed up and, you know, voted, last time. What's the bet the US voter turnout will be rubbish next time again? 
$C: I mean. Something certainly would be done if there were widespread riots. That might be what needs to happen.

I think people are waiting for the mid term elections - if the Dems are able to take control of one or both congressional houses then they can do something about trump.

If the midterms come and go and Dems can't take control of anything, I think you might start seeing widespread civil disobedience.
$C: All that is required for evil to triumph, is for good men to do nothing.
$C: Surely Reddit posts will! Americans have all the power to force change. You all know what to do but y'all just don't want to do it.
$C: Only the people en masse have any real power.  The government works for us.  Never forget.
$C: You american citizens are at fault ! You guys complain about nobody in power doing something.       
        
The american citizens are the sovereign of the USA. After all these scandals and criminal acts, you are still not marching to Washington by the millions. You are at fault. Other regimes has been defeated for much smaller scandals when the citizens protested by masses
$C: I keep writing to my representatives and nothing keeps happening
$C: Well it’s not profitable for the right, money > country any day.

Basically fascists at this point
$C: You can thank the Republican controlled congress for that.
$C: Purge republicans from office and it will get better. 
$C: Red team is winning.
That’s all that matters to the GOP.
$C: I'm ready man. Something needs to be done. I'm glad others feel this way
$C: This is what the right to bear arms was enshrined for.
$C: Let's not need to, let's actually do it. We don't need to wait for an organized protest. Get out there in the streets whenever you can. I guarantee people will join you. Everybody is just waiting for someone, somewhere to do something. Be that someone.
$C: On the bright side, I wouldn't be very surprised if you we are witnessing the implosion and final downfall of the Republican party itself. I just can't see them surviving this. All of this, really everything since Bush Jr. as been the dying gasps of a party that was already doomed from shifting demographics. Fully selling out to racists, Russia, etc. was just the latest in a long line of desperate attempts to maintain power beyond when it was *legally and morally* practical.
$C: As soon as I see an email calling for a national general strike and I'm reasonably certain more than a handful will be there I will drop everything and stand in the street as long as it takes. Somebody for God's sake put this thing together. 
$C: You are not alone. It baffles me to no end that no one is doing a goddamned thing about Trump. How can congress just sit idly by and think that this shit is okay. I know they don't think it's okay but fucking do something about it!!!!!!
$C: Um no it isn't. We don't have proof yet that he was involved with Russia. It seems possible but we literally do not have the evidence at this time. I can't stand the guy, but we have to wait for evidence.
$C: Yes! Force the GOP to act! Now, are you really gonna do something about it or you're just going to express your concerns online like the majority of the american redditors in this thread?
$C: No one is stopping you. 
$C: lol
$C: If you’re so mad, riot. Get out in the streets and fucking riot. 
$C: Typical SJW
$C: Yikes
$C: I wonder what portion are the ones encouraging Americans to go to the street to protest and riot 
$C: Send syrup. 
$C: thank you, we will make it out of this. *hugs*
$C: That’s... why the amendment exists.  They made up some bullshit about a well-organized militia, but America’s founding fathers knew this could happen.
$C: I hate all these mass shootings and gun violence in this country. But the point you just made is the one of the few reasons we really need guns. It breaks my heart to see all these people die, but in the bigger picture even greater tragedies could happen if the government gets out of hand. If the world was a better place and had more good people in it, then I'd be all for a gun system like Australia has. I'm pretty sure only farmers have guns, and the rest of them are kept in a certain place if people want to use them. (I may be wrong.)
$C: The whole point is that there IS no "final straw". It's exactly the lesson of the fascist regimes of the 1930s. The Germans waited and waited for the one thing that would push them over the edge, but it never came. It was a drip, drip, drip, until suddenly you look round and the whole fucking system is gone to shit. If the stuff that's happened this week had happened the first week of his presidency, maybe there would have been decisive action. Now, it's just one more incremental step. We know exactly how this story ends. People need to get out there and make serious noise while there's time. 
$C: What this all means is that Trump was told and shown the evidence that Russia hacked the dnc servers and more even before taking office. Since then he has refused to publicly, atleast, take any action to censure Russia for this or mount any effort to insure it does not happen again. Connect a few dots here, he stands to politically gain from Russia efforts--he was their favorite then and we have no reason to believe that has changed - - and so his passivity is self serving at the expense of the American people. Further, and think a little inside baseball here, the fbi, the Cia, etc don't trust him--that's who leaked that he knew--and so from a manage your subordinates perspective, there is a major public management problem
$C: my thoughts exactly. when is it “the last straw”? because this shit is fucked up and i hope we are ready to act.
$C: Dude **Putin literally laughed to himself** when asked if he had blackmail on Trump less than 48 hours ago and it's already been forgotten
$C: Trumps about to start grabbing pussies to distract the media, but since he is famous women will let him do it
$C: Didn’t Muler order a bunch of extra subpoenas for the July 25th trial? This coming out this close to that makes me wonder just how this is going to go
$C: [deleted]
$C: It's not even top trending on twitter. 
$C: You're probably right, but this story has the potential to stick. There's something about how the summit press conference is being perceived that is really getting some traction. Mixing this article in with that may actually give this some real legs. We'll see what happens I guess. I'm definitely not holding my breath for anything to happen until Congressional Republicans turn on Trump. 
$C: >Yeah, but you know it isn't. It'll be forgotten by some tweet he does in less than 48 hours from now.

FTFY

Now please excuse me while I vomit and look for jobs in the EU. 


$C: UH WE STILL HAVENT FIGURED OUT WHERE HER EMAILS ARE SO THIS RUSSIA THING WILL HAVE TO WAIT 
$C: He'll just straight up call someone the N word at this point to distract everyone and yet some how he'll still be "just telling it how it is" and everyone will forget about the treason and go back to fighting each other over race or calling each other snow flakes
$C: Fuck that noise! This is the red line.
$C: RemindMe! 48 hour
$C: Melania has a wardrobe full of cheap jackets with slogans on the back of them.
$C: Absolutely, he’s got this dumpster fire here leading the conversation to a place he doesn’t like so he’ll just light another fire to distract from the previous one; maybe he’ll continue family separations, or he’ll tweet something about Pocahontas or about blacks -dog whistling to his racist base- or some big trade war move. Probably just before the weekend so he can start fresh on Monday.
$C: That’s his strategy! Omg will it work this time too? :’( 
$C: Maybe this is his true defense system that keeps him from getting in trouble.
$C: In popular media, sure. It's not like this problem drops off the planet once it's not in it...
$C: Before things reach a fever pitch, he will announce military action against Freedonia   
$C: Just start a revolution already!
$C: *Incoming tweet from the Big Giant Head*
$C: The merging of the departments of education and labor... Let's watch him destroy labor AND education next!
$C: I mean, he fucked a pornstar right after his 3rd wife gave birth to his 4th child (their first), paid off the pornstar through his fixer lawyer using a shell company, and there are other NDAs. And that is just on a Tuesday. 
$C: well, you were right: [https://www.wsj.com/articles/michael-cohen-taped-conversation-with-trump-about-buying-rights-to-playmates-story-1532112954](https://www.wsj.com/articles/michael-cohen-taped-conversation-with-trump-about-buying-rights-to-playmates-story-1532112954)
$C: Aand there is even more: [https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/1021234525626609666](https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/1021234525626609666)
$C: Paging in from the future. It's been 7 days and nobody is talking about this. We're talking about Cohen's tapes, which don't have impeachable info on them, but this scandal is.
$C: And everything he does is just a distraction from what is really going on.  Everybody focuses on the Trump Circus while the rest of the government rapes us to death.  Paul Ryan and his cronies thank you for allowing them to do whatever the hell they want.
$C: Ehhhh. This is pretty crazy news even as far as trump goes this is a huge story.
$C: r/Keep_Track    
$C: that one kardashian is a billionaire or something.  and the dad's a lady!
$C: Tbf if he did that it would matter quite a bit but we get what you’re saying. 
$C: Nahh Jews are the overlord of America.
$C: He's right.

The truth is, the American people are basically too soft or too scared to get on the streets and force him out for tearing down the country.

This couldn't happen in Europe.

Iceland, just the other year, forced out their guy for fraud. Yet you guys have a full on super villain and there is no action. 
$C: We've crossed so many Rubicons
$C: It would actually take all my will power to not spit in his face if he were in front of me.
$C: Gonna need a source on that one
$C: That one was clearly a joke. /r/woosh/
$C: [deleted]
$C: Hey sorry you're feeling overwhelmed by your weird family but get your shit together and stop capitulating online like a sucker. 
$C: Nice try, it's over. Landslide is coming, the irrational supporters will need to stand down. 
$C: As someone who's generally antigun, we may need to hold off on that for now. It's starting to seem like a needed civilian malitia is on the horizon sometime in the next decades, if not sooner.
$C: Wait. I don't think that's how bookies odds work. WTF.
$C: Fuck that. 
$C: No. Violence is not the answer. Violence begets violence. Or in the words of Shakespeare of recent rebirth, “These violent delights have violent ends.”

We must resist the urge to commit violence on our neighbor who is just trying to make it in this world too.

Peaceful protests. The way of Gandhi. The way of MLK. 

Get out THE VOTE! We need everyone at the polls in November!
$C: Ok Vlad. Good call.
$C: Yes. It’s called the lesser of two evils. NO. I don’t like Pence. Pence is a two-faced fucking fascist himself that uses Christianity in the worst possible way, to take advantage of others in the name of righteousness.

But, he’s not Donald Trump.

He’s not an egomaniacal, narcissist who bitches, complains, lies, lies, lies, and preys on the American people. He is an abomination, a snake-oil salesman that has betrayed the sacredness of the Presidency.

So, yes, I’d take fucking Pence over Trump.
$C: You're missing, intentionally or unintentionally, the core point. The repulsive thing is American political leaders siding with people who attacked America over America. Doesn't matter what the issue is. American representatives have a job to defend us, and instead they're participating in an attack on us. That is unacceptable.
$C: Ok we have another one that's cool with Russia dicking our "president"! 
$C: Yeah, let's go with:

C) All of the above.
$C: Republican leadership has known about this for over a year. They are a bunch of spineless fucking traitors who are selling us out for short-term political gain.

They will do nothing to stop Trump.

Our only hope is to break the Republican majority in Congress. 

Vote in the 2018 midterms this November 6th!! Join the resistance at /r/Bluemidterm2018 for information on how and where and when to vote!!

The Russians think they own us. Let's fucking prove them wrong!!
$C: I’ve known a few narcissists in my time; for most of them, reality tends to be more of a suggestion, which quickly becomes an inconvenience if it conflicts with self-perception.
$C: I disagree that he's not able to admit Russia helped.  I believe that this is a man who has shown over and over again in his life that the means are always justified if the ends benefit trump. 
$C: I had the pleasure of meeting an actual trump supporter today, I was wondering how anyone could still be a trump supporter with headlines like these. Turns out he didn't have readily available access to the internet.

Edit: I knew what I was getting into when I made this message and am still overwhelmed by the amount of replies. I can't reply to you all. Sorry.
$C: My sister voted for Trump. She lives with her husband up in the boonies of our county, and they are a bit hermitish. She is also MTF, sooooo. It blew my mind that she voted for him.

After the election, most of my family was beside themselves and it was all we could talk about on Thanksgiving. My sister was noticeably uncomfortable, trying to mildly defend her choice. My eldest brother, who is actually a politician at the local level in my city (current councilmember, former Mayor) and has a way with words, went off on a long rant about the whole thing. It ended with his disbelief about how Trump could have possibly won after the pussy tape.

“What... what pussy tape?” My sister asked, mystified.

Sigh.
$C: "but I never took money from anyone, I only used my own money!"

Remember THAT load of horseshit?
$C: The worst part is that its so obvious and blatant. Its fucking irritating that such a large portion of the population get fooled by this or are ok with it because its their party in the driving seat.
$C: But they've been so taken by the Russian social media and political meddling that they're too dug in and angry to see the real issues.
$C: > Trump has been playing maga hat's for suckers this whole time, while taking donations from them worth a smile on his face

I mean.... wasn't that always a 100% guaranteed thing?

Like really.... did ANYONE think trump supporters were anything other than suckers?  Did people really give donald trump, a lifelong conman, the benefit of the doubt?

I still can't believe people are surprised a criminal is a criminal.
$C: Remember when they said he wouldn't need to take any donations cause he was a billionaire and all other candidates and supporters were suckers for donating...
$C: All while making money on his own trips to golf courses he owns
$C: The fact that the hats were made in China should have tipped them off tho...
$C: They dont care. Hes doing what they want
$C: He's been playing us all for suckers.  He still won election while the majority of America thought Hillary was going to win.  Elections have consequences and I will never fail to motivate people to vote again.  I will absolutely drag my friends to the polls if I need to.  I'm a fucking fool to think Trump both thinking he was going to lose and that he couldn't be as bad as this.
$C: > Trump has been playing maga hat's for suckers 

Maga idiots have been playing themselves for suckers their whole embarrassing lives.
$C: It's sad that actual politicians are so bad that people are tempted to vote for people like Trump. 
$C: As he has done his entire life.
$C: Yet, he was elected. It isn't about Trump, it's never been about Trump. It's about a gigantic FU to the ones in control of the parties.


$C: I want Russia and America to get along
$C: democrats laughs, scoffed, and said election meddling was **impossible** publicly many times, with access to the classified info

they didn't expect to lose

they expected to win and cover up their crimes

not happening anymore, and the state propaganda wing (MSM) is working overtime
$C: Blah blah blah..found one of the hitlery clones...Head on out dirty girl, the rest of the twats are waiting.
$C: How? You guys act like this is news... There is literally nothing of note in the whole article. But you're likely a bot so...
$C: I got an 11,000$ tax break and my investments are sky rocketing.  My business is booming and if my governor wasn't awful my property taxes would be cheap too.

What part of MAGA aren't you getting?
$C: [deleted]
$C: Why would that involve him changing his party’s platform on the annexation of Crimea and the threat Russia poses in general? And the Trump tower meeting? Trump clearly has, at the very least, sympathies towards Russia that outdate him winning the election. 
$C: No chance. The way he suddenly knows all about complex geopolitics of nations that interest Putin while he himself doesn't know the difference between fucking Ireland and Britain belies just how far up Trump's ass Vlad has his hand. 
$C: Even if he was innocent of collusion his obstruction since is treason.
$C: I really believe that it’s not about a conspiracy.  It’s simply ego. Either way you look at it, we’re still fucked six ways from Tuesday. 
$C: That's exactly my expectation. While I feel like Trump colluding with Russia is definitely a possibility, I think a lot of stuff would have come out about it by now if it was. 

Trump's an egotist, he'll never accept that the victory wasn't his at the detriment of America.
$C: That wouldn’t even surprise me.  I think just about everything he does/has done could be explained by nothing more than his severe narcissism and his sharp, all-enveloping need to be liked and respected by the people around him. Of course, if that were the case, then there were definitely plenty of criminals around him both internal and external to the administration who manipulated him (with ease, I would imagine) to their ends. 

Honestly in my mind that’s about equally as likely as the possibility that he colluded and/or is acting deliberately on behalf of Russia. 

I’ve heard him described as a “blunt instrument” for the GOP. I wouldn’t be surprised if it turns out that’s all he ever was. 
$C: But... we know that’s not true now... 12 Russians have been tried and convicted of hacking the DNC and more hard evidence has been revealed that the Russians hacked voting machines.  He could easily have said he knew nothing of it to save face and still denounce Putin, but he doesn’t.  He doesn’t defend his fellow countrymen... he attacks them and throws them under the bus which is the least patriotic thing to do.  He’s a coward, a con man, and a traitor.
$C: And his money laundering.
$C: That would be a tragedy, because I really don't care if he wants to characterize it as holding Russia accountable for the FAILED attempt to impact our elections.  Whatever lets him sleep at night, but please, as the damn president, do something to protect the country from this threat.
$C: I completely believe this. Grand conspiracies rarely happen, but some dipshit lying to save face happens every second of every day.
$C: He's a malignant narcissist so it wouldn't surprise me in the least. 
$C: I really think that's a big part of it, that and money. 
$C: That would be hysterical. Stranger than fiction, the truth often is. 
$C: THIS 🙌🏻 
$C: It would be highly anticlimactic, imo. I'm beginning to see reality as a film and that would totally ruin the script in my mind
$C: And if he didn't--let's say we find out Russians rigged some voting machines -- is he still the real president? Or would he suddenly become indictable?
$C: I am beginning to believe that is almost purely the case
$C: Thats exactly the reason. Why people keep thinking its deeper than that is beyond me.
$C: > money laundering

Are you talking about the cash payments Bill received from a Russian bank tied to the kremlin directly before Hillary signed over a quarter of our uranium reserves to the Russian government? 

Or Manafort’s failure to file as a lobbyist with the IRS in 2007?

Edit: it’s ok, you guys were probably in elementary school way back yonder in 2015 when this story broke. https://www.nytimes.com/2015/04/24/us/cash-flowed-to-clinton-foundation-as-russians-pressed-for-control-of-uranium-company.html
$C: It's so cute you think he'll last that long. Intelligence agencies are outing him as a treason weasel. When the GOP dumps him, it will come quickly and he'll be very rapidly impeached. They will want him gone quick. 
$C: The only emergency is the psychopathic paranoia of American liberals who now apparently literally believe that the president of the US is a Russian agent.
$C: It's evident Trump will never do that. 

Why?

There's only one explanation: The Russians have something on him. It could be any number of things: A tape, shady loans, money laundering, tax evasion...

Trump's arrogance is matched only by his stupidity. Only someone as stupid as he is would think he could get elected President AND HOODWINK THE US FEDERAL GOVERNMENT IN THE INFORMATION AGE.

I don't know if our country will recover from this nightmare, but I do think something seismic is going to be revealed. Time will tell...
$C: What evidence is there that they tipped the election?
$C: Perhaps the nerve agent attacks in the UK were a warning to Trump.
$C: Since when dont they say this? It is in every article posted here on Reddit 20 times a day when this news breaks!

I, along with Trump hope Mueller wraps up his investigation very soon but Im positive our reasons for doing so are not the same!
$C: P=Pedophilia, not urine. 
$C: God you wasted electrons typing that? Wrong sub. Go to /pol where you belong. 
$C: Good thing he wasn't caught lying about a blowjob. 
$C: No accountability for lying and the douchenozzles that support this bullshit have the gall to criticize people for getting upset about not being held accountable.
$C: Come over to the UK where the fine for illegally spending 650k is 62k and there's no repercussions for lying or Russian influence! Our government even admits it, but has decided its still somehow the will of the people. 
$C: We can hold him accountable if we disassemble Republican control of Congress. Thankfully, we have an opportunity to do that in the 2018 midterm elections this November 6th.

The Republicans have proven to be craven, spineless cowards.

If we get a Democrat majority, we can begin impeachment proceedings!

Let's show the Republicans and their Russian handlers that we will not go quietly! 

Join the resistance at /r/bluemidterm2018!
$C: There is... by voting against him and for candidates that are at least *more* honest. The problem is 40% of the electorate is perfectly aware that he lies and they *approve* of it. The founds never envisioned politics becoming a team sport.
$C: There's been a half-decade-long push on the right to bring back the freedom of speech that never really went away, which has essentially redefined freedom of speech as "Lying & being a Bigot is cool now." 
$C: So I can say that Donald Trump enjoys eating Martha Stewarts fresh lawn-laid shit while watching Putin vulgar thrust?
$C: It’s is our responsibility to hold them accountable - VOTE
$C: Jon Stewart literally made a career of pointing this out.  We all thought he was just joking.
$C: That's what upsets me the most.  One of the biggest issues with the US is the sense of entitlement everyone has and the lack of responsibility people have for their actions.

If you are going to be an asshole atleast own it.  Trump makes inflammatory statements but uses a false dichotomy argument or spews out the exact opposite statement an hour later.  Your words and actions should have consequences, especially as President.
$C: I'm the new President of Reddit.
$C: Unless you're under oath. Just ask Manafort or Bill Clinton
$C: I think this is an unfortunate precedent that’s been established over a long period of time. Unfortunately Trump isn’t the first politician to lie to the American people. Politicians and news networks have been saying whatever feel like to appease or incite their audiences for a while now. That doesn’t absolve Trump of guilt in all of this, but people seemed to be okay living in their separate echo chambers for a long time. I think we’re now seeing the results of what happens when people are pit against each other and allow themselves to believe what they want to. 
$C: It's ironic since in most jobs outside of politics, lying would get you fired or worse.
$C: There's a ton of accountability. Each branch has a ton of power against the others. As long as all three branches can't somehow be controlled by the same group of people with similar aims and goals, the system works. But to break it you'd need a cabal or an alliance or a consortium or something.
$C: Heyyyyyyy welcome to politics. 
$C: It's like, amazing that this seems to be phased as new information every time it's been stated for the last 100 years
$C: You send a reality TV star against a judo black-belt ex-KGB agent, what did you expect would happen?
$C: Russia is not a superpower, much to their chagrin. 
$C: Isn't this like the plot of command and conquer or something
$C: *Yuri is master*
$C: \#metoo
$C: >Look at the_donald

I don't wanna...
$C: Or complaining reddit admins won't make their safe space private 
$C: I was skulking around the\_donald the other day after Mariia Butina was found out to be a Russian spy. People were making comments about how it was no big deal, it meant nothing, that foreign spies were caught all the time and that people needed to just move on with there lives. It was ridiculous. Those guys are so divorced from reality that it really doesn't matter what happens with Russia; as far as they're concerned, Donny Dipshit is perfect and he is literally, *literally* incapable of doing wrong.  
$C: > and whether armstrong really landed on the moon or not.

Wait, we're questioning the moon landings again?  What... why? 
$C: The_Donald is part of the conspiracy. There is zero chance they came about organically.
$C: They’re also brigading any not positive Trump stories anywhere else on the site at a ridiculous rate today. The lengths these idiots go to to defend an obvious idiot and traitor is ridiculous. Watching him ignore all of our intelligence agencies and bow to Putin the other day should’ve been the last straw for anyone. 
$C: Do they really think Louis Armstrong could have written "What a Wonderful World" if he hadn't seen it from space?
$C: Yet they'll be the first to say, "Ugh, MOVE ON already!" when this hairbag is out of office and the fallout is still giving kids cancer. 

"Yeah OK so Trump was impeached, divorced by his wife, sent to prison for criminal tax evasion, money laundering, and sexual battery, and his in-laws are also on the hook for being involved with the mob, but sheesh! Let it go already! And share the Spam, I've almost forgotten what pork tastes like. Is that the Siren again? Oh well, bank in the bunkers." 
$C: That subreddit makes me feel good about myself. 

I have autism, but I could be worse.
$C: I’ve never seen so many photos of Putin in my life 
$C: I just looked. Why did I look? Please tell me the majority of the users in that sub are trolls. 
$C: Why wouldn’t they be? Proof doesn’t mean anything to them. Trump good, Hillary Satan. No amount of evidence or proof will change their mind.
$C: I went to Fox News today and the headline was about the Lewinski scandal and it’s relation to the Supreme Court nominee. Jesus!
$C: Seriously? They’re debating moon landings now? Full disclosure, I went on that sub sometimes (the primary memes were gold, Rubio, Cruz, and Jeb just lent themselves to such hilarity) but have they gone that far off the deep end? It doesn’t surprise me, but man does it depress me. 
$C: I sorted by new and found a post that was critical and basically said "come on guys, this is hard evidence". Refreshed the page 30 seconds later and it was gone and the user banned. 
$C: It's just proof that the Russians have won. We don't even see the same reality anymore.
$C: [Mitrokhin Archive](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mitrokhin_Archive)

The moon landing “conspiracy” was pushed by Russia.

[Active measures](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Active_measures)

> Starting rumors that the moon landings were hoaxes and the money ostensibly used by NASA was in actuality used by the CIA
$C: Yikes. Actually brain dead 
$C: I haven't bothered going over there, but on fox news channel on Youtube, Trump is now the great peacemaker. His detractors are blood thirty warmongers and it is so wonderful that he has saved the world from war with Russia....I'm not kidding. 
$C: To almost everyone I've ever spoken to about Trump from outside the US this is the thing that no-one understands, pro Trumps included.

Why the fuck are people going on about someone who fucking lost 2 years ago. It's like the definition of insanity.
$C: Is the moon flat?
$C: That in and of itself tells me enough
$C: Here's the thing.  There have been so many bans for rational thinking and opposing what the "mods" think is "loyalty" to Trump on the_donald over the past 3 years - that virtually all of the current, unbanned users are the most gullible of the gullible (or Russian bots, shills, etc.).  I don't mean that in an insulting way - it just seems the most apt term for this description.

Imagine if all of the_donald gathered on a massive ship, and the weaker mental gymnasts were successively thrown overboard.  You would end up with a perfect echo chamber aboard the ship - effectively bordering on a lack of free will.  

Either due to bans or people jumping ship - only the most cumulatively gullible will remain.  It's the same principles that drive biological and ideological evolution forward.  

The redditors themselves yield to an authority in the mods that shapes the very flow of their information and interactions.  I wouldn't necessarily call it brainwashing, because it's more initially population culling with the prior intended effects.  Dangerous environment for anyone to immerse themselves in.
$C: Why do posts on the donald have about 3k likes but only about 60 comments?
$C: That’s because the_donald is all just Russian trolls tryna keep them in check minds away from the real news 
$C: Look at fucking the President himself, I was so embarrassed to be an American when he mentioned the server while standing next to Putin.
$C: First: of course. Second: srsly?
$C: I go there for a nice laugh from time to time 
$C: And WHO, just WHO got WHOSE peanut butter in the chocolate, or if they got the chocolate in the peanut butter????

In case you're wondering, it's obviously the latter situation.

(Joking aside, of course they're looking for anything to distract from the crisis at hand.  I would be surprised at this point if they had made an earnest attempt at honesty.)
$C: Anytime Trump and his ilk bring up Hillarys emails, everyone should just bring up his tax returns
$C: I checked there for shits and giggles today and I saw a post of pictures of previous Presidents smiling with Putin. "Other presidents were friendly with him, what's the big deal??" -_-
$C: At this point, how can they claim they care about email servers which may or may not have had classified emails on them by mistake/neglect, when trump defiantly speaks above classified ok open cell phones, out in public, and probably to Putin himself.

My question is - what classified material has Trump passed to Putin... it's a bit overkill getting your asset to get elected as president to siphon information out, but who knows??
$C: Spoiler alert: Armstrong (and Aldrin) absolutely fucking landed on the moon.

That's when the USA was #1.

Trump has not helped us to regain that #1 spot.
$C: Oh man good idea. About to search under most controversial. Perfect way to end the evening. 
$C: That’s unbelievably sad... 
$C: im still convinced that section is a joke like The Onion where people pretend to like him and such it just cant be real
$C: Buttery mails!
$C: >Look at the\_donald

Don't miiiind if I don't.


$C: Republicans in Congress are still debating Hillary's emails and whether there are pedo colonies on Mars.

The Republican party is lead by batshit insane corrupt people and their base consumes blatant propaganda so they never hear about it.
$C: Which is absolutely bat-shit crazy because the ONLY people that talk about Hillary anymore are Trump supporters.  Terms like “Dems” and “Libs” are becoming fascist propaganda.  I’m a fucking American Patriot, bring it on traitors.
$C: Hell,   if Hillary being a toxic candidate got the current loon in office,  It stands to reason the more delusional people of the world would think that perpetuating that self evident fact somehow justifies Trumps continued leadership.    Theres a reason Trump has continued to do Rally events even after he was elected.    He's good at spouting hatred and nonsense to his core demographics.    He loves the feeling he gets weh he says "Obama Isis, Hilliary Emails, Mexican Wall"     he doesnt have to justify himself of cite any sources..  He just says whatever the fuck gets people going..    That mentality has bled over into die hard deniers.
$C: At this point its a community similar to flat earth in that there is absolutely nothing you can show them that will change their mind.

Its pretty cool to see such a thriving community of it
$C: To be fair, they are hypocrites for ignoring this.

But some of the posts are pretty good at pointing out liberals' hypocrisy. Too bad, they are all to support a narrative, not to spread facts.
$C: The still post that “His name was Seth Rich” bullshit.
$C: This is what’s worrying, how will they handle the truth, now the truth to them is “fake news”?
$C: They should just rename the_donald to **the_putin**
$C: And talk about white supremacsy. Like I'm not  here trying to call Trump supporters or people who voted for Trump as racist cause a large portion of people who voted for Trump did so cause they hate Hillary. But r/the_donald does have this content in their subreddit
$C: Enough. Stop with this Us v Them bullshit. You need to unite for impeachment, and you're not going to unite by taking shots at each other.
$C: I’ll be honest I don’t think I’ve seen a fake moon landing post on there
$C: Probably bots talk each other hoping to drag some morons into the discussion.
$C: They don't even make sense anymore, it's like watching a madhouse
$C: The R/Donald is a Russian operation 100%.  It's mods ban dissent, and it peddles fresh Russian propaganda at an alarming pace.  Using them to gauge reactions seems like a bad proposition unless you want to see real-time information messaging from the Kremlin lol.  Fuck Russia 
$C: He’s just ate up!
$C: I went for a nosey earlier and saw [this](https://i.imgur.com/iMP4Rzb.png) on the FP, arguing that Putin's plan is for the betterment of America...
$C: To be fair, it’s hard to trust Armstrong after the whole doping scandal 
$C: I mean, T_D is literally Russian propaganda merchants with people susceptible to their brainwashing, I feel like we should just ignore them at this point until the CIA/Mueller investigation is over and spez can finally shut it down.
$C: can I mass hide all thedonald users in my redditapp?
$C: It's unbelievable. It's like stepping in an alternate reality where last year didn't happen. 
$C: wait, if they are moon deniers/flat earfers, maybe Australia will be safe from trump, since it does not exist!
$C: As someone who shares some beliefs with conservatives, please don’t look at the Donald. Why would anyone go there and use it as benchmark for judging anyone or anything. It’s a tiny amount of insane people jerking each other off and making memes. Judging republicans/conservatives by the posts on TD is like judging men based off 4chan posts. 
$C: Let's drag those Russian fucks out into the open and flay them alive.
$C: Isnt The_Donald just a place for shitposts like /r/prequelmemes? 

I didnt think anyone went there for actual discussion. And I still dont. The entire thing is a huge circlejerk. 
$C: Evidence? I’ve never seen anyone claim the moon landings were fake on T_D.
$C: Hillary should have been indicted, if trump collusion occurred he wasn’t the only one breaking the law, Hillary should have been indicted.
$C: Yeah and look at you, bitching at a candidate who was told that someone was influencing and election, with still no evidence being presented, in his favor. What’s he supposed to do? Drop out? And yeah we are bitching about her emails, you know why? Because she literally rigged an election, it may have been a primary but it was still an election. 

Didn’t vote for Trump but I walked away, because the media is full of shit, look at operation mockingbird, we are now supposed to trust 3 letter agencies, after WMD’s were a lie, we know they smuggled cocaine into the United States to pay for operations, MK Ultra, etc etc. I didn’t trust Trump and thought he was a bigot himself, but after seeing his job performance it’s obvious he’s doing a good job. He’s done more for this country then Obama did, and he has been opposed every step of the way. Almost like it’s exposing politicians bullshit that we have all known for a long time but finally getting pressure put on them. Seriously, y’all are praising McCain who y’all bitched about endlessly during his presidential run, as much as I did. It’s really a travesty.
$C: This is the darkest timeline. 
$C: This is what we got for surviving the cold war - the only possible universe left were all sort of weird.
$C: Fuck you Barry Allen.
$C: You have a strange sense of worst possible outcome. 
$C: *Berenstine
$C: HA! Child please
$C: > still baffles me

Something tells me you don't understand their end-game.
$C: Caught in a landslide...
$C: Two wrongs don't make a right. No country should be interfering in another's election process. It shouldn't have happened in 1953 Iran, and it shouldn't have happened in 2017 France or 2016 U.S. 
$C: Attempting to hack other countries' computer infrastructure is ubiquitous. Hell, your local pizza store probably has non stop computer infiltration attempts.  Every computer attached to internet is probed on a regular basis by all kinds of actors.  That is why every company in the developed world has an information security policy and if large enough an information security division.  Russian attempts to hack the political parties or the various secretaries of state should be expected as a routine matter.

The NY Times and the Washington Post are well known mouthpieces for the CIA.  When they say that their sources are leaks from intelligence agents, what they mean is that they are publishing what the CIA has told them to publish.  Does anyone really think the CIA or NSA has a such a severe problem with unauthorized leaks that it provides enough material to drive the political news cycle day after day after day.  When you are receiving information from the US intelligence agencies (just like when receiving it from Russian intelligence agencies) it is necessary to understand more than whether it is true or false, you also need to understand what the motivation for the message is.
$C: The flash of insight ...
$C: “Open your eyes.”
$C: They are. Mueller's investigating. If you mean Congress, then that's because the majority care about party over country, and our forefathers never thought to consider that congress could be overtaken by an outside force. 
$C: [removed]
$C: I'm not a Hillary supporter. I'm just against sexual assault, child abuse, and racism. :shrug:
$C: [deleted]
$C: So you dont think Russia influenced the election then, you're gonna stick with that?
$C: Lol Obama's tan suit might have gotten more coverage than this will, and it's pretty depressing.
$C: They're still blaming Obama for this stuff. I was at my grandparents yesterday where Fox News is CONSTANTLY on. Literally all they said was, well Obama met with him...and just went on and on and on. 

Obviously.....it's always been Obama's fault /s. 
$C: I think maybe that isn't the craziest of ideas at this point.
$C: Well, they'd be right to. It's what you should be doing. I think at this point violent protest is an acceptable response.
$C: And I would join them because that's what Patriots do.
$C: Second amendment people.

$C: Oh my God this circlejerk is off the frickin rails.

"B-b-b-but Obama!"

WHATABOUTISM. You guys always shit on Trump supporters for doing the same thing you all are doing. This collective hivemind tribalism bullshit is poison. 
$C: I’ve completely forgotten that trope. Once we crossed from crass and distasteful to treasonous, the comparison no longer fits. 
$C: So why aren't we reacting the same way? 
$C: Aren't a lot of us liberals calling for that?
$C: Vote, and also please call your current elected officials regularly. Even if their position on an issue is contrary to yours, it’s worth calling and calmly reminding them that they represent YOU (and your community) and that you have some feedback. The more people who call, the more likely SOMETHING is to happen. 

And then remind your friends and family to call, too. 
$C: My husband keeps coming up registered Republican! Last primary he almost didn't get to vote for Bernie because they had him registered Republican. That was his first time voting ever and I personally filled the registration form out. He was registered Democrat. I fought and called board of elections and we received something saying it was changed and was able to vote that day. Just got a Republican mailer from mrs.trump, so I'm wondering if it's been switched back to Republican again. I hope that it was just him, but feel like they did this to many people who don't know the laws and we're turned away without voting. 
$C: For the people reading, [Click Here to check your registration](https://www.vote.org/am-i-registered-to-vote/)
$C: It's the illusion of choice. Nothing will change until we force a change. Situations like this are why we have the second amendment, but nobody wants to face a paramilitary operation masquerading as a police force when they have to worry about keeping food on the table for their family. 
$C: Hey man, they kinda can, but it's not so bad. Mostly it's the disinformation fake news stuff. There's a lot of things in place to protect actual voting, so it generally works (for the smaller elections). Especially because they can't risk overselling it. Like ballot stuffing could end up in massive backlash. People don't like that stuff at all.

Think of it like gas prices. If they go too high, people get upset, protest, carpool, take public transportation and actually have an impact; but if they are subtle and slowly do stuff they have to raise it slower but avoid a backlash besides grumbling. Tampering is similar. They can't do too much or too directly, or it'll backfire, so as long as enough people actually care to make a change and actually vote, it'll happen. Does that make sense?
$C: If I may interject and say let’s not forget our civilians. Heather Heyer 100% died due to alt-right types being emboldened by Trump. Ear-tickling rhetoric isn’t funny anymore.
$C: Wow. That's platinum level awful. How the fuck does he not see anything wrong with that.
$C: https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2017/may/25/uk-police-stop-passing-information-to-us-over-leaks-of-key-evidence  
Like this you mean?

$C: Let's look at the Steele dossier.

This was compiled by a guy who was *ex-*British intelligence, and it was all done before the US election.

It would be astonishing if current British intelligence operatives had not compiled a similar dossier of information which would have been available to senior intelligence operatives and possibly also to the Parlimentary intelligence sub-committee. 

I would hypothesise that US intelligence has been cut off from British intelligence flow since no later than November 2016. Certainly from the day Trump shared confidential intelligence material with Israelis in the Oval Office.
$C: So, unintelligent?
$C: Why don’t we all get a whole file of unreported news on the guy and mass protest it on every social media. It could take an individual an hour or two and it would put some pressure on trumps administration. 
$C: This one I don't get. Why is Netanyahu so pro-Trump, when Trump endangered his agents?
$C: Any other nation and I would be sympathetic. But Israel? Hardly a US ally. Fuck Israel. 
$C: The same Obama who tapped the phone of German chancellor?
$C: Is this for real? I'd be interested in reading more about that..
$C: John le carre couldnt write a more twisted plot. 666 fifth avenue - the adress couldnt be more telling as who you‘re dealing with!
$C: That artixle says directly that it is entirely possoble they already knew through some other means and USED Kushner to try to show that they had US backing. Im not a trump fan but this means nothing until proven true IMO.
$C: 
https://www.nytimes.com/2017/05/20/world/asia/china-cia-spies-espionage.html

In China too; in 2012, and I don't know what our Secretary of State did about it.
$C: If I write an article on some unknown website about aliens coming to a country and killing everyone you would believe it if I put 2 names and say allegedly? 
$C: So... Putin wins. 

Edit: This is such a subtle move in the grand scheme of things that someone pointing this out actually makes sense. It wasn’t “let’s crumble their democracy” or any big thing. It was this. This was a starting point for something bigger. A fucking long con. 

Ho. Ly. Shit. 
$C: Don't underestimate the FBI and CIA.
$C: He literally has private conversation with Putin with no one else there 
$C: >Our intelligence corps has probably been decimated at all ranks.

 You think they don't plan for this shit? How could you possibly think that your intelligence agencies have abandoned the nation. What evidence is there to support your claim?
$C: There's no probably about [any](https://www.nbcnews.com/news/china/cia-china-turncoat-lee-may-have-compromised-u-s-spies-n839316) [of](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Donald_Trump%27s_disclosures_of_classified_information) [this](https://www.google.com.au/amp/s/www.ndtv.com/world-news/us-state-department-intelligence-community-worried-by-budget-cuts-1670438%3famp=1&akamai-rum=off), there's just been so much news and scandal that we tend of forget all these things have happened out in the open.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Lol yeah right, their still controlling the narrative. Don't kid yourself, the intelligence agencies still have their tentacles around our throats. 
$C: > Probably similar to our diplomatic corps

The state department is still working on their Obama level numbers. Senior figures left but not every single one of them has resigned. 
$C: Stars, not names. They don't advertise who did the tough work overseas. 
$C: ...what's the normal rate?
$C: Yeah spies are fucking SPIES. They lie and deceive for a living. The entire modern intelligence structure is kind of fucking deranged. They convince politicians that what they are doing is vitally important and then they do whatever they want with all the money. Its been that wayalmost  since they were created. Its just the nature of secrets and the humans they attract.
$C: Non hostile? What universe are you from cos it certainly not this one.
$C: 7 Republican-led investigations, "No evidence of wrongdoing by Clinton". Just sayin'...
$C: >This is a conspiracy

FTFY.  It's no longer a theory.
$C: I’d bet that source is already dead. A bunch of Christopher Steele’s sources were killed, like this dude: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oleg_Erovinkin
$C: You're assuming that source isn't one of the bodies from the trail of dead Russians left in Putin's wake.
$C: President Reek. That’s so fucking apt lol. 
$C: Reek at least has his higher angels he's trying but failing to live up to. Trump is just out for himself, always, screw everyone and everything else.
$C: I know it got lost in the 10 years of time that’s passed since 2016, but let us not forget shortly after trumps inauguration at least 3 people in Russia were abruptly arrested, in dramatic fashion, and charged with treason against the Russian government.

How do you think those individuals were identified?
$C: I'm going to go ahead and assume the CIA isn't dumb enough to reveal who that is to a compromised white house. Just like all allies of the US they know that information shared with this administration goes directly to the Kremlin.
$C: Though it has not been confirmed, there are some speculative indications that this source mentioned may have been Oleg Erovinkin, a former general in the KGB and its successor the FSB, and a key aide to Igor Sechin, a former deputy prime minister and now head of Rosneft, the state-owned oil company, who is repeatedly named in the Steele dossier. Erovinkin was found dead in the back of his car in Moscow on December 26, 2016 at age 61, and no cause of death has been given. For what it's worth, Christopher Steele has denied that Erovinkin was his source. Whether or not it was Erovinkin, you may be interested to know that Glenn Simpson of Fusion GPS and his attorney told congressional investigators in a closed-door testimony to the Senate Judiciary Committee last year that ["Somebody's already been killed as a result of the publication of this dossier"](http://thehill.com/policy/national-security/368141-fusion-gps-lawyer-someone-has-already-been-killed-over-publication)
$C: https://www.upi.com/Top_News/World-News/2017/01/28/Russia-charges-four-top-intelligence-officials-with-treason/6631485636704/

>Jan. 28 (UPI) -- The Russian government arrested four men for treason after an investigation that U.S. intelligence officials speculated was in response to their own inquiry about Russia's hacking of the U.S. presidential election.

>The men arrested include three high profile leaders of its intelligence agency and a contractor working for the cybersecurity office of the Russian national intelligence agency FSB, the successor to the KGB.

>U.S. officials said they could not be certain whether the arrests are in response to U.S. officials citing with "high confidence" that Russia intentionally interfered with the election to help Donald Trump win. However, for Director of National Intelligence James Clapper to make the proclamation the U.S. government is as close to certain as it can be of Russia's role in hacking Democratic groups and Hillary Clinton's campaign, it likely would require human intelligence in addition to Russia's electronic fingerprints.

>If the United States did obtain confirmation about Russian hacking from a mole inside the FSB, it would have had to been a source high up in the power structure because knowledge of such an operation would likely not have spread beyond the senior-most officials there.
>U.S. analysts cautioned it was also possible the FSB was using the existence of a potential leak to the United States as cover to purge itself of members involved in an internal power struggle.
$C: What do you think Trump and Putin were talking about in Helsinki? The Home Run Derby in DC?

That ship has sailed. 
$C: > President Reek 

> Roose Putin

Ugh too true. 
$C: He dead
$C: This happened when they visited the White House, way back. Trump had a closed door meeting where reporters were not allowed and the only reason we found out was because the Russians posted pictures. 

Trump gave them highly classified information, including sources and code names.
$C: I would not be surprised if he gave up the name during the two hour private meeting in Helsinki 
$C: I suspect that the Times have held off on releasing this article for that very reason, knowing it could put certain persons in danger. Someone over there weighed the option of releasing this news and ultimately decided that this Helsinki conference bullshit is the pinnacle of misinformation that Trump has fed to the american people.
$C: Fits the timeline. [Russian Intel Officer arrested for passing information to the CIA.](https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/2017/01/26/report-arrested-russian-intel-officer-allegedly-spied-us/97094696/)
$C: We need to make President Reek a thing.
$C: Go on...
$C: For reals? 
$C: I'll take trump derangement syndrome for $800 Alex.
$C: Everyone knew he was a liar. Now they know that he is a treasonous criminal as well.
$C: This is the highest level of cognitive dissonance I have possibly ever seen.  
$C: Aiding and abetting 
$C: Woah, I was not ready for that twist.
$C: He did. You're displacing blame.
$C: Why isn't Trump doing anything NOW? This is still HAPPENING RIGHT NOW to the fucking midterms. So, if you want to bitch about OBUMMER, fine! I don't care. But where the fuck are your priorities you fucking sycophantic loser?
$C: /s right...?
$C: He did. [Read this](https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/2017/world/national-security/obama-putin-election-hacking/?noredirect=on&utm_term=.f902ab8fee1f) if you want an extremely in-depth explanation.

**Mega-extreme super tl;dr** - He did.

**Extreme tl;dr** - They didn't realize how bad it was, they didn't pour enough effort into it because they didn't think Russia's actions would be truly effective, they didn't speak publicly about it because they knew they would be accused of trying to flip the election in Hillary's favor unless they could get the GOP (spoiler: the GOP played politics), but they *were* working on trying to stop or at least lessen Russia's actions.

Once Trump was elected, they realized they needed to take Russian interference much more seriously, and they were able to make public statements and take public actions against Russia because they could no longer be reasonably accused of trying to get Hillary elected. Yet here dumbshits like you are, so I guess they overestimated the American people.

**Longer tl;dr, quoting directly from the article** - 

>They were concerned that any pre-election response could provoke an escalation from Putin. Moscow’s meddling to that point was seen as deeply concerning but unlikely to materially affect the outcome of the election.

#

>They also worried that any action they took would be perceived as political interference in an already volatile campaign. By August, Trump was predicting that the election would be rigged. Obama officials feared providing fuel to such claims, playing into Russia’s efforts to discredit the outcome and potentially contaminating the expected Clinton triumph.

#

>Despite the intelligence the CIA had produced, other agencies were slower to endorse a conclusion that Putin was personally directing the operation and wanted to help Trump. “It was definitely compelling, but it was not definitive,” said one senior administration official. “We needed more.”

>“The Dems were, ‘Hey, we have to tell the public,’ ” recalled one participant. But Republicans resisted, arguing that to warn the public that the election was under attack would further Russia’s aim of sapping confidence in the system.

#

>Then, on Oct. 31, the administration delivered a final pre-election message via a secure channel to Moscow originally created to avert a nuclear exchange. The message noted that the United States had detected malicious activity, originating from servers in Russia, targeting U.S. election systems and warned that meddling would be regarded as unacceptable interference. Russia confirmed the next day that it had received the message but replied only after the election through the same channel, denying the accusation.

Post-election

>Rice again ordered NSC staffers to finalize a “menu” of punitive measures to use against Moscow. The list that took shape was a distillation of ideas that had been circulating for months across three main categories: cyber, economic and diplomatic.

>Again, the discussion ran into roadblocks.

>Spy agencies wanted to maintain their penetrations of Russian networks, not expose them in a cyber-fusillade.

>Treasury Department officials devised plans that would hit entire sectors of Russia’s economy. One preliminary suggestion called for targeting technology companies including Kaspersky Lab, the Moscow-based cybersecurity firm. But skeptics worried that the harm could spill into Europe and pointed out that U.S. companies used Kaspersky systems and software.

#

>On Dec. 9, Obama ordered a comprehensive review by U.S. intelligence agencies of Russian interference in U.S. elections going back to 2008, with a plan to make some of the findings public.

#

>“In many ways . . . we dealt with this as a cyberthreat and focused on protecting our cyber infrastructure,” Rhodes said in an interview. “Meanwhile, the Russians were playing this much bigger game, which included elements like released hacked materials, political propaganda and propagating fake news, which they’d pursued in other countries.”

>?“We weren’t able to put all of those pieces together in real time,” Rhodes said, “and in many ways that complete picture is still being filled in.” Rhodes declined to discuss any sensitive information.

#

>Economic sanctions, originally aimed only at Russia’s military intelligence service, were expanded to include the FSB, a domestic successor to the KGB. Four Russian intelligence officials and three companies with links to those services were also named as targets.

#

>Cabinet officials were prompted to vote on whether to close one Russian compound or two, whether to kick out around 10 suspected Russian agents, 20 or 35.

#

>The report that Obama had commissioned was released a week later, on Jan. 6. It was based largely on the work done by the task force Brennan John Brennan CIA director. Brennan first alerts the White House to the Putin intelligence and later briefs Obama in the Oval Office. had established and made public what the CIA had concluded in August, that “Putin and the Russian government aspired to help President-elect Trump’s election chances when possible by discrediting Secretary Clinton.”

>It also carried a note of warning: “We assess Moscow will apply lessons learned from its Putin-ordered campaign aimed at the U.S. election to future influence efforts worldwide.”

#

>The most difficult measure to evaluate is one that Obama alluded to in only the most oblique fashion when announcing the U.S. response.

>“We will continue to take a variety of actions at a time and place of our choosing, some of which will not be publicized,” he said in a statement released by the White House.

>He was referring, in part, to a cyber operation that was designed to be detected by Moscow but not cause significant damage, officials said. The operation, which entailed implanting computer code in sensitive computer systems that Russia was bound to find, served only as a reminder to Moscow of the United States’ cyber reach.

>But Obama also signed the secret finding, officials said, authorizing a new covert program involving the NSA, CIA and U.S. Cyber Command.

>Obama declined to comment for this article, but a spokesman issued a statement: “This situation was taken extremely seriously, as is evident by President Obama raising this issue directly with President Putin; 17 intelligence agencies issuing an extraordinary public statement; our homeland security officials working relentlessly to bolster the cyber defenses of voting infrastructure around the country; the President directing a comprehensive intelligence review, and ultimately issuing a robust response including shutting down two Russian compounds, sanctioning nine Russian entities and individuals, and ejecting 35 Russian diplomats from the country.”

When Trump lies to you, telling you Obama did nothing, he's relying on your ignorance of political goings-on, and your willingness to take his words as unadulterated fact. He's relying on your willingness to smugly repeat the sentence "Why didn't Obama do anything?" He's relying on you never actually trying to figure out the answer to that question, because, if you did, you'd learn that the question itself is based on a false premise. He's relying on you letting him con you.
$C: Lmao what a shit argument dude.
$C: But when the last time the man had to double down on something? That means even some of his people woke up for this situation 
$C: Every time I hope something will come from these news headlines, nothing ever happens. At this point I've almost resigned to the idea that this administration is going to nosedive this country into the ground, more so than they already have. 
$C: I honestly look forward to the next installment of Daily US politics. It's better than TV. 

Your political system is a shambles. That's coming from a Brit!
$C: I'm amazed at the shit he's managed to get away with. Here in England an MP was basically forced to resign for allegedly calling someone a pleb.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Plebgate
$C: Same.
$C: And all the pieces matter. 
$C: It has been.
$C: Too freakin' true...
$C: That's a perfect analogy!
$C: Great analogy 

$C: [Shepard Tone](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shepard_tone)
$C: I'll be more interested in whether Maria Butina flips. I think Manafort may legitimately have just been trying to line his own pockets with nobody higher to implicate, but Butina definitely has dirt on some bigger fish than herself.
$C: I think Trump is chomping at the bit to pardon Manafort as a signal to others to not cooperate.
$C: What's the trial date? 
$C: Isn't that one of the cited reasons for him to be in solitary? Security concerns?
$C: Who is manafort? 
$C: [deleted]
$C: So what's his move? Getting rid of Muller/Rosenstein? Or manufacturing some larger, generalized crisis?
$C: It will go down in history as when the GOP disappeared as a meaningful force in American politics, having supported a 21st-century Judas.

This is way beyond Benedict Arnold, and yet the GOP are counting their own votes to retain their *power*.

I would ask them if having done that, will it be  the shadow of a nation they would wish to govern?

It will be an empty victory.  At the  behest of Putin, they (will) set in a meaningless chamber, full of echoes.
$C: I always wondered what it was like to grow up with stuff like Watergate and the Kennedy Assassination going on. Knowing that you’re living through some massive event that will go down in history and shape your nation for years to come. Now i know. 

I don’t like it. Why couldn’t our massive event be the cure of some disease? Why do we have to have this going on? 
$C: Get your ass up and vote. Get your friends and families asses up and vote (unless they support the fat pig). 
$C: 🤔
$C: Republicunts
$C: Don't forget they also shut down the cyber warfare office.

Oh yeah, and two weeks ago 7 of them met with Putin on July 4th for no apparent reason.
$C: The GOP is a cancer on America. Anti-democracy, anti-minority, anti-immigrant, anti-worker class, anti-environment, anti-lgbtq, anti-healthcare, anti-poor, anti-science, anti-gun safety, anti-net neutrality, pro-ultrarich. The Republican Party platform is no longer just a “different set of political beliefs” worthy of being respected like any other, it’s anti fucking HUMAN. 
$C: Ya know, I used to believe that the GOP just simply didn’t give a shit about the country, and we’re just trying to make a quick buck fro themselves and their donors. But now, I think the GOP is literally, actively, trying to destroy their own country. They are LITERALLY TRYING to destroy the country. 
$C: Fucking scum. And we elected them. 
$C: I don't know how many times I've seen, "we should be in the streets over this" in the past several weeks and months, but for the love of God their inaction speaks just as loudly as the evidence against 45.

When's the widescale protest? Does Friday work for y'all? 
$C: Trey gowdy has also blocked over 50 subpoenas  https://democrats-oversight.house.gov/news/press-releases/oversight-republicans-block-six-more-subpoenas-for-a-total-of-52-motions-denied
$C: Agreed. So let's vote them all out of office this November. No excuses, fucking go out and vote.
$C: what the actual fuck
$C: So how do you feel about that 2nd amendment right about now?
$C: I think the GOP is content, because the Russians aren't targeting them, they're targeting the Democrats. They'll just stay in office and just keep rolling.
$C: Honest inquiry here: under what guise does the gop block said amendment ? I suppose I'm wondering this: what would a GOP supporter claim is in the best interest to shoot down this bill?
$C: Every single one of them deserves charges of treason. They are refusing to work on security for one of the tenets of our nation. Not a damn one of them deserves their position and not a damn one of them deserves better than a cold cell for the rest of their lives. 
$C: But what about stopping all those illegal immigrants from voting? Also, can we remember this vote when Trump starts bitching about Russian interference when he loses the house?
$C: They know their end is coming. November 6th is getting close and they'll all be voted out soon. 
$C: > Traitors. Every one of them.

I love my 1789 country
$C: Because the Russian agent was arrested and charged... she's gonna show how the NRA laundered massive amounts of Russian $$ into the GOP. Of course they want to do everything then can to bury it.
$C: Don't forget, this was probably the same information McConnell and Obama saw leading up to the election.  The shit McConnell refused to let go public, even threatening to turn into a partisan issue
$C: Well...we're doomed. 
$C: All of them should be arrested, tried, and hanged.
$C: that bill wouldn't achieve anything unless the money is specifically going to the democrats to hire better security. ultimately, it was the democratic party that was hacked, not the vague, obfuscated idea of "the election".
$C: When they lose, it will be because of millions of illegal aliens voting.
$C: Hasn't this already happened? Aren't they still counting votes in Florida?
$C: [removed]
$C: > Needs to happen before the mid-term elections or we are heading into disaster. One side or the other can and will claim the results bogus no matter what at this point, chaos will ensue.

Every since high school I have been advocating killing off every single sitting Washington politician and replacing the entire lot at once. Can't corrupt the new if the entirety of the old died before they got elected. 
$C: And who was staunchly against citizens United? Gasp! Hillary.
$C: How do other democracies tackle this?

There’s always going to be a percentage of the population that’s “smart” and a percentage that’s “dumb”. 

It seems as though our politicians have typically marketed themselves to the “smart” voter base. 

Somewhere in the last 8-12 years, some shift has gone to marketing towards a “dumb” voter base (obviously, this is debatable). 

Despite many smart voters thinking they didn’t need to go out and vote, I just can’t see how this is actually working so well. 

Bottom line - this next election cycle, your vote is needed to save the country from folding under. 
$C: I would believe election results that don’t come along with evidence of tampering. 

I’m not saying this election had tampered results. 

However, the first step to Russia fulling tampering our elections is having a complicit President that’s not willing to stand up to their meddling. 
$C: so you need to call your congress member, today
$C: You refer to Putin, because trump isn't smart enough or disciplined enough to be a Sith.
$C: Hahaha, its not happening. 

The left has blowin your wad, nothing will come from this nothingburger and you morons will lose even more power.

But keep going, this is exactly how losers act and continue to lose.

you people are a drain on society.
$C: What is he being impeached for this time?
$C: Fuck
$C: Who said they did?
$C: Why are liberals so mentally handicapped to not even understand what treason charges are?

1, We are not at war with russia, therefore there is no treason.

2, This is a nothingburger, every country tries to fuck with every other country via propaganda. We have been doing it since before ww2, its amazing you losers think this is new.

3, the democrats are blaming all of their ills on russia, that shows just how weak and moronic they are. The democrats will not hold power in america for quite a while.

4, this entire thread is clearly astroturfed but redditors like yourself are so mentally retarded that you can't see the forest through the trees...
$C: You’re missing the point...

No one said this is about changing votes... as far as we know, that hasn’t happened, yet...

What we do know is that Russia is actively meddling with our elections. Whether that be spreading propaganda, donating money to certain political groups through back channels (NRA), or physically altering vote counts... they are meddling. 

Furthermore, the President of the United States, who has the power and authority to tell the leader of Russia to “mind his own business” has not done so. In fact, he is openly siding with said Russian leader. Trump is also discrediting the findings of our intelligence agencies. The ONE man in this country that should be defending the institutions of this country more than any other is throwing this entire country under the bus in favor of the leader of another country - and likely for his own personal gain, be it money, power, notoriety, etc. 

While there’s been no proof that Trump is an active participant in the meddling, he sure acts as though he’s enjoying the spoils of said meddling.

Furthermore, Putin is not a “clean” leader. He meddles, murders, blackmails, and uses his power to his advantage to to those in his inner circle. Think of him as “someone with balls” or what you may - but if that type of leadership ends up taking control of this country, you’re going to wish you would have stood up for your right to free and open elections a lot sooner. 

If Obama would have sided with Putin in 2012, this country would have been up in arms. Only thing is, that Obama and his administration had the balls to tell Putin to fuck off rather than stick Putin’s cock in his mouth and ask him to be his best friend. 
$C: Hey you can’t say that, you’re putting other echos in my cave. >:(
$C: For the most part, our country has always believed in our election results. Even with people believing the results, we have been slowly turning towards a divided country. One that has remained civil. 

You know how you can’t trust a liar because you know half the time the guy lies about everything?

Throw in just a hint of question-ability into the results, and people are going to start losing their shit. If we get to a point where results have no value what-so-ever, this country is definitely headed towards chaos. 

You can live in a country (like Russia) where you know your election results are bullshit. But, you are probably also accepting the fact that your controlled by an autocrat. 

There are going to be a lot of people in this country that aren’t going to be willing to give up heir freedom because some moron has rigged their election into office. 
$C: The emperor’s new clothes 
$C: If only there was some ancient parable to warn us of this possibility!
$C: Except instead of one kid, half the country, its intelligence community, most other nations of the world, and the vast majority of  its media are all fucking screaming “HE HAS NO CLOTHES ON!”. Meanwhile, the rest of the crowd are admiring how many gaudy, gold planted tassel he has coming off his sleeve and how they make his hands look enormous. 
$C: ( ͡°( ͡° ͜ʖ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)ʖ ͡°) ͡°)
$C: That sad part is that in the story, people went along with it.
$C: This describes the fucking insanity that is going on in this country on a daily basis!! After reading the article I'm just in complete daze. I don't understand why this isn't the headline on every news site in the country, tv or paper. It's truly doomsdayian( not a word but should be?)

Edit: fixed words during rant
$C: Alright Hans Christian Anderson, we get it already.
$C: "If you tell a big enough lie and tell it frequently enough, it will be believed." - Adolf Hitler
$C: It has been reported in parts, I think with the exception of the source close to Putin. But I remember reading about Dutch intelligence hacking into the Russian hacking facility and catching many of these military officials on camera. 
$C: Intel community is going to gut him. He's been shitting on them for two years...and he committed treason *over the phone.* Yes he's that dumb. WaPo has been sitting on the fucking recordings at Mueller's request. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: You want me to recap the past two years of news for you? 
$C: You didn't get curious when Putin told Trump in Helsinki "Donnie, go get your shoe shine box!"?
$C: Oh man.  Don't show them the picture of Bill Clinton and Boris Yeltsin laughing hysterically...  
$C: Being a t_d poster is like the face tattoo of the internet. 
$C: Dude the people at the Donald are beyond help. I'm surprised their hearts remember to beat 
$C: But we like Putin now right??? THIS SHOULD BE A GOOD THING!
$C: Putin whispered: *Your successor will be Donald Trump.*
$C: Seriously ... everyone who isn't already banned from t_d should xpost this now... the mods will have trouble banning everyone ... at least in a timely manner
$C: The_Delirious
$C: Or a picture of chuck schumer having a donut with Putin from over a decade ago. 

https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.usatoday.com/amp/98695162
$C: I’m happy that Obama laughed at a joke from Putin. It can make it lots easier to make changes in the world around us. 
$C: Are you telling me people are spreading a photo without context for political purposes?

[Unpossible](https://i.imgur.com/K3HtJPn.jpg)!
$C: https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/obama-more-flexibility-russia/

Here you go. Muh Russian Collusion. 
$C: Just landed from a flight, the guy next to me had Fox News up, I believe it was Hannity. The banner read something like Obama policies weak, Trump hard on Russia.
$C: yep. “fake news”, the fracturing of accepted reality is the cornerstone of trumpism... evil genius stuff
$C: The point of the article is that Trump was briefed about this before his inauguration and has been trying to undermine it ever since. Obama also knew but he's not out there trying to suggest that putin and Russia might be innocent. 
$C: Yeah, and he informed the public, criticized Russia, made information sharing easier between intelligence agencies and put new sanctions on Russia. He could've been much more effective in communicating the issue, but he did try to address it. 
$C: They're truly toxic and delusional people.
$C: Maybe you wasted their time, but maybe they'll eventually see you were right and apologize for acting like pricks in the years to come. Or not.
$C: Someone should make a yelp for people
$C: A cop told you that? Get him fired, man.
$C: "tell her why she should have swallowed."

Classy.

I used to really hate on trump supporters in my mind, but the last few weeks I am just mystified by the ignorance and feel bad for them.
$C: Don't waste your time on Trump supporters. Spend time with people who you know or think do not vote in midterm elections and get them to see why it's important. 
$C: Aw man, tell us more about this campaign.

Whats your setting?
$C: I wonder why people still want to move to america
$C: How's your DnD campaign going?
$C: And Trump said he mispoke the next day. You can show them he went back on his own word and they wont hear it.
$C: I've talked to them before. You can't go after them straight. You can't show them your truth, because then it becomes you that tries to feed them poison fruit.

You can, however, ask questions. Let them see evidence with their own eyes. Take them places where the propaganda doesn't go and ask what it means to them.

When a worldview collapses, it's never from external forces, but from the internal trying to reconcile the irreconcilable. And it's a painful process, as all growth is. And if you are patient with them, there is still a chance.

And even now I ask this of you because our real enemies, the ones that truly want America dead, are succeeding in letting us tear each other apart. We're growing even more apart as the extremes are taking over the discourse. WE CAN NOT LET THEM.

I've spoken to Trump supporters to let them remember why we still should care about each other, and I go to Trump haters to do the same. A lot of us are in a dark place, and the harder it gets for people, the easier it is to lash out, curl inwards, and think that the focus should be just ourselves and fuck everyone else.

We are better than that. We are capable of so much more than that. We're Americans, first and foremost. Not from a Constitution or a country's borders but from the people and the culture that we've shared.

Remind them of why we are much greater together.
$C: Woah! This is crazy, I spent all night arguing with Trump supporters on Facebook as well. As of his recent meeting with Putin I intend to make sure there is opposition everywhere they gather. However I’ve been working on a fucking fantastic D&D campaign, I have 80 some odd hours in writing, worldbuilding, and way more time map making and whatnot as well. For weeks I’ve been doing this every night, tonight I had to stop and argue with morons online, it saddened me.
$C: I personally view the grand majority of Trump supporters to be dangerous - mentally, emotionally and in most cases violent/agressive when someone doesn't agree with them. The only common factor among all of them is a major lack of a history education.
$C: Don't argue with an idiot. They will drag you down to their level and beat you with experience. 
$C: don't give them the time of day ever again, working on that dnd campaign is a much better use of your time
$C: “Come and take it, piggy” (the load, I mean)
$C: I hope you archived it. At this point I'm game for public shaming. Right now these idiots are emboldened by social media, you want to stop them turn social media into a place where anything they say can and will be shared with their name and face by it. Call it thought policing, it isn't, but part of the problem is racist and idiots use to not say racist and idiotic things because they would be called racist and/or stupid. Remove the presumption of privacy from their clubs and you remove the echo chamber.
$C: These people are completely lost and that's the scariest part. If Trump gets impeached or even voted out people like that will turn violent on their fellow Americans. We're fucked. 
$C: Holy shit I can't believe this is real, good luck surviving in that environment. 
$C: I liked how they personally attacked u, rather than trying to use logic and facts to show why they disagreed.  /s 
$C: did you suggest to him perhaps he should be institutionalized and drugged for the rest of his natural life? 

I'd have dropped that casually. 

Like "what if this conversation comes out in your mental competency trial?"
$C: how do people still even have Facebook after shit like this? I deleted my (hardly used to begin with) account a few months ago and I haven't missed it once. 
$C: Man fucking uneducated swine is my primary form of entertainment XD they're just too dumb to know they're bending themselves over and fucking themselves in the ass
$C: Trump supporters are a cult, and a dangerous one.
$C: Damn, im sorry to hear that. Fuck Trump, I fucking hate it when he ruins everything for us on the left.
$C: Those people don’t deserve to spread their genes. The gene pool in America is truly disgusting. A cleanse is needed 
$C: No, this is worse. Hyperbole, I know. But this is worse..

* The idiocracy president was black without anyone throwing a fit about it
* The idiocracy president recognized when someone was more skilled or intelligent than him and enabled them with leadership responsibilities
* And he did the previous point becuase he wanted to do the right thing. Donald Trump has no fucking concept of the 'right thing.' It's all selfishness.
$C: Technically, yes. https://www.wwe.com/superstars/donald-trump
$C: Absolutely. Russia infiltrated the RNC.
$C: I wanted it to be that link. Glad you’re a Sam Seder listener. It’s just..... crazy
$C: By all accounts I've seen they had a clear preference for Trump in their election meddling, though you are right that the end goal is division and weakening of America.
$C: Literally nothing has changed in Korea. He could tell you that he solved poverty in Africa, without doing a thing, and you'd repeat it as fact. 
$C: > When Trump brought peace to Korea

Also when Trump landed on the moon, people asked how Trump made the ocean worse.

You know, since we are making up stuff that didn't happen.
$C: What a pathetic attempt at redirection. 
$C: News comes out that Trump knew from the beginning that the dictator of Russia personally ordered people to meddle in and harm our democracy, has done nothing about it in the 1 1/2+ years since, and *you’re trying to deflect with the DNC nonsense?*
$C: I would suggest clicking that link and your state after that. Once there you can see your Democrats that are running. I would do some research on the things you find important and see which candidates share the same qualities. You can always just pick all democrats on the ticket without selecting a candidate too.
$C: I honestly don't get why GOP doesn't just impeach the lying bastard. Pence would be next up and politics could go on as usual. Instead they actually prefer to have Trump leading this daily circus? Don't understand that logic.
$C: ...I can't imagine the court proceedings for this guy
$C: >One of the impeachment counts for Nixon was lying to the American people. Trump's been doing that his entire time in office and clearly won't stop.

Yes, but to be fair, every American president has lied to the people about one thing or another.  The Democrats don't want that to become the norm lest they are on the receiving end of it during their time in the high office.
$C: Was Nixon actually impeached? What was the makeup of the congress that impeached him? Was his own party on board?
$C: One of the charges in Clinton's impeachment was Obstruction of Justice (it actually got more "guilty" votes in the Senate trial than the charge based on his perjury.)  Plenty of Republicans understand what it means for a President to obstruct justice and why a president doing that should be removed...
$C: It’s utterly shameful that we’re at this point in history. Reality doesn’t matter.  Facts don’t matter. This is beyond embarrassing. This is criminal and infuriating.
$C: Problem is half of the American people didn’t care this time 
$C: Thing I don't get is that he is already the president and  his supporters don't care what comes out of his mouth so he doesn't need to lie! 
$C: It's why we need to get him in front of Mueller or congresss. We needed it last Sunday.

He needs to be pressed under oath.
$C: It sucks even in the beginning we had a feeling this would happen. Now the wound might be opening a little bit bigger.
$C: Funnily enough, one of my very pro-Trump friends from high school posted earlier today that we should make politicians wear collars that shock them whenever they lie. All I could think is "This kills the Trump."
$C: People said firing the head prosecutor was also one of the accounts for Nixon's impeachment. I'm not holding my breath.
$C: What happens if both the current president and vice president goes down, who takes over? Is there another election?
$C: The difference is back then your supporters didnt blindly support you when you were caught lying to them.
$C: "for other high crimes and misdemeanors" was included in the articles of impeachment for the purpose of making horrendously unethical or 'technically' not illegal actions by the president still an impeachable offense. 
$C: Yet I don’t feel he will be impeached...
$C: I'm not from America so this may be a stupid question.

Trump has said many times that there was no collusion. But if there is evidence that Trump knew that the Russians interfered with the presidential election and was still silent about it, is that treason?

If that is not treason then what is it?

$C: Isn’t that why Clinton got impeached too?
$C: But they’re not lies, they’re alternative facts, ya know. 

/s to be safe

Also, who names their kid Kellyanne? What kind of Midwestern suburban white Mormon Mom nonsense is that??
$C: They can't do that, Washington would be a ghost town.
$C: Isn't lying synonymous with politican though?
$C: Mmm, I mean it got thrown in there yes, but if you don’t think that every politician ever has lied or embellished to position themselves better then you’re pretty delusional.
$C:  No it was not
$C: Is this real just cause u say it is?
$C: He has kept more promises, than any other president (Since you've been alive), combined.
$C: Dont believe a thing that the Obama administration presented or touched by Brennan or Clapper. 
$C: They'll make the movie and have to cut the whole affair with a porn star storyline because it wasn't important enough. 
$C: My social media feeds have become such a steady stream of anti-Trump rhetoric that whenever I notice a slight uptick in the number of 'It's time to impeach Trump' stories, I'm not sure if it's my imagination, a slow news day, or if he actually did something crazier than usual. But yes. This seems like a very big deal.
$C: Then it'll just blow over. Clinton was impeached for a blow job, how is Trump not even being seriously considered? Genuine shock for me.
$C: [wacky fucking shenanigans](https://tenor.com/view/treason-its-funny-cuz-its-treason-colbert-gif-7845903) 
$C: Right? And the craziest thing is it just keeps happening every week and nothing is done about it. 
$C: When do these shenanigans start being cheeky and fun?
$C: Charleston should have been the wakeup call. This has gone waay too far. 
$C: "...~~wacky fucking shenanigans~~ treason."
$C: > ~~wacky fucking shenanigans~~

*treasonous fucking duplicity*
$C: It's even scarier when you're not sure if you've heard this already or not. It's such a barrage of insanity that you can't even keep anything straight anymore. 
$C: Seriously though. Every few days there’s always something else. It’s like there’s no end. 
$C: Shenanigans is one thing. The whole thing comes
down to ego, and he’ll never let anybody tell him that he didn’t win that election fair and square and I think that’s the issue with him.
$C: >...wacky fucking shenanigans. 

You misspelled "criminal obfuscation, pathological lying, and psychopathy."
$C: It's a continuous stream of confusion. 

America is falling sick to the bites of 1000 ants because it can't focus on one and can't swipe fast enough before the next sting 
$C: Obama scandals included a tan suit and his (our) preference for spicy mustard on his sandwiches. I know I was lost, but I miss those days.  
$C: The scary part is that you're all just letting it happen because muh midtermzzzz are coming up!!!1!

Bunch of complacent fools
$C: Once per comments section is enough, brother.
$C: Replying review your sources when I have time after work, thanks.
$C: I want this to be true.

But your sources are news articles. Those news articles do not name or indicate where their sources come from.

For an independent like me, my interest fizzles when I am told "believe it because the new york times says so"

The times needs to provide me some information about how they learned this in order to get me onboard.
$C: Do you get paid to just post this? I hate trump as much as the next guy but reading these (which youve posted MANY times in the past few hours) I always wonder if this is propoganda fighting the russian propoganda then I get stuck thinking about wtf I should actually believe.

Edit: then i get downvoted just for asking what motivation he has for posting this on every thread... just weird. Makes you think the US government is paying someone to downvote my question. Lol

Edit 2: or fuck is it the russians trying to sow discontent?
$C: Im starting to think that this guy might've been a poor choice for president
$C: Non American here. Can someone please explain to me how this is even possible? I'm shocked by how this scum can come up with such bullshit every  single day and still be in office. Is there nothing you, as normal American citizens
 can do to legally kick out your president if he goes apeshit crazy? 
$C: That is assuming he didn't know full well beforehand.
$C: [deleted]
$C: He's too stubborn and proud to admit that he didn't win fair and square and instead had it handed to him.
$C: This is one of those times where you feel like history is happening right in front of your eyes. 
$C: I’ve been saying this could be the most ineffective Congress ever, and I don’t think that’s necessary hyperbole. Only the history books will tell.
$C: I feel bad for saying this, but I’ve lost perspective with all of this crap. Is this really so important? Because it’s already known that the Intel Groups said Russia interfered and Trump has denied it or dodged saying yes. Why is it so much more of a big deal if he was told specific info that Vlad personally ordered the attacks? The Republicans will release regretful statements but do nothing until they are either voted out or the Capitol collapses on their heads. What does this change?
$C: Fuck, can you imagine being in the intelligence community for 558 days, sitting on your hands, trying to stay silent, knowing what Trump knows and knowing he's lying to America daily?
$C: Your closing paragraph is so important, and I wish everyone would realize this. You can call Trump a traitor and whatever you want but as long as the GOP allows his behaviors to go unchecked nothing will change. It's really looking like 2018 midterms could be the most consequential midterm election in modern history. 
$C: Excuse my ignorance, but with this and all the other news about the elections being compromised, how is there not an open investigation on whether or not Trump should remain in his position? 
$C: >This is watershed.

Except that 33% of the voting population, ~15% of eligible voters, either will never believe this or won't care.

Next time you're in a space with a dozen people, remember that two of them wil *go to their grave* defending Trump, no matter the evidence. If he **admitted** to the facts in this story, they would claim he had good reasons for doing what he did.

These people are your fellow Americans. They are no less American for holding those beliefs. And we need to move forward with them. How, exactly, do we?
$C: REGISTER TO VOTE FOR NOVEMBER

VOTE (R) FOR RUSSIA

VOTE (D) FOR DEMOCRACY
$C: It's a coup. But they forgot they need us
$C: It's important but people won't see it because r/worldnews discriminates on the basis of business model. Ugh.
$C: Right, every state in the union should be looking up how to recall federal representatives who do not act in the interests of a strong union.
$C: How is this not being treated as treason by either party?
$C: We need to redo the election. And reverse all his lifetime appointees.
$C: Stop saying the GOP “lacks a spine” or are otherwise weak. They are COMPLICIT. They are deeply involved and engaged in these crimes against the country. Their ranks have been infiltrated and they are a fully owned asset of the Russian Federation. 
$C: “The evidence includes texts and emails” 

Okay if this evidence is real, then thank fucking god, but where is it? It’s easy to make an article saying “evidence proves” but when you go into vague statements like “according to several people” or “a top secret source” then this shit isn’t a big deal, we need names, individuals, people sticking their neck out, and the actual emails/messages themselves, otherwise this is going to disappear like every other article that has come out about this investigation.
$C: The GOP isn't going to do anything so long as their constituents support Trump. They're a huge part of the problem right now, and our total disintegration of civil discourse with them is doing nothing but make it worse. This is exactly what Russia's attacks meant to accomplish and I have no idea how we're going to reverse it before it's too late.
$C: > Donald J. Trump was shown highly classified intelligence indicating that President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia had personally ordered complex cyber attacks to sway the 2016 American election.

You see where the problem was 

> shown highly classified intelligence

What they should have done was put on a puppet show indicating that President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia had personally ordered complex cyber attacks to sway the 2016 American election.
$C: So, treason now? He denied any collusion up and down knowing he was lying
$C: I mean...Yeah, it's important that this is being brought up, but we know that if Obama knew, well, by the time the election was over (if not before-hand, when both he and Clinton were getting briefings), he'd know full well anything that happened.

Of course he denied it, and most of us said at the time, "Well, we know for a fact the dude knows what the US knows."
$C: >**But this story is no longer about Trump. It's about the treasonous lack of spine by the Republican Party to act in the face of an attack by Russia, and a President who has become a clear and present danger to the United States.**

And what does the Constitution say you do to domestic enemies of the United States?
$C: Isn't it great that absolutely nothing is going to happen? Just fucking terrific. 

He'll probably even get a second term. 
$C: That last paragraph. Fucking preach! 
$C: How classified is it if everyone now knows about it? 
$C: To be fair to Trump, the intelligence agencies also said Saddam had WMDs and we wasted a trillion dollars and 5000 American lives because of our intelligence agencies being wrong.

However, I do think the evidence is overwhelming. 

Also the reason why Trump says this stuff is simply his delusional fantasy that he won the popular vote. He has this obsession with being seen as a winner and this questions his legitimacy so he continually denies it.
$C: They must have something on him.  Something big he wants to hide.  
$C: Only if the sources are willing to come forward and testify, this seems like it hinges largely on eyewitness accounts.
$C: This 
$C: The V. stands for Vladimirovich if you can believe it. 
$C: Did you say Clear and Present Danger?? Somebody call Harrison Ford...
$C: America First*

*Some conditions apply.
$C: Well said.
$C: I feel like all of the dirty being piled against the US government is like a giant slingshot - it just keeps pulling further and further back until it's all about to get released and hit them all right in the face very, very hard.
$C: Omg.
$C: Impeachable OFFENSE. 😑
$C: So when is anyone going to put a stop to this ? 
$C: Trump fired Comey for the investigation and called it the ‘fake’ Russia thing on TV.  He knew all this when he did it.
$C: From this he just comes across being embarrassed that he couldn’t win on his own, which could be part of why he started lying, his ego couldn’t handle it. 
$C: Get him out.
$C: His presidency has become Trump’s version of “What is a potato?”
$C: I knew it was insecurity guiding his need to always talk about the election (still!) and how he won fair and square. But now, it makes even more sense. As if saying it over and over makes it true. 
$C: Boom. Trump could break every constitutional law and the Republicans in Congress would still not come together to not only impeach but to also vote to have him kicked out of office. Are they afraid of him or are they afraid of losing power to the Democratic Party for decades by not admitting that Donald Trump simply was the worst candidate they could muster in 2016? I think it might be the latter.
$C: My question is what happens if he is impeached ? His vice president takes over obviously right? I feel that can be just as bad as an outcome. I feel as though Donald Trump's committee it's just as corrupt as mr. Trump himself. 
$C: Seems a lot more like Americans would rather divide further and de-legitimize the election, than address the Russian issue...
$C: I’m on my iPhone scrolling through reddit atm

$C: You want a real answer balanceimbalance? 

I supported my state Senator Bernie Sanders in the primaries. Even worked his campaign while I went to school and worked full time to pay my ridiculous student loans. Then the DNC shot itself in the foot, the GOP propaganda machine (and Russia) won the electoral college, and we had our Commander and Cheeto.

I continued to support my local and regional Democratic representatives in every way possible, including making websites for free. I've gone as far as using both of my TWO weeks of paid vacation and an extra 5 days of UNPAID days to protest in our capital. 

All for none. Our country, our division, our system...our society needs more than mass action. But many of us in a position to do anything short of become homeless or die in a bloody revolution have done so. For nothing.

So you tell me...what do I, and so many like me, do now?

Edit: There are many different discussions going on below this comment. I strongly suggest everyone read through, agree/dissent, engage in a discourse that is missing in our representation. But more importantly, keep an open mind, and attempt to see how we may be more similar than we're lead to believe. Rather than drift further apart.
$C: Listen man, we're trying. I've been watching the news with little breaks to scream or cry since the Helsinki Summit. This is the moment where we all band together or we watch our country divulge into a dystopian nightmare. If he can say he prefers a hostile nation to the US we lose. That ends our sovereignty, our exceptionalism, our defense, and most importantly our freedom. I wait with bated breath to see a correction of course from those in charge.
$C: The pathetic thing is that people still cling to some notion that Trump is somehow being duped, that he doesn't realize Putin is playing him, as opposed to being a willing collaborator. 
$C: Down-voted? As a citizen of the USA, I graciously give you my upvote. The thing is, we haven’t all been tricked, duped, and played like pawns. I would posit that a good portion (possibly even majority) of us have been aware and watching this shit-show from the start. 

And you are absolutely correct: What the fuck are we going to do? 
$C: Ready to get downvoted? Dude reddit has been saying this since like, the election 
$C: There's huge protests all the time, and smaller protests in towns across America trying to raise awareness locally (which are especially important for the types that only get news from Fox). People are calling and writing and emailing their senators and reps. People are trying to boycott Trump brands. Plus, you've got more Democrats trying to get out there and convince more people to vote. So what else can be done? What do we do when the Republicans in power don't care about the protests? Or when the election's so rigged it doesn't matter who's voting?
$C: What I'm actually worried about is... one of these days, probably close to the general election, Trump and his administration is going to come out and 100% affirm that not only did Russia interfere before, they are interfering currently.

And then... in the interest of national security, of course, they will "temporarily" suspend elections until the sanctity of the vote can be assured.

Just watch. What will we do then?
$C: Leave, sooner rather than later.
$C: Lol I'm American.  Are you just figuring this out because most of us were aware the moment this idiot got elected let alone took office.  And in case you haven't been paying attention it's creating a lot of drama in our country.  There's drama because people are resisting this.  So we are doing what we are going to do.  The question is will it be enough.   Information warfare has taken a huge step forward and I'm not sure any country knows how to deal with this.
$C: Nothing. I want our empire to fall. I'm tired of being upset about people being stupid and blindly following half baked ideologies. I'm tired of this violent abuse of public resources and use getting to the position that we are better off as a society when we stop funding public goods. If Russia is smart enough to exploit that, good! Trump is a 10 year old so I'm not worried ahout him. Congress should know better and should be trying to stop it but they are instead stuck in the best circle jerk the world as ever seen. 
$C: I got pornhub open on the other tab atm. What's your excuse?


$C: Well, about 1/3 of the adult citizens were (all those things), and those of us who weren't have no idea what they're going to do about it. Humility and growth caused by self reflection aren't strong attributes of the conservatives.....
$C: Vote Independent from now on. What I would like to do is march on DC and fire Congress. Remove term limits, remove super PACs, remove the 2 party system. The biggest enemy of the U.S. shouldn't be the US. 
$C: Does no one in the U.S protest? 
$C: The American people asked for this, and are getting exactly what they deserve.  This isn't about 1 election. 2010, 2012, 2014, and 2016 all played a DIRECT role in what is happening now.  State, Congressional and Presidential elections are all relevant.  Not to mention the fact that Americans buy tons of shit for GOP donors.  And of course their legendary apathy when they disagree with something.
$C: There isn’t much we can do. Feels very hopeless at this point. 
$C: Well, I'll go vote in the middterms. And I'll vote in the next presidential election. But I live in Texas, so my vote really doesn't matter on either front. 
$C: Republicans do not represent Americans.
$C: Go to the Winchester, have a nice cold pint, and wait for all of this to blow over.

Also, I'll literally never vote Republican again in my lifetime, unless it's like a choice between a Republican attorney who's successfully prosecuted racist murderers and a twice-disgraced theocrat Democrat judge with a tendency to diddle minors. But what're the odds of that happening again with the political affiliations flipped?
$C: Same thing you would do.  Bitch online a lot but not really do anything.
$C: Keep voting the way I have been my entire life.

My state is functional, and if the GOP continues to destroy the Union, my state will be fine if we have to leave it.
$C: >3 months ago
$C: I hate to be the millionth person saying it but part of the problem is the divide in the country. Judging by the election we can assume that a little under half of our people support Trump. I'd love to go marching through the streets and and demand change from our politicians, but half the country wont do that with me. Instead they'll march in the streets to say Trumps done nothing wrong and I'm the problem. Everyone thinks their the good guy so no one will listen to the other side. On top of this we risk a lot by trying to protest too much. Many of us can only take so much time off work or from school. I'm getting fucked on how much I have to pay for school so I'm making the most of it and making sure I dont have to stay longer than necessary. I can only do so much before I damage my life, and I cant risk that. And for many people they can do even less than me. I'm fortunate enough to live in a liberal area, but if I lived in a red state and protested just on Facebook I could be risking having anyone track me down and potentially assault me (verbally or otherwise) for my beliefs. If roughly half the country blindly supports the man than I as one person can only do so much before I ruin my own life, and I'd rather just wait out his term or see if he gets impeached. I'm not mad at you, I'm sure as an outsider this is all maddening, just know that many of us want to fight back more than we currently can
$C: Yes and no. Alot of us were against this and are against this and knew what would happen and what is happening,I want to say everyone has terrible leaders every now and then and America is young so it's about time we had someone really bad but I wish it never had to happen. 

As an American I can do two things. Vote and pray to Mueller because he's the only one who can save us right now.
$C: Only 63 million of us were duped. The majority of us were wide-eyed throughout the election cycle, and still are. 
$C: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O9IjrcOqIxc
$C: Nothing to do. America has become so corrupt, there's nothing to do but wait.
$C: There is plenty of freedom in the USA. It is a democracy like most other western countries.

Of course, freedom also means we have the ability to elect total idiots to office. 

I'm not sure why you think this makes the USA look "unfree".
$C: Ikr! It’s scary 
$C: Nothing.  They didn’t do anything when 30 million Mexican citizens came into our country and set up a foreign constituency.  They didn’t do anything when 30+ members of Congress have dual citizenship.  Suddenly Russia gets caught with their hand in the cookie jar and you think that’s going to change anything?  LOL!
$C: Wait in line for taco bell.
$C: [deleted]
$C: "I may have committed some light treason."
$C: [deleted]
$C: Yuge deal.
$C: if hastags were case sensitive i'd like #tRUmp
$C: Elections are this November. It’s not a presidential election, but you can still vote every single democrat you can get in office. Slow this guy down or road block him. Make sure you’re registered to vote. No excuse. 
$C: No that was a coincidence. 
$C: Yes
$C: The story of America's first President*
$C: I've been seeing it floating around since early yesterday.
$C: got 'em
$C: Yep. That's why all I want is Trump to be convinced he can handle a sitdown with Mueller. He'll perjure himself back to the stone age.
$C: I mean, yeah, you're not wrong, but my point was more about how blatant treason is worse than infidelity and lying about said infidelity, the system is flawed at best. 
$C: No, perjury is *knowingly* lying under oath. If someone asks you what you had for lunch the other day and you tell them the wrong thing, it would only be perjury if they can prove that you willfully lied. If they ask Trump what he had for lunch on April 14th of 2017, and he tells them something wrong, they could only charge him with perjury if they had evidence that he knows what he had for lunch that day but lied to investigators anyway. Not if he legitimately doesn't remember and accidentally tells them the wrong thing.
$C: > If you or I accidentally screw up describing what we ate for lunch, we’d be jailed for years.

This sounds stupid.

"You haven't done anything wrong, but you have lied about it, so here is some jail".  

Worse even, if you lie but not under oath, it's perfectly ok and legal and there is no repercussion whatsoever. But if you took an oath just before that, shit is going to hit the fan. 
$C: Fair enough, but his second term wasn't exactly productive, before or after his acquittal by the senate. 
$C: Oh look a Russian cock sucker who sold his country for a feeling of "winning".
$C: [removed]
$C: Trump all but promised to shit on non-white, non-Christians for as long as he was in power and boy oh boy did the closet racists hear his call. 
$C: > I will never wrap my head around how America elected a man as President who accused his predecessor of being of faking his birth certificate so he could become POTUS.

Have you ever talked to the people who eat at Denny's *sober?*
$C: For any motivation of man you need only follow the money.
$C: >	I will never wrap my head around how America elected a man as President who accused his predecessor of faking his birth certificate so he could become POTUS.

Hint: "Vladimir V. Putin of Russia had personally ordered complex cyberattacks to sway the 2016 American election."
$C: Not even that. How did we elect this shady businessman who in his own business deals has proven over and over again he will do what's in his best interest and screw over anyone else, or work with anyone no matter how corrupt or shady they are.
$C: Trumps been a piece of shit con man his whole fucking life
$C: This is America
$C: I assume ppl who voted for trump didn’t know about his bad characteristics, or at least they didn’t know the full story 
$C: > he thinks Obama is a secret Kenyan.  

Obviously he doesn't think that. Though making his voters think stuff will win him votes.
$C: And don't forget climate change is a Chinese hoax!
$C: I don't expect them to impeach him either, but I know that people will be REALLY pissed if they don't. And even if they all peacefully take to the streets, I'm still worried Trump will use it as an excuse to start getting violent or something.

As long as Congress does nothing before the midterms, it doesn't seem like this will end peacefully and I'm really worried about that.
$C: If I could bet on the outcome of this situation, I would put my money on this. This is exactly how it will play out.
$C: Sick of my country that allowed it to get this far, and that allows this to continue. So, so sick of it.

I'll throw myself into any protest in my city and find some other way to contribute more, but unless BIG changes come between now and me being able to move... I'm leaving the US and never looking back.
$C: If the “fake news” witch hunt can make his life miserable enough, he’ll just quit, claiming victory but blaming democrats for failing at the same time somehow. 
$C: You want another prediction? Mark my words the House elections will be won by the Trump team. It will be close, so close in some election areas but sadly the Dems will lose...

 This is because the voting machines have been hacked. Just watch...

 Exit polls will be kinda ‘off’ and mark my words again, Trump will be re-elected in 2020 due to the same problem. 

 The whole system has been completely compromised. Right from the grass roots up.
$C: Man this thread is really bumming me out. I'm going to have to stop.
$C: I mentioned this to my dad, too which he responded, "oh, it's the NYT, they've made up sources for this stuff before." Now, I don't really recall any previous times they've claimed to have a source close to Putin, but, honestly, how do you respond? 
$C: If you're right, and we aren't able to radically turn things around with the midterms, then it is our duty to revolt, per the Declaration of Independence.
$C: If the world fucked with the US economy enough to cause the value of the American dollar to plummet, Republicans would rally together to impeach him.  It's all about money.
$C: >And their voters? They mostly think "fuck anyone aside from me", and when they get actually affected, they blame the left.
  
Well, it’s almost as if elections fucking matter. So yeah, you kind of can blame the left in a big way. It was the left who in this case stood the only chance of standing in the gap for democracy, to show up to vote for a not-completely-compromised government—even when it was time to face the hard music and understand that primary season was over, we weren’t getting a real progressive this time because establishment neolibs wanted more of the same, and elect the smaller of two shit sandwiches in the hopes that next time around the party would listen to its base. We could’ve protested like fiends while doing it, even.
  
But of course none of that happened. We bickered over identity politics and waxed poetic about our ideals while tossing them directly out the window because we couldn’t be bothered with the big picture.  Sure there’s midterms coming up. But it’ll be cosmically hysterical if we end up learning our lesson one election too late and it ends up not mattering, because you know what else is coming up? Almost half a century of a backwardly conservative Supreme Court, and a further gerrymandered congressional representation that doesn’t look much better.    
  
Just goes to show when the monkeys on the other side of the court start throwing shit, you don’t try and reason with them or keep trying to play the game. You realize you’ve been playing with simple primates and leave them in their enclosure. We can't expect Trump supporters to do nuanced thinking, especially when stakes are this high and the abject sycophantics have gone on this long. That's a mistake so many Republicans made during primary season. Thinking collectively was supposed to be the left's forte but it misfired even harder for them.
$C: I’m trying to figure out a way to break through to the citizens who are being brainwashed into thinking this is good for them. 
There has to be a way. They are so angry and hateful, but their vitriol is also hurting them ! There HAS to be a way to show them this. 
$C: My prediction: Trump will get re-elected in 2020.
$C: Literally read an article last night interviewing a 37-year-old man working at the nail company that is about to close - he literally said that Trump had been doing ' great' things but now they were affecting him and his 5-year-old with a congenital heart defect.  

I was simultaneously disgusted and full of pity.
$C: What’s fucked up is that this two party system breeds discourse. Both sides are nefarious and greedy. Both sides don’t really care about you, they care about power. They care about staying in power which is why neither side has passed term limits. Trump was right when he said we need to drain the swamp,  the problem is that he filled the swamp back up with sewage. 
$C: Implying most of the left also doesn’t just think “fuck anyone in the right.” It’s like sports teams, and neither party is exactly moral. 
$C: I can't even right now.  btw half of the country is Republican keep living in your juvenile delusional fantasy land of anti-conservatism where liberals are holy saviors and Republicans and mongrels.  Explains why you lost the presidency, the senate, congress, and all of the governorships.  gj bud, keep doing it, stay on that high horse.  (also keep trying to implement bad policy)
$C: tex cuts for the rich, yes, along with tax cuts for everyone else. tax cuts in general.
$C: Literally everything. It's been so goddamn overwhelming. I share stories like this one on my Facebook to try and educate my fairly right-leaning family and neighbours, and I'll never forget one time my sister commented on a story about Trump being a lying hypocrite by saying "Yeah, but what politician doesn't lie? That's what they do."

LIKE, ***NO.*** Trump is a whole new class. A whole different level of liar. A lot of politicians are greasy and sketchy and questionable. It's a trope for a reason. But Trump is like... in his own class. I cannot explain to these people how he is literally the most dishonest politician - nevermind president - in the history of... maybe the goddamn world. He is a fucking compulsive liar.
$C: Yeah, I honestly don't get why everyone is acting like this is something crazy. We all knew about the Russians interfering and that he was lying about it. We still don't have a proven connection between him personally and the Russian government, although I certainly would not be surprised by one eventually being found.
$C: He's corrupted the fabric of reason so severely that I wonder if the coup is already off and away. We have no precursor to this and no laws to help us clean it up.
$C: Or the really fucked up third option - they'll see it, believe it, and not care.
$C: Most that see the title won't even bother reading the article until after they've been given their talking points from their favorite conservative source. 
$C: It's hard for the truth to get through.

Looking back on the post 9/11 world, personally I didn't really have conservative leanings, but it was still hard to swallow the idea that GW Bush lied to or misled the country about the intelligence related to Iraq and weapons of mass destruction.

I just didn't want to believe that I lived in a world where the leader of my country wouldn't be honest about something as important as that. So, in my mind, fought it for a long time.

Eventually I couldn't hold onto that idea any longer. The evidence against it was too much.

But anyway, the point is that I finally let go of what I knew wasn't true, but it was a hard process. Which in turn means it isn't going to happen quickly for most people, and not at all for some. So the point is, it is a process. Expect it to take time to percolate through some people's heads. Anything that's hard to accept is that way, and it's hard to accept that something is really seriously wrong with your own country.
$C: Well, then thare it on Facebook, Twitter, post a pic of 'Trump Impeachment' to Insta. Email your parents about it, your aunts and uncles, ring your grandparents about it. Talk to your friends about it. Simply asking the people you see from day to day 'Hey did you hear about Trump?' is enough to start them off.

Too often do we despair that those who need to know something don't, when it is so easy for us to do our bit and let them know ourselves. Be the difference. 

EDIT: YOU CAN DO THIS! WE CAN DO THIS!
$C: **Everyone should read this. President Trump defends Russia because his campaign worked with Russian intelligence in some capacity as explained in the following comments;**

**The Magnitsky Act & Bill Browder**

Bill Browder is the reason the Magnitsky Act was enacted.^[[1]](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2017/07/14/the-magnitsky-act-explained/?utm_term=.0f0d17c7dfc2) Sanctions against Russian Oligarchs allied with President Vladimir Putin were enacted specifically to put pressure on Putin's authoritative style of governance.^[[2]](https://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2017/07/magnitsky-act-kremlin/535044/) Putin cares about these sanctions because they hurt the relationships he's cultivated with corrupt, powerful officials in the country.^[[3]](https://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2017/07/13/the-putin-obsession-that-led-to-trump-jrs-meeting-215374) The Magnitsky Act was discussed at the now infamous Trump Tower Meeting.^[[4]](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/10/27/us/politics/trump-tower-veselnitskaya-russia.html)

I recommend watching Bill Browder's recent Senate Congressional testimony. He paints an incredible picture of how the Russian government operates and provides a motive for the Russians to work with the Trump campaign.^[[5]](https://www.c-span.org/video/?431852-1/william-browder-overturning-magnitsky-act-putins-top-priority)

If you would like the read the legislation to get a better idea of what the Magnistky Act is here you go;

H.R.6156 - Russia and Moldova Jackson-Vanik Repeal and Sergei Magnitsky Rule of Law Accountability Act of 2012^[[6]](https://www.congress.gov/bill/112th-congress/house-bill/6156)

S.284 - Global Magnitsky Human Rights Accountability Act of 2015/2016^[[7]](https://www.congress.gov/bill/114th-congress/senate-bill/284)


**June 9, 2016 - A month before candidate Trump publicly asked for help from a foreign adversary, his surrogates met with Russian operatives at the now infamous Trump Tower meeting. They discussed the Magnistky Act. One operative has ties to Russian intelligence and has been accused of hacking.**

One of the Russian operatives, Natalia Veselnitskaya, is an outspoken opponent of the Magnitsky Act.^[[8]](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/07/08/us/politics/trump-russia-kushner-manafort.html) Trump Jr. admitted to discussing adoptions, which means they discussed Russian sanctions. Moreover, in 2017 at the G20 summit Putin and Trump discussed adoptions and the Magnitsky Act.^[[9]](https://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-40673583) The other Russian operative present at the infamous Trump Tower meeting, Rinat Akhmetshin, has ties to Russian intelligence and has a history of being embroiled in  court cases related to hacking campaigns.^[[10]](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/08/21/us/rinat-akhmetshin-russia-trump-meeting.html?referer=)

>He has an association with a former deputy head of a Russian spy service, the F.S.B., and a history of working for close allies of President Vladimir V. Putin. Twice, he has worked on legal battles for Russian tycoons whose opponents suffered sophisticated hacking attacks, arousing allegations of computer espionage.

>The Trump Tower meeting in June 2016 took place less than a week before revelations that hackers had penetrated the Democratic National Committee’s computers and obtained a trove of emails. Investigators have traced digital espionage to Russian spy agencies. 

>During the same period that Mr. Akhmetshin was accused of being involved in various hacking schemes, he appears to have been nurturing a relationship with Viktor Ivanov, once the deputy head of Russia’s intelligence service, the F.S.B., and until last year a top aide to Mr. Putin.

**July 27, 2016 Candidate Trump looked directly at the camera and publicly asked Russia for their help to find Hillary Clinton's missing emails, the Russian military intelligence (GRU) hacked Clinton thereafter.**

During a campaign rally in Florida on July 27, 2016, President Trump called on Russia to help him find Hillary Clinton's missing 30,000 emails.^[[11]](https://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/28/us/politics/donald-trump-russia-clinton-emails.html) Special Counsel Mueller's new indictment against 12 Russian Intelligence Officers found that on July 27, 2016 Russian hackers known as Guccifer 2.0 hacked Hillary Clinton's emails.^[[12]](https://www.justice.gov/file/1080281/download)

*DoJ Indictment of 12 Russian Intelligence Officers Pg. 7 - 8*

>The Conspirators spearphished individuals affiliated with the Clinton Campaign throughout the summer of 2016. For example, on or about July 27, 2016, the Conspirators attempted after hours to spearphish for the first time email accounts at a domain hosted by a thirdparty provider and used by Clinton’s personal office. At or around the same time, they also targeted seventy-six email addresses at the domain for the Clinton Campaign. 

**August 22, 2017 Senate Intelligence Committee Testimony that the Trump campaign accepted regular intelligence from the Kremlin during the 2016 campaign**

The Senate Judiciary committee testimony of Fusion GPS CEO Glenn Simpson confirms that the Trump campaign likely received foreign intelligence aid during the 2016 campaign.^[[13]](https://www.feinstein.senate.gov/public/_cache/files/3/9/3974a291-ddbe-4525-9ed1-22bab43c05ae/934A3562824CACA7BB4D915E97709D2F.simpson-transcript-redacted.pdf)

*Pg. 154 - 155 Senate Judiciary Committee Testimony*

>A. I mean, one of the key lines here in the second paragraph says "However, he and his inner circle have accepted a regular flow of intelligence from the Kremlin, including on his democratic and other political rivals." So the issue with the Trump Tower meeting, as 1 I understand it, is that the Trump people were eager to accept intelligence from a foreign government about their political rivals and that is, you know, I would say, a form of interference. If you're getting help from a foreign government and your help is intelligence, then the foreign government's interfering. I mean, you know, I think that also -- of course, in retrospect we now know this was pretty right on target in terms on what it says. So anyway --

>Q. In reference to you think that particular sentence?

>A. I mean, it clearly refers to, you know, them being interested in and willing to -- it depicts them as accepting information. What we have seen to date with the disclosures this year is they were at a minimum super interested in getting information.

>Q. And when you're referencing the "disclosures this year," could you just be specific about that.

>A. The Trump Tower meeting.

>Q. So with reference to the June 9th Trump Tower meeting?

>A. Yes. Yes.

_______________________________

1) [Washington Post - The Magnitsky Act, explained](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2017/07/14/the-magnitsky-act-explained/?utm_term=.0f0d17c7dfc2)

2) [The Atlantic - Why Does the Kremlin Care So Much About the Magnitsky Act?](https://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2017/07/magnitsky-act-kremlin/535044/)

3) [Politico - The Putin Obsession That Led to Trump Jr.’s Meeting](https://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2017/07/13/the-putin-obsession-that-led-to-trump-jrs-meeting-215374)

4) [New York Times - Talking Points Brought to Trump Tower Meeting Were Shared With Kremlin](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/10/27/us/politics/trump-tower-veselnitskaya-russia.html)

5) [CSPAN - Browder Senate Judiciary Testimony](https://www.c-span.org/video/?431852-1/william-browder-overturning-magnitsky-act-putins-top-priority)

6)  [H.R.6156 - Russia and Moldova Jackson-Vanik Repeal and Sergei Magnitsky Rule of Law Accountability Act of 2012](https://www.congress.gov/bill/112th-congress/house-bill/6156)

7) [S.284 - Global Magnitsky Human Rights Accountability Act](https://www.congress.gov/bill/114th-congress/senate-bill/284)

8) [New York Times - Trump Team Met With Lawyer Linked to Kremlin During Campaign](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/07/08/us/politics/trump-russia-kushner-manafort.html)

9) [BBC - Why did Putin talk to Trump about 'adoption'?](https://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-40673583)

10) [New York Times - Lobbyist at Trump Campaign Meeting Has a Web of Russian Connections](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/08/21/us/rinat-akhmetshin-russia-trump-meeting.html?referer=)

11) [New York Times - Donald Trump Calls on Russia to Find Hillary Clinton’s Missing Emails, *July 28, 2016*](https://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/28/us/politics/donald-trump-russia-clinton-emails.html)

12) [Justice Department indictment of 12 Russian Intelligence Officers](https://www.justice.gov/file/1080281/download)

13) [Senate Judiciary Committee - Glenn Simpson Fusion GPS CEO Testimony](https://www.feinstein.senate.gov/public/_cache/files/3/9/3974a291-ddbe-4525-9ed1-22bab43c05ae/934A3562824CACA7BB4D915E97709D2F.simpson-transcript-redacted.pdf)
$C: Lets just get him out before it's too late
$C: That's punishable by death.

Just sayin'
$C: Sorry, you can only lose your job as president if you're caught receiving consensual oral sex. 
$C: > Whoever, owing allegiance to the United States, levies war against them **or adheres to their enemies, giving them aid and comfort within the United States or elsewhere, is guilty of treason** and shall suffer death, or shall be imprisoned not less than five years and fined under this title but not less than $10,000; and shall be incapable of holding any office under the United States.

https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/18/2381
$C: Im genuinely concerned that he will be shot in the street by a russian assassin and then it all gets blamed on democrats.
$C: Turn him into a cheeto
$C: Wouldn't Mike Pence take office then?
$C: Impeached for all of the above. 
$C: How about impeached for obstruction of justice then arrested for high treason?
$C: He can get impeached under both for all I care, I just need to see him leave.
$C: I just don't know, out of everything that happened long before, during and after the election, he still has supporters and isn't fucking impeached already. It baffles me to a degree I can't even mentally comprehend.
$C: And let the history books show the turning point was a call for action by none other than Haa_penis 
$C: Seriously, is there anything we as American citizens can do to push for his impeachment, like a petition or anything? I feel like Reddit is a large enough platform for one to gain traction, it just really feels like bullshit that something as unethical and disgusting as this will inevitably be forgotten about in a week or two and life will go on. 
$C: > ... impeached for high treason ... may today be the turning point.

Oh, you sweet summer child.
$C: No, fuck *that*. I want the entirety of the GOP that's enabling this raging dumpster fire *and* Trump to get outed.
$C: I'm close to setting up a table downtown every day that reads 'Impeach Trump. Ask me why."

I think most people would be disgusted by what's going on, they just don't realize what's happening because of the way our Media always tip toes around the subject and gives him the benefit of the doubt. 
$C: Is the death penalty still available for that?
$C: This is prolly why it hasn't happened yet, so Mueller can be 100 percent on his case for high treason 
$C: I want him impeached, humiliated then dead somehow.

Man went after children, fuck decency. Follow the rules, uphold the law then kill him anyways.
$C: [removed]
$C: With a capital T
$C: He had to have been "levying war" against the United States, which is potentially harder to prove. I'd be happy with obstruction of justice myself.
$C: I don't feel like it's hyperbole to say he should be hanged. He has committed treason against the people of the United States. The President, our Commander in Chief, is a traitor.
$C: I mean either way it’s gonna suck until his whole administration is ousted in midterms
$C: Not just him. Its the whole god damn Republican party and their network of money donors. They were all in on it. They knew! They fucking knew! All of them they were all compromised and so many of them took it, they went with it, they found kindred souls in them. They are the cancer that has tired to oppress our working class people for too long.
$C: Yeah... At this point I don't think anything he does will matter. It's sad but it's the new reality we live in 
$C: Will the punishment fit the crime?  
$C: [removed]
$C: Meanwhile t_d posts cartoons.
$C: See him impeached? Or read about his assasination in some foreign harboring country. Shot in the head in a cheap hacienda in Guyana?Okay, sure, maybe Pyongyang? Or maybe go out sewer pipe style... 

Shit man, at this point, I don't know. I fear we are all about to witness some seriously fucked up shit, that we are no where near prepared for. Ladies and gentlemen, as we start our descent, please make sure your seat backs and tray tables are in their full upright position. 
$C: Has the nickname Treasonus Trump been coined yet?
$C: Fuck that. I want him impaled and I’m not even american. I’m from Transylvania 
$C: I said "holy shit baby our president is going to be impeached" 
$C: People need to calm down with the treason talks.  He will be removed from office LONG before they would be able to charge him with treason.  Also, treason takes a lot of doing to convict, because you have to prove that a person acted against the USA for the sake of hurting the USA.  You are "allowed" to act against the USA and it not be considered treason if your intentions are for personal gain and you don't help an enemy in wartime. 

What trump has done is much closer to sedition.  It is not treason. 
$C: Donald J. Trump. Some here in America call you a hero, but a hero doesn’t use a power like the voice to sway the elections and usurp the presidency. 

You started this war, plunged America into chaos. Now the Libertarians are going to put you down, and restore the peace.
$C: You’ll need to get out on the streets and risk losing jobs before that happens.  
$C: Can I get a side of execution?
$C: Putin would love that. Anything to see America burn. His biggest, wettest dream would be another American Civil War. His trolls are working on both sides, trying to get a fire going. So they are actively fomenting rage both in The_Donald and in the 'impeach him for treason' camp. 
$C: > “Could be other people also. A lot of people out there.” 
$C: Narrator: It wasn't.
$C: I think the penalty for high treason used to be death which I think is fitting here. Fuck drumpf, his entire blood line, and the GOP. Rot in hell mother fuckers
$C: Except for the fact nothing done so far falls under the [definition of Treason](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Treason#United_States) as contained in the Constitution.

>The Constitution defines treason as specific acts, namely "levying War against [the United States], or in adhering to their Enemies, giving them Aid and Comfort." A contrast is therefore maintained with the English law, whereby crimes including conspiring to kill the King or "violating" the Queen, were punishable as treason. In Ex Parte Bollman, 8 U.S. 75 (1807), the Supreme Court ruled that "there must be an actual assembling of men, for the treasonable purpose, to constitute a levying of war."

Have faith however as there are a few other crimes with penalties almost as bad.

[Seditious conspiracy](https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/18/part-I/chapter-115)

[Advocating overthrow of Government](https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/18/2385)

[Misprision of treason](https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/18/2382)
$C: Ever notice how he hasn't given one decent fun interview as well.
$C: This shit will take years - you don’t take down a sitting president for treason until you have evidence that is bulletproof and undeniable, and even then it wouldn’t hurt to wait a little until they are an ex-president either.

There’s a reason why all these ongoing investigations are avoiding Trump and his inner circle - they are starting from the bottom and working up.
$C: I think you've misspelled the word "hanged".
$C: It's treason, then.
$C: Probably not, unfortunately
$C: He's not toast yet.  We all have to go and vote.

I'm taking the day off, and I live in a district/state that is deeply blue.  It means nothing other than a symbolic gesture that we can't take it anymore.

I hope everyone does the same.  Outside of taking the day off, as not everyone has the same circumstances.
$C: If only they would actually get prison. No solitary confinement, no special “penthouse” cell, no “small” fine I want to see them in straight up general population prison. 

$C: You do realize that him lying doesn't mean that everyone in the government is lying lol
$C: Even so, people being aware about something this obviously terrible and not giving a damn still makes other people who are aware and do give a damn a lot more angry and motivated.
$C: My Republican congresswoman hasn't talked with her in constituents in over 2 years now. [People here even held a town hall without her.](http://www.latimes.com/local/california/la-me-lopez-blek-republicans-05172017-htmlstory.html)

I really hope she gets voted out in November.
$C: If there's one good thing Trump has achieved, it is bringing people together from different countries in opposition to him. His visit to the UK made me love you guys so much more, thank you for looking out for us! <3
$C: It’s all ego. 

Basically all of Trumps decisions and lies can be traced back to him protecting his ego. 
$C: Trump is currently the president and currently taking Russia's side against America's in an ongoing cyber war. What is complicated about that?
$C: Why did Donald Trump lie to the American people for 2 years about Russian election interference, despite being presented with evidence contrary to the fact by the director of the CIA? Mentioning Hillary Clinton isn't going to just sweep that away.
$C: Im not sure you understand what impeached means..
$C: Was he going to block the hacking with his cyber kung fu or some shit? He informed the public and sanctioned Russia. He did his job. Trump is refusing to do his. 
$C: Back to your echochamber please. Adults are speaking
$C: You don't think it's a problem that Trump often says he doesn't think Russia did it?
$C: Obama did come out and say it before the inauguration. Weather it's trumps fault in the way he had anything to do with the actual medaling or knew about it durring the election is still being investigated. 
The big deal here is we now know that Trump knew about it and saw real proof of it before being sworn in but has been telling the american people it absolutely didn't happen for nearly 2 years now. The man has been straight up lying about it this whole time.
$C: >It was Obama’s decision to hide it and only show Trump in private. He had the full authority to come out and say what happened before or after the election.

He literally did. The DHS and DNI announced Russia's crimes in October. Then Obama placed new sanctions on Russia as a punishment.

> How is it Trumps fault exactly? 

Trump's job is to inform the American public and defend us from attack. Instead he's lying about our attackers, defending them, and attacking American law enforcement. He is doing literally the opposite of his job and betraying our country.
$C: Nixon was almost impeached (he resigned before it could happen) over the same thing Trump has done. 
$C: Oh sweetie, the adults are speaking. Run along and play fortnight, mmmkay?
$C: it's so fucked that some 51 men in the Senate can keep the entire country hostage and choose not to impeach an illegitamte, treasonous, lying president. 
$C: Ultimately we'll have to hit the streets. The reason why nothing has been the tipping point is we haven't had continuous sustained protests. Without the protests each norm just gets obliterated without consequence. Easier said than done, but the only way low information voters are going to realize what is happening is if tens of thousands march for months.

We've got ample reason to march on Washington. It's clear congress has abdicated its oversight role and those currently in power in the administration are liars, traitors and oath breakers.
$C: Sorry for being a massive fucking ignoramus. I’ve been ignoring politics in US after the election results almost 2 years ago because I didn’t care enough being a foreigner, but now seems like a good time to get my feet wet. I want to be informed. 

Why are you guys voting in november? Don’t you guys vote for president every 4 years? What does the vote in november do, and what’s the general plan of action for those in favour of impeachment are taking? 


$C: > So, this is actually a very big deal.

So were all the front page articles for the last ... months? 
$C: No, get your ass out now, stop working, block traffic, disrupt businesses, why are you going to keep working for a society who's leader is fucking you over whilst he makes millions. Stop what you're doing, go out onto the streets and practice that 1st fucking amendment, have your voice heard, it's just as important as that walking cheetos voice if not more so.
$C: > Unfortunately our government is compromised currently.

Fuck that's weird to read. Sounds like something Alex Jones would say. Only he and Trump are buddies.
$C: I will be voting Trump again.
$C: Don’t just be ready to hit the streets, google local protests and join them. 
$C: You know, I've always thought that it was a bit absurd for gun rights activists to say we need guns to overthrow the government. You know because of voter outrage, public shame leading to a resignation, and Congress; we would be able to buracraticly get someone out of office. Now I don't know. Congress won't act, this man has no shame, and voters still support him. I'm also scared. This isn't how any of this works. I mean we don't know if a sitting president can be indicted, but it's really the only option left. 
$C: Putin wants you to protest, just VOTE. Tell all your friends, your family. drag them out of the house and MAKE them. 
$C: > This article just proves that he knew about the Russians interfering in the 2016 elections and has been lying about it, for a long time. 

Trump said in 2014 that [Russian hacking was a 'big problem'](https://edition.cnn.com/2016/12/19/politics/kfile-trump-russia-hacking/)
$C: I'm really into it, and even I can barely keep up. Shit's about to hit the fan, it would seem.
$C: I love that quote "history happens slowly, then all at once". 
$C: God I hope you’re right. 
$C: Isn't there another part of government that would arrest him? Surely a president is given the responsibility of arresting himself should he screw up badly enough? I honestly don't know what happens in that situation
$C: I mean, the backlash was so bad that he backtracked. Haven't seen that since Charlottesville and the death of Heather Heyer.
$C: Two wrongs don't make a right.
$C: Becuase this isn't a thread about that? Did you miss the article?

Not saying your point/not point on hypocrisy isn't valid, it's a different conversation.
$C: It's **confirmation** that he's been lying for years. That's big.
$C: as bad as Nixon was, at least he was a *statesman*.

Trump is just a senile idiot fucking shit up for the sake of it
$C: Not just China, ending Nam and Title 9 and the EPA also.

Nixon was a pc of shit but he was a pc of shit as a person and politically, Nixon didnt sell out America to line his pockets and betray us to a hostile power.

Trump will go down as the worst American President in history, by a wide margin by the end of our lives. 15y from now people wont even argue about it, it will just be accepted fact
$C: > Nixon had China to give him a lot of brownie points.

Nixon also created the EPA which has done a whole lot of good.
$C: Nixon created the EPA..
$C: He killed TPP.  That's about all I can think of that reddit would agree with.
$C: Nixon at least created the EPA and OSHA.  
$C: Wait, hold my beer

**Donald Trump capitulates US to Mexico**

That better?
$C: Trump treats America like his personal property with which he can do whatever the fuck he wants, not giving a flying rat's ass about what state it leaves the country in once he's done exploiting it. As long as he profits in some way, everything and everyone is fair game.

The damage he's already done and is still continuing to do will be hard to repair. "Make America Great Again"; he's achieving the complete opposite.
$C: > shit stain.

I think we should forever change the phrase "shit stain" to "Trump Stain" 
$C: For the majority of us inside of America it was as well
$C: Honestly, I'm inside America and I can tell you this shit is going to get way rockier before it's all done.  Trump won't go quietly, it's going to be fireworks all the way.  I just hope I'm not also underestimating it.
$C: I absolutely expected it from the beginning of his candidacy and hearing him speak about anything. Just pure idiocy. 
$C: He’s at least the dumbest. Can we agree on that?
$C: >Nixon would also give him a run for his money.

Not even close. For as terrible a person as he was, the list of positive accomplishments that happened on his watch dwarfs anything that the current POTUS could hope for.
$C: Nixon was a crook, but he wasn't a terrible leader. He was pretty competent aside from the Watergate fuckup and he came very close to getting away with that. He also wasn't interested in betraying his country.  

I'd take 8 more years of Crooked Nixon if it meant we could get rid of Donny right now.
$C: Absolutely not the worst. Choose from any of the previous presidents that went to war and killed millions of people.

But yes, the dumbest sounds right.
$C: Andrew Jackson was pretty fucked. 
$C: He hasn’t committed a genocide yet or led a terrorist movement, or an oppressive regime, so I’d say many people are definitely worse than him, that said he is a pretty corrupt and a bad president.
$C: Specially when grabbing things. 
$C: It's disparity, but somewhere I still have hope. Even if it looks bleak. I have faith in the people.
$C: "It's the media's fault that bad things happen, not the person who committed them."
$C: I believe he’s referring to the slew of red voters that Russia easily manipulated cancels out his vote. Plus wait until the story breaks that Russia actually hacked the voting booths and the entire things was rigged. Over the past year my confidence and pride has really diminished. I used to believe we were united. We had our differences, but if a foreign power came pushing us around, we put all that aside and united as one. Im in shock as to how many people want Russian style government in our country. They’re freakin communist! 
$C: You’re taking his — quite earnest — reflection the wrong way. I don’t think he’s saying that Russia spoke for him by brainwashing him personally, rather that his vote (and, really, all our votes - the purest voice we’re supposed to have in a democracy) has been tarnished/rendered void by a comprehensive, malicious, and ongoing Russian attack that seeks especially to sway “key demographics” such as OP’s. 

Moreover, the point isn’t that people can’t vote the way they want, it’s that fake accounts/news outlets the world(wide web) over have been subtly influencing people’s’  biases and desires *over the course of several years* — not just via some solitary article or meme, but in a full-fledged information war —  in order to make folks believe they’re voting purposefully, with a clear head, and, perhaps most importantly, *not alone*; I remember during Christmas break after the election I had a handful of old high-school friends, all college-educated Republicans, rub it in my face that Trump had illuminated the “silent majority.” These were the same guys that only four years prior would begrudgingly tell me that Barack was “a really cool guy,” “charismatic” and “genuine” (one even went so far as to call him an oratorical genius). This in spite of the Obamacare fallout and the rise of the Tea Party. Boy is that a far cry from the absolutes we deal in today. 

Remember, Cambridge Analytica helped pioneer and later perfect social-media influence campaigns [starting in 2014](https://www.nytimes.com/2018/03/17/us/politics/cambridge-analytica-trump-campaign.html), during the midterms. Somewhere between then and Trump’s election, people who were vaguely in the middle or on the right (think folks who used to say they’re “socially liberal but fiscally conservative” - what a dreamy time!) grew incredibly focused in their talking points and political motivations. Now you could definitely chalk a lot of that up to just how inflammatory and simplistic Trump’s rhetoric was (China China China, Mexicans, Law and Order, Lock Her Up, Build That Wall, America First...), and also, more broadly, to the mounting hostility toward Black Lives Matter that has in so many ways defined the “culture wars,” but, if you’ll also recall, the GOP was in a death-spiral following Obama’s reelection, and the growing clout of the Tea Party was threatening to split it in two (the Freedom Caucus has since taken up that mantle). They utterly lacked narrative; the party line, thanks to hotshots Mitch McConnell, Eric Cantor, and John Boehner, was simply “no.” Many even speculated that Republicans would never win a presidential election again, pointing to the increasingly strong Hispanic vote which was huge in securing Obama’s second term.

However, Republicans weren’t the only ones with an identity crisis on their hands, as the DNC-rigging controversy has made all too clear. In fact, you could argue that the left has constituted just as big of a target in Russia’s meddling efforts as the right, particularly Bernie democrats, who were being steered in the wake of his primary defeat toward not voting at all in the general. We’re seeing this exact same style attack [happening right now](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-intersect/wp/2018/07/02/the-walkaway-meme-is-what-happens-when-everything-is-viral-and-nothing-matters/?utm_term=.eb9b47ffb4b3) in the form of the co-opted and largely fake #walkaway movement, albeit a much more obvious version.

Anyway, all that just to say that [Putin’s psy-ops](https://www.politico.eu/article/new-battles-cyberwarfare-russia/) are successfully sowing this exact sort of brusque, classist, and downright divisive language you and so many others are engaging in. Maybe you were just throwing out a general opinion and not attacking OP directly, but I’ve been seeing so much unprovoked hostility lately that I can’t help but think we’re playing right into our enemies’ hands when we immediately reach for the pitchforks. Because those pitchforks, in the hands of some, eventually turn into guns.
$C: Quite literally, so has the rest of the world.
$C: It's interesting you had faith to begin with.
$C: You know in Australia you get fined if you dont vote - even in the local elections.
$C: We also need to make sure people are even aware that there are elections being held, where, and when. I haven't seen it on the news or advertised anywhere. I bet a lot of people only know about the presidential elections simply because information about the other ones is not readily available without digging.
$C: Don't catch you slippin up
$C: If it were up to the Americans this would’ve been resolved the way it should’ve been long ago.
$C: That is a "Burn Heal" from Pokemon.
$C: It's a Burn Heal from Pokemon.
$C: Which four pixels?
$C: Thanks for the breakdown, that makes sense. For those people who had to keep these secrets for years, and then turn that decision around in their heads, I can't imagine what they must be dealing with mentally. Literally, directly infuencing the direction of a country.
$C: There is literally nothing out that we didn’t already know from 2 years ago tho lmfao. So I’m very puzzled on this hype train that was literally stunted when we knew for a full month he would be meeting Putin this week. Lol damn 
$C: Getting your life long service shit on in favor of appeasing the person who the POTUS knows called the shots.

If we were a weaker country that probably could start a military coup on it's own.
$C: Sorry man, you're going to have to explain it to me like I'm retarded. Maybe I am. This whole article reads like it's bullet proof, so I don't get why it's taken 2 years to come out. 
$C: It seems like decades ago that Rice Penis was part of the administration 
$C: He readn't it
$C: There was no colusion and the special council is on an unpresidented witch hunt.  I'm telling you Russians played no roll in my campaign.  I always knew Hillary would loose the election, and I would be honered instead.  Don't forget Obama had a tapp on my phones.  We need to build the boarder wall, and then the nation will finally heel.

[source](https://people.com/politics/president-trump-spelling-mistakes-typos-words/)
$C: Ya know, ‘witch hunts’ refer to baseless claims or unfair trials for no real reason. For a ‘witch hunt’ they sure are finding a lot of witches. 
$C: It's legal in 31 states. Let's just say Trump broke the law in every single state by committing high treason, and dole out an appropriate punishment.

I hear Utah still does firing squads.

$C: Please don't make him a martyr. That's the last thing we need.
$C: The orange idgit might try to publicly pardon himself lmao.
$C: rag·a·muf·fin
/ˈraɡəˌməfən/

noun

1.a person, typically a child, in ragged, dirty clothes.

Trump is an infantile baboon who, despite being rich (to whatever extent), still doesn't wear fitting clothes.
$C: The world isn’t flat, 9/11 wasn’t an inside job, and Bigfoot isn’t real. US agents being killed by Russia isn’t nonsense. It happened. 
$C: I’m all for peacefully educating the conservative base. But the GOP as a party? They have not once stood up to the appalling stream of insanity this administration has brought in. Not once. 

Comey, a life long Republican, has urged the people to vote Democrat. The case of Maria Butina firmly convinces me that Mueller will continue to explore beyond just Trump and show that this is an _intentional_ systemic rot.
$C: I don't actually know if this is mocking sarcasm or just an appalingly stupid comment. 

The GOP are far more educated on the matters pertaining than any of us, and not only have they refused to act, but they have AIDED in the operations to hide this.

Their intent isn't to understand. They already know everything. The real intent is to keep us from doing anything about it so they can line their pockets, push their agenda and fuck our asses.
$C: No. Enough is enough. The GoP has been a festering cancer on America for over 20 years now and they're complicit in this. They *will not* be swayed by education. So instead we must destroy the party. 
$C: That's got to be the best reason for seeing a breaking story I've ever seen
$C: You seriously underestimate the amount of us who look at reddit late at night before sleep. It was posted at like 9pm in my time zone, not late really. Right during the time frame a lot of Americans are online.
$C: Well that's absolutely irrelevant and asinine.
$C: I’ll buy a plane ticket to Washington D.C. if I have to. I expect my American brothers and sisters to be not-so-happy with this, give it time for us to hear about it; we’re gonna make a storm.
$C: “Adults” 

Bet you’re barely in your twenties, if that. Sit down 
$C: #TRE45ON
$C: Not an American. What does the 45 mean? 
$C: I got bumper stickers made 
$C: I think we all know how that’s gonna play out 
$C: Its actually quite impressive that the incredibly low intellect/useless gene pool you were produced from managed to survive this long.
$C: One America News and FOX News have been working hard at ensuring our Republican friends stay in the dark.
$C: I like to hear it as Ron Howard. 


On the next Arrested Development...
$C: I don’t know whether to laugh or cry.


Fuck.
$C: [deleted]
$C: >Strong words, no f****** action.

Sounds to me like both sides. Neither side likes to actually do anything, all anyone does is complain. 
$C: A lot of Dems, especially in the House, are secretly complicit too.

They like Trump's white supremacist agenda, even if they despise his abysmal foreign policy.
$C: I hear ya
$C: You may be right, but this is the job they wanted. And this is deal with the devil they made.    I'm  not sympathetic that,they did this to themselves 
$C: You cannot be serious
$C: Article 25
$C: Certainly with that attitude 
$C: Can anyone get in on that?
$C: Only way they'll learn is if they lose big in November.
$C: It's like the opposite of the ending to the Manchurian Candidate
$C: So as few people know about it as possible to protect the source. No matter how trustworthy a group of people is, the Classification system operates under "need-to-know", which as the name implies means you don't give the information to someone unless they have a clear need for it. 

When Pompeo took over, he likely would have seen the evidence as director (and CIA deals in Human Intelligence or HUMINT), so it would have been up to him to disseminate it based on how he saw appropriate. It could have made it into the PDB, but there's been reporting over this term that Trump doesn't actually read the PDB. There's also been more concerning reporting that more individuals than typical had access to the PDB which is concerning when you consider someone like Jared Kushner was one of them. 
$C: > Why'd they withhold this super secret putin source from the PDB ?

Trump was not yet president.  Sources and Methods are not included in the brief unless absolutely necessary or specifically requested.  


> 
> 
> Did Trump start getting the PDB too once he was president elect?

Yes he did.

$C: The PDB gets passed around to a number of people at high security clearance. While Obama was personally told the source, it was kept out of the PDB paper trail because of its sensitivity.
$C: Because they're fabricating alibis for all their missteps and the shit isn't true, or at least not as true as they are claiming.

A week before the election Obama was out convincing the country that the election couldn't be tampered with.

Now to save face they are gonna act like the CIA (who gave us Iraqi WMDs, btw) knew, but they couldn't tell Obama because they needed to "protect their source."  But they didn't mind telling Trump before he was even president?  Suuuure.
$C: I know it's a dumb thought but I thought they'd at least shut up when people "from their own team" talked about it but nope
$C: The problem with revolutions is that the people who are good at revolting tend to be very bad at actually setting up sane political and economic systems afterwards. I see no reason why it would be different this time.
$C: Sadly it seems there is a chance it will come to this. Story repeat itself.
$C: Which, in hindsight, is a fairly obvious problem for no one to have come up with a solution to it when they drafted the damn constitution to begin with.

...I think the overall intelligence of the founding fathers may have been a *tiny bit* up played.
$C: Trump MUST try to remain in power or literally anybody else will hold him accountable.
$C: Not justifying it, but it’s relatively common especially about 15 years ago. Also I wasn’t concerned about his character as much as his actions, political actions that is
$C: I’d rather have a conservative. But I agree the GOP probably won’t do anything 
$C: The people with guns are standing strong behind Trump, and us sane people are afraid to get shot. Not afraid of the government, afraid of those who are still backing this insanity. 
$C: That goes double if you're in a purple state or have just moved somewhere rural.
$C: .......... God I love reddit. It truly is a mirror to all of humanity. 
$C: Hell a complete system reform would be necessary. It's broken and corrupt as shit.
$C: In any other case like this, it would be a piece of cake. If this were Obama, the senate would literally be voting on impeachment right this minute. This *should* be easy by all accounts.
$C: Where the fuck is the judicial branch? 
$C: The problem is it's the ones steering the ship.
$C: Well the "minority" did put this joke in power while the majority did nothing
$C: Apparently it *is* a pretty substantial group, though. A lot of people voted for Trump, and a lot of people still support him.
$C: 60 million Americans voted for him when he was spewing lies, racist and sexist shit before the election. It may not be a majority but it was damn close. He still has an ~45% approval rating as well, a lot of Americans still support him. 
$C: You should be rioting on the streets, your country is going to shit
$C: The US isn't any country. Wether we like it or not it is the only country capable of keeping China and Russia from taking over. Without you we're fucked.
$C: It doesn't but the US is supposed to be more competent than this, your country loves the whole "leader of the free world" and then we get this shit
$C: Thankfully not, but too many supported him. Even though the elections were rigged to an extent, millions still voted for him

$C: Yes, because news and making sure people are aware of something is one big circlejerk. /s
$C: One of my biggest regrets was waiting until now to vote in the midterms. They matter a lot. If young people start shaking off voter apathy, the political landscape would be quite different
$C: No problem! I'm glad to help :)
$C: Thanks - just read it. Can you tell me, is the only way to remove a president via impeachment? 
$C: There's a new anti-Trump post every single day on Reddit. If anything, that's the real indicator of foul play, not the difference in votes between this story and a frog.
$C: I think for people who have a decent reach on social media, that would be useful. I believe that we'd need to riot for months to have an effect on Congress and most people can't afford to (financially speaking) take immediate, unapproved time off from work to protest. Too many working class people would become homeless, possibly for nothing to happen (congress sucks, visibly compromised).  
  
That being said, I would gladly protest in my town with a small group of people and see if it can gain traction and/or more people. I don't have the time or money personally to start it myself though. We be broke out here.
$C: If there is any one thing we can do, it's vote. We can't protest and preach on social media and then choose to lie on the ground when it's time to participate in our government. I urge everyone to vote.
$C: Plan B, I suppose, is to vote 3rd party. Voting is a right and we all have that right to vote for whoever we want to vote for, not just the two top candidates.
$C: En masse cognitive dissonance through the lack of trustworthy sources of information. 
$C: As the rapidity & variety of interesting answers shows, it is as thing yet undefined.



$C: >Mindlessly defending everything the Alpha Chimp says, or does without analyzing consequences. Thinking your guy is incapable of wrong-doing. 
$C: It really is. Asked a coworker if the only pro gun candidate was a resurrected Adolf Hitler who he’d vote for. His answer was “no comment.”

My aunt same question but swap pro gun with pro life. Answer “Hitler.”
$C: Shall we begin arranging? Somebody has to do it.
$C: #TRE45ON

C’mon, Trump supporters aren’t keeping count of the presidents. 45 could be John Adams for all they know.
$C: Exactly, I don't think anything is changing until the people stand up for themselves
$C: Reminds me of that Italian politician who tried to get out of the accusation of having been bribed with the gift of a luxury house by saying someone bought him that house "without his knowledge".
$C: You know what that means...

*cue John Oliver button*

WE GOT HIM!
$C: [deleted]
$C: There probably isn't, because the type of people against this sort of thing generally aren't the type of people to manipulate the system.
$C: Ehhh it still fits.
$C: Nobody thought he'd win the Republican nomination...

except those of us watching his polling throughout.  It was almost never in doubt.  Almost all of experts and pundits who were declaring this were basing this on assumptions which proved to be false:

* Trump was going to drop out on his own (really?!?).
* The others would drop out early and *all* their votes would go to non-Trump candidates.

Nobody thought Trump would win the election because of the polls...  except for folk like Nate Silver who warned a couple days before the election that people were again folding in false assumptions.  The main one here was that the midwest states woud vote independently of each other.

It does seem rather clear that a lot of people didn't expect Trump's win... including Trump himself.

But the lesson you should learn isn't that "anything can happen".  It's that you should carefully analyze your own reasoning and that of the "experts".
$C: He could very well be both. He proves the moron bit daily, sometimes multiple times a day. 
$C: Bots don't use proper grammar or idioms and have short lived accounts.
$C: Because they disagree with him, duh
$C: There's no way those are real people. 
$C: No I didn't. Now I'm commenting from the afterlife.
$C: One of the reasons Nixon was impeached was lying to the American public. This article proves that Trump knew that Russia was meddling. Which Trump lied about, saying there was no meddling. 
$C: That was a terribly uninformed comment
$C: Ny times is low tier tabloid?
$C: Give me the tiers, ranked and in order, of media sources you are aware of.
$C: God that's depressing 
$C: Maybe just strapped to the rocket and a few general questions, then. 
$C: Does mobile have a gold giving button because... this Above!
$C: Dude.... I'm speechless. This is nothing.
$C: Really?! Do you have a link? 

We have way too much shit on everybody... with that... how the fuck is he President? I've talked to so many and I rarely hear someone saying he's good.
$C: Hence, 'local' media. I reckon you're right and the national media (in most countries, not just US) is probably heavily biased but there's a small chance local media might be more in need of interesting stories like demonstrations outside government buildings.
$C: I was number [50!](https://i.imgur.com/PX7CcNR.jpg)
$C: pride and accomplishment... or something
$C: It just seems to be that anything this guy does wrong or any evidence showing that trump and Putin are in bed together is just disregarded and ignored. What do you feel will happen now? 
$C: Obama crossing the Potomac.  

I'm actually really worried about the state of the United States.
$C: I may be mistaken but social media pretty much caters to whatever political stance you take. Misinformation is running rampant through the internet! There are subreddits devoted to downplaying Trumps actions, maybe even idolizing him and numerous  websites that support either side of any argument. Everyone on his facebook feed probably has the same political world view and stance. Its like that idiotic simpsons quote, "Facts are meaningless: they can be used to prove anything"

$C: No half of us elected him. I surely didn't.

Edit: I see the brigade is out in full force.
$C: Scary as it is, this truly is a near final phase. How it plays out is the only question left.
$C: Iraq is old, now they just claim hillary and obama used the CIA to overthrow Gaddafi because he did too much good for africa.
$C: ^(He was being sarcastic though)
$C: whooooos
$C: I hope this is the tipping point. I don't know how much more Democracy and its institutions can take, feels like they're bursting at the seams. Something needs to happen and it needs to happen now.
$C: Let's hope so, would be ridiculous if nothing happens after this but then again that this is happened in the first place is silly
$C: Yeah I think you’re right. The last week has been crazy, but this...this is big. 
$C: He's a fucking slippery fuck. 
$C: Sarcasm is dead.  Insanity rules.
$C: Cold war 2 is more appropriate 
$C: I'll believe it when I see it. I sure hope something happens. In order for that to occur, other Republicans will need to step up.
$C: I agree with you. The “accessory” charge has nothing to do with the political debate of election outcome, but is simply focused on the crime of attempting to subvert the electoral process. That is the crime to which Trump is the “accessory after the fact “. 
$C: There's something odd happening with this post altogether I don't think it ever made the FP and in r/politics it barely made a dent. Dunno what's going on....
$C: This is a story that simply refers to the NYT article.


$C: Says the Troll.
$C: [deleted]
$C: She lost.  Get over it.  She will get another chance in 2020.  Relax
$C: Usually not good idea to insult someone personally for something like this. 
$C: > Trump was the beneficiary of that.

America was another beneficiary.  Clinton was one of the worst candidates ever
$C: [removed]
$C: Why did you repeat u/IEatBabies comment?
$C: There were very clear favorites based on the amount of money each campaign received from Russian sources. Yea sure they did it to multiple candidates, their entire goal is division among the people and politicians, but that doesn't mean such efforts were distributed evenly or that they resulted in a net-zero benefit among each candidate. The only thing we should be questioning though is was Trump complicit and knowledgeable about the election rigger and did he willingly participate and utilize those resources. Either he A. Didn't know about it until that point and wasn't complicit with Russia actions B. Knew about the Russian manipulations longer but took no part in utilizing or facilitating the Russian efforts C. He knew about the manipulations and purposefully facilitated or used that Russian influence to his advantage. In A, he is clear no matter what the Russians did, in B he is 99% clear of any substantial charges, but in C he is guilt of treason, facilitating foreign adversaries in aggressive actions against the US in order to subvert our government and our political processes, especially violating the rights of all US citizens.

Nobody cares about A, B is of a small interest to some people but ultimately a pointless gesture, but whether C is true or not is what we want and need to know in order to protect our own sovereignty and basic right, which Trumps changing denials and lack of cooperation are suggesting. He could make this whole situation go away tomarrow if he cooperated. And if he wasn't guilty of something as serious as treason he would be free to go.
$C: Omg this needs to be talked about more because that is exactly how it will be spun. Why hasn’t this already popped up on Fox?! I’ve been watching Fox News (sadistically) to try and hear what they’re saying. 
$C: Makes sense, I'm questioning why we can't just arrest the guy on the spot until we clear everything up
$C: Shit.
$C: Makes sense to rise up against universal healthcare.
$C: Well, so long, everybody, and thanks for all the memes.
$C: Maybe. I find the 'evidence' to be quite ambiguous. I wonder, when and how this evidence was found since it's ages ago now that the elections took place. If Trump really is protecting Putin by keeping this information from the people, then I think the goverment around him has an obligation to some extent to inform people that Trump may have  been elected based on Russian meddling (whether he knew about it / was involved). 
$C: *'Everything I don't like is russian trolls'*

Yes, keep screeching it, but it won't make it any less bullshit.
$C: Probably, but being that the debates are so highly scrutinized, I don't think he could even get away with that.
$C: Great point! I’ll check out Lamb 
$C: I'm not, just stating that i will lose respect for Americans if there won't be massive protests over this. I don't get it.. I have a few American friends, all liberals who hate trump but none seem to even consider the option of protesting. I don't know... it's frustrating and scary to see Trump's base is still this strong. 
$C: Damn never seen that ahaha. Of course Reddit would give that much gold to a comment [repeating a meme.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PJBl2tgdmZU&feature=youtu.be&t=306)
$C: There are direct quotes from named intelligence officials. You can't really get more legit. 
$C: There's literally a shit ton of evidence. Fuck even Trump said that Russia meddled with the election and that he believes it happened.   
  
Hell Trump even asked Russia to interfere with the election...ON CAMERA...in front of millions of people. 
  
You are delusional. 
$C: Let’s do it! Who’s with me?!
$C: The President of the US has been "the leader of the free world" since 1945. 
$C: Yeah now she is thanks to the Cheetoh in the President's chair. 
$C: What's wrong with being left handed? :(
$C: Really? What comment is that?
$C: Do you think the info gathered will eventually lead to Trump getting removed from office? Or how much more info do you think will be needed for that to happen? I'm a little fuzzy with all of the Russian interference news, it's just not easy for me to keep up with.
$C: https://youtu.be/UXpRswM-tzc
$C: That quote has been paraded around as proof of something.  Obama wasn't even talking about russia.  That quote was about illegals voting.  Look into it
$C: Leaked emails that were real and exposed real corruption?  
$C: > Because journalists depend on maintaining the integrity of their sources.

So do people making shit up in order to sway opinions
$C: Not all of Reddit shares that opinion. Just anyone that doesn't support the Liberal agenda gets silenced or blasted with name calling. Funny that isn't it.
$C: No, the same could be said of Fox or CNN. Anyone can be partisan, especially when it comes to a story like this.
$C: Because they know that they need all hands on deck for this bombshell. They know they've lost this.
$C: Honestly, good trade. I'll take it. And hey, it might prevent a national riot.
$C: I meant to type out that there’s no comments about the vote ratio. My bad. 

Good point though. 
$C: And what the fuck would you do about it? This is organic. This is the blue tsunami come to drown you redcaps.
$C: I've given gold to shit like this over 60 times WHADDUP
$C: Up to 34
$C: Yeah, and I'm sure everyone is not only tech savvy enough to realize that, but they're also the type of people to read articles thoroughly, and there were 24 thousand of them who read the article within an hour of it being posted, completely organically. 
$C: On mobile at the moment. 

Point still stands about the vote ratio. Why the hell is a post that is WAY off peak time on world news gaining so much credit?
$C: If Trump has done nothing wrong you agree with him that Germany is totally controlled by Russia?
$C: Let me guess, you are an AfD supporter?

Only your type somehow likes Trump
$C: I dont think you understand the definition of proof
$C: Why do you care about it that much, if you're german? Schaudenfreud, hmmmmm?

When it's an European that is pro-trump, it's always a WW-2 fantasizing, fat single dude. Why is that? 
$C: I'll do it, I understand that this is taking a toll on everyone else around the world. Thank you for your support, specially when our own president won't do that. 
$C: You're absolutely right, I was thinking about legal processes against a sitting president. 
$C: So what? He has an opposing view so everyone should automatically dismiss him? You're the issue with America right now. 
$C: His post sounds perfectly reasonable. 
$C: The only thing worth panicking over is the lack of critical, respectful discussion on Reddit or in the US right now. 
$C: >If a more Russia friendly Democrat runs against Trump in 2020 maybe Russia will support him/her.

That should really be the main criteria for future candidates.  They should make sure to be far more friendly to Russia in order to gain Russian influence in the election. 
$C: Do you know what you're saying? You're ok with Russia openly owning America's politicians? Jesus, please tell me you don't vote. 
$C: > the candidate who benefited (and is under investigation for conspiring with that adversary) has attempted to gaslight the entire country about the source of the attack

Except that Muller has stated publicly that Trump is not under investigation.
$C: That's the thing though, they're only an "adversary" if you are playing Team Politic and your Team is Team DNC and your favorite player is Hillary. If you are an indifferent onlooker, they were just a source of information you were using to judge the situation.

It's like if your wife was cheating on you, and someone told you about it, and then your wife got mad at them for "interfering in your relationship". It's just like... ok, what's your point?
$C: "the maximum task [of the future] is the 'Finlandization' of all of Europe", or making smaller nations abide by the policies of their more powerful neighbors, which is... basically what the EU accomplishes. So this is supposed to be against US interests, and we should be opposed to the EU?

The other thing that stood out to me was the "rejection of the rational-individualistic West", because that's something I see every single day - when I go to my classes at an American University, and often on the front page of reddit. If this is the Russian plan, why is nobody talking about *that*?
$C: They didn’t care that the Pentagon Papers were classified information. Neither did Daniel Ellsberg (aka their source)

Same goes for William Binney and Edward Snowden.
$C:  Don't get me wrong, I wouldn't expect a name or anything like that, but anything would have given me more peace of mind to share with my Trump supporting friends. Otherwise, it's easy for them to throw the fake news blanket over this because it's the only time they actually question information.

I'm just curious as to whether or not they HAVE the documents or if they were told this information by a whistleblower.
$C: Only because we, the consumers, demand the news NOW! It creates an environment where news sites have to put stuff out there so they can be "first" with breaking news and THEN do corrections as they come to light.

They're only selling because we're buying.
$C: But that article just references the article I'm asking questions about...
$C: Dude, I can't stand the guy, I voted for Hillary, but if we're going to change people's minds, we have to be sure about this kind of thing. Otherwise it just feeds into the fake news mental disorder.
$C: Most retarded comment of the year 2018 award congratulations. Do have any fucking self awareness?
$C: Listen to yourself. 
$C: This guy is bating
$C: > Seeing how corrupt and downright complacent **Republicans** have been on any forward movement on this, I'm skeptical.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Impeachment is a trial in Congress (see Bill Clinton). Pence wouldn't be president and wouldn't be able to pardon him to prevent that. Congress could vote to remove him from office. At this point, Pence would take over and could pardon Trump from a federal trial over crimes, so that Trump wouldn't end up in jail (see Gerald Ford re: Nixon). Pence couldn't pardon his removal from office to reinstate him as President.
$C: Sure, if he wants his own noose.
$C: [deleted]
$C: yes but there are 2 strings. 1, the pardon person has to confess the details of the crime they were pardon for. 2, congress can say no. Also, congress could then turn around and impeach Pence. Specially since if trump is guilty, there is a high chance pence was in it.
$C: Go back to stewing your beets commrade.
$C: You say that like his odds of getting impeached haven't just fucking skyrocketed.
$C: Guess it's time for the public to impeach him
$C: If someone is swayed by a tweet or by articles so easily without double checking facts, and it turns out the ‘facts’ were bullshit, then it’s their own fault that they believed it
$C: Rambling that manages to be more reasonable than this entire thread
$C: [removed]
$C: I remember being told about this study of how people with some disease or similar would rationalize their behavior to themselves.

If they for some reason found themselves standing with an egg in a hand without knowing why (not sure if it was schizophrenia or some memory problems), the brain would rationalize a reason for it so that it didn't become confused. Like that they were out of breakfast at home or some other random reason. Some sort of biological behavior built into us.

It's quite cool to see it being played out on such a large scale at the moment.
$C: >Anyone sufficiently old enough or wise enough will recall the same nonsense happened in the early 2000s with 'terrorists', the 1990s with 'the gay agenda', the 1980s with 'drugs'...And so on.  

Nobody is scared of the Russians, though. The difference is that people were scared of those because they "supposedly" were in our country. A more likely comparison is the rhetoric used to target immigrants and "MS-13". That is a much more apt comparison to "terrorists". 
$C: Russia today spread Anti-Trump and Anti-conservative views on YouTube leading up to the election. They're litteraly still up.
$C: Had they let Bernie be the nominee they probably woulda won but they shot themselves in the foot lol
$C: ... So they basically beat all media houses in their predictions, managed to easily influence more than Hillarys $4 billion, and got the president that no one wanted but is doing what he said would do and is improving the country by posting a couple of Facebook ads?

Man, maybe we SHOULD let them control the US. They seem to be doing a pretty good job, and know a lot more about stuff than others.
$C: Because half the country hates her fucking guts?
$C: Because who the fuck likes her or any Clinton?!? 
$C: Sorry, I chose to read a comment here instead. They provided as much evidence, and if everything written on the internet is true, then so must that comment be. 
$C: Yes. The ads Russia placed on FB targeted both the left and the right.  They dont care about dem or repub.  

United we stand, divided we fall.
$C: Thanks bud!
$C: We don't know it actually has serious dirt, we've only seen indictments.  We'll have to see the evidence to make that judgment, that comes next in the discovery phase.

However, we can't make the accused come to court, so it'll probably never happen.  Plus, the server wasn't properly secured for forensic analysis so the most important evidence may be inadmissable anyways.
$C: >it looks pretty clear that the Trump campaign was onboard with this happening

No it doesn't. There isn't any evidence of that.
$C: It’s a joke. Play on which and witch
$C: I believe it's a witch hunt, the opposing political party has done it to every president since as far as I can remember. It helps them stay in office and raise money. If the country is doing well they have to keep people engaged with whatever they can to raise money. Remember the Benghazi scandal it was one, I remember a old one where it was in the GOP news networks for at least a week, were they called Obama a disgrace for bowing during a state visit to a Saudi Arabia prince(not 100% on the person). It happen all the time. I think why we hear a lot about now is most of the media is pissed off at Trump for playing them a fool with all the free advertisement he got while running and the consent insults he throws at them. I like trump he says what he is thinking, don't I think he is the best president ever, but he is hell of a lot better then anyone is giving him credit for.

Edits: spelling added a n't
$C: Honestly some of the stuff he does I don't see how it would benefit anyone, including himself.
$C: “Can we talk to the guys who are the witnesses?” 

“Nup!”
$C: > There isn't any evidence of an impeachable offense that has been presented. 

lmao...yes there is...impeachment can happen even in the absence of a formal criminal act.
$C: You’re delusional 
$C: Ooh boy Reddit doesn't like being brought back to reality 
$C: Just to clarify. Do you think this entire trump-russia thing is actually just a massive fake manhunt? 
$C: r/negativewithgold
$C: I am glad to see a comment like this gilded even if I hate the whole idea of reddit gold. 

I don't see how this particular story is being seen as some sort of "got 'em" thing. We've all been hearing reports on Russia's attempts to influence the election for a while now. What does Trump supposedly being told about it have to do with it? I had already assumed he had been told such things.

Edit: The hell? Why was that comment removed? Seriously, there was absolutely nothing in the comment that was against the rules. I would really like an official explanation for that even though I'm pretty sure I know why.
$C: Yeah if this isnt fake news it proves trump colluded with no one. This says putin had troll attacks to sway public interest in a few thousand of people but putin did it on his own. Then obama ignored it, trump found out after he won, and then his security advisers from obamas era told him to keep his mouth shut. So it IS a witchhunt. Its not trumps fault, putin would have targeted anyone willing to make peace with russia. Hillary literally said we might go to war with them. Of course putin doesnt want war who does?
$C: Lying to the entire country for two fucking years isn't enough?! Just how far up your ass is your head?
$C: Lying to and misleading the public for two years on a national security threat is just a big joke, right?

You people are beyond insane. Your boy is compromised as fuck.
$C: Do you support Trumps stance on Russia? 
$C: [deleted]
$C: Never seen gold on a downvoted troll post
$C: Hahaha great response m8 10/10 would laugh again 
$C: r/negativewithgold
$C: >*president commits treason*

>an actual reason


$C: Yeah if this isnt fake news it proves trump colluded with no one. This says putin had troll attacks to sway public interest in a few thousand of people but putin did it on his own. Then obama ignored it, trump found out after he won, and then his security advisers from obamas era told him to keep his mouth shut. So it IS a witchhunt. Its not trumps fault, putin would have targeted anyone willing to make peace with russia. Hillary literally said we might go to war with them. Of course putin doesnt want war who does?
$C: OH, because bad faith assclowns are going to acknowledge the plain evidence in broad daily.

Why do you fucking lie? We know you're lying.
$C: /r/madlads

lmao 🤣


$C: So much fucking salt in this thread 😂 
$C: Nice
$C: I see you bro. Fuck this partisan sub. They are all just mad there is no real evidence of Trump colluding with anyone. In fact, I'm almost positive the IC is messing this whole thing up to cover their corruption being exposed by an insider.

What's that you say about an insurance policy in case Trumps elected, Peter Strozk?

Corrupt hacks all the way at the top. 
$C: haha someone paid money for that comment, good meme
$C: Lol did you give yourself gold?
$C: I didn’t vote for Hillary, either. 
$C: > You do realize that Obama was shown the same exact intelligence and what was done? Oh wait. Obama said that Russian meddling wasn't possible. (Or something along those lines.)

Incorrect.

Obama did, he [expelled Russian diplomats ](https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.theguardian.com/us-news/2016/dec/29/barack-obama-sanctions-russia-election-hack), [sanctioned Russian leaders](https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.usatoday.com/amp/95958472) and even tried to bring both parties together to condemn the attacks. The only reason the last didn’t happen was because [Mitch McConnell was too worried about the Republican Party instead of American democracy. ](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.politico.com/amp/story/2018/01/23/mitch-mcconnell-russia-obama-joe-biden-359531)
$C: Obama specifically said he didn't want to sway the votes by releasing the info. What did they do to Hillary? Announce her email investigation reopened a week before voting, despite already being cleared and nothing damning ever being found.

You. Are. Wrong. You've been lied to for over 2 years. You still willingly accept those lies as true. Admit you are wrong and help fix this shit. It will only get worse the longer you hold out just for the sake of pride. Your pride is not worth the entirety of America's wellbeing.
$C: When did he say that?
$C: With more details to be known, if it’s at all indicated that trump knew of illegal activity that Russians engaged in election meddling (even if that activity seems innocuous), then that is enough to get him impeached.  Just look at the watergate scandal-  there was a lot of evidence that Nixon knew of the shady business the CRP was engaged in.  If there’s enough evidence that indicates Trumps knowledge about any of this, congress can certainly make a charge. 

Edit:  of course there’s a process for impeachment. The likely scenario would be that a supbeona would be ordered to investigate conversations with the Russians.  Trump and co ain’t gonna go that easily and probably not fully comply. That’s enough for obstruction of justice or abuse of power. 
$C: Read the article again 
$C: > You do realize that Obama was shown the same exact intelligence and what was done?

Yes, what was done was that McConnell threatened to create a MASSIVE shitshow by spreading the narrative that the White House was attempting to throw the election by releasing the information and acting on it. 
$C: What about the trump tower meeting?

Trumps decades of Russian contacts?
$C: Thats not what Obama said.
$C: These dipshits think you can just impeach on a hunch. You need some pretty damning evidence to even consider motioning for impeachment, let alone get the vote in Congress. 
$C: Didn't do what exactly ?
$C: You forgot "lul get over it librals"
$C: The party of TRAITORS 
$C: The future is going to be interesting! No matter how this whole charade ends I cannot see the political landscape in the US becoming *less hostile*. 

If anything I think -no matter how this ends- segregation will become rampart.
$C: And independents. And democrats.

The integrity issues in the DNC, paired with turning loose obnoxious shouting false-positive PC name callers, chased people out of the tent.
$C: God thank you for this comment 
$C: Commies?
$C: You're 100% correct. Republicans are too scared they support him and hiss behind his back.
$C: Lifetime Dem voter here. The President is doing a great job.

The big issue is the DNC failed to offer a compelling platform. Worse, we've got the PC wonderkids running loose with false positives labeling everyone they disagree with on the smallest of things a racist, sexist, Nazi, xenophobe.

Have no support for a party that abuses me in such a way. Sorry. I'm happy to walk away unless treated with a baseline of decency.

Failure to engage in dialog in good faith completely destroys the means to air out ones assumptions, shake out the weak ones, and rebuild them with stronger more thoughtful assumptions and views. Everything is a shouting match, a celebration of ignorance.

That's not how I get down.

All the labels thrown at the President are shouted by those celebrating ignorance. I feel this. I want that. Childlike thinking. Adult thinking is sacrifice in the short term for better results in the long term. No we can't have candy now. Eat your damn vegetables. 

So when the petulant "give me the mic" followed by screaming begins, it's easy to ignore and just walk out of the room. Because the screaming often attributes nasty words at the President doesn't make it true. He has to actually demonstrate those things, which lucky for us he doesn't! American is doing great under our President. And that's the thing that burns the most for everyone critical. 
$C: This mentality shows how easily manipulated you are by Russian influence 
$C: Lol, how can so many Americans still believe this shit?

$C: At what? Fucking shit up? Giving handouts to corporate buddies? Golf trips?
$C: He is doing a good job like the bullet out of your gun does a good job when it goes through your foot. 

He's insanely corrupt. He's filling up the swamp with people he wants favors from and using the presidency to get his family rich. His cabinet has a revolving door because no sane person wants to get caught up in the unbelievable mess he is making of our government. He is trashing trade agreements and risking military alliances that took a lifetime and thousands of people to build. He's breaking a lot of really complicated government stuff that will take years to fix. 
$C: Lol yeah definitely he is

Troll or just insane?
$C: Hahaha. Flippity floppity and massive lies seems to be all he can do. Lol
$C: No.
$C: Funny joke
$C: High praise from the guy with a MLP character in his reddit name. good shit, buddy.
$C: [deleted]
$C: And he hasn’t done anything wrong. 
$C: But if you constantly questioned if the murderer was actually the guy you knew it was, and fired the guy looking into the murder, and disrespected and questioned the murder investigation you’d look pretty guilty. Then if you stood next to the murderer and refused to call him a murderer to his face in a room full of journalists it’s not gonna help your case either 
$C: A better analogy would be you were told someone killed someone, because he was told before inauguration, after the election.
$C: Put did you go on TV and ask the killer to kill said victim?
$C: Now we are not talking about collusion,  now its lying. He was given the information and has been lying on the public record about what he knew. Why would he tell us that they didn't do anything and that they arnt a threat, when clearly they are. No American President has ever been friendly with a Russian leader, with the exception of Gorbachev, EVER! For a reason!!! The whole world cannot be wrong, this isn't about making Trump look bad, this is how empires fall. 
$C: I've seen this parroted like 6 other times in other threads and posts. Definitely a Russkie
$C: > I could be told someone was going to kill someone, I didn't callude with the killer.

And that's not what happend. I could suggest a bullshit unrelated strawman that ignores the inconvenient facts and frame all this in a really shitty oversimplified analogy for really fucking stupid people that wan't to be given a song to sing rather than think too hard.
$C: Did you miss two years worth of news?
$C: But it's not "after the fact". This is, and has been, ongoing. And Trump is pretty obviously doing what he can to hamper the investigation into the hacking, as well as any effort to stop it from happening again. 

It seems pretty clear that he's, at the very least, running cover for Putin and Russia. Maybe Trump is doing it 100% of his own volition, but no matter what the reason, his actions are clearly more in the interest of Putin than America. 
$C: We are getting there.
$C: Covering it up looks suspicious 
$C: Yeah! but Fox news told me a year ago, that collusion isnt a crime!!...... /s
$C: The fact I'm making more money from tax cuts, N Korea isn't threatening nukes anymore, we're out of NAFTA, out of the one sided Paris deal and still leading omission cuts, actively trying to get jobs back here, and actively persuing other countries to start paying their fair share in current trade deals, tells me Trump absolutely has USA in his best interests. Yall on the left like to ignore facts because you hate him. Get real. 
$C: You idiots had 2 years to figure out how to distinguish credible news from bullshit but you still can’t seem to do it
$C: r/Woosh
$C: Several have in the past few days.

I frequent that sub and I have also noticed that some of the more moderate voices from a few months ago have stopped posting altogether. I generally take that to mean that they jumped ship. The sub is getting more polarized since there are basically only zealots left.
$C: >a "nimble navigator" 

A what now?
$C: Sounds like facism to me. 
$C: The party of patriotism sold their patriotism to the Russians. 

Trump is almost putting the onion out of business. 
$C: Personal excusability?
$C: Hyperbole much? The world is not going to end anytime soon. Calm down.
$C: Why would they post here anyway? They'd just get berated by the hoards of headline readers who don't question anything they read. 
$C: Do you agree that Russians main form of meddling was a social media storm aimed at both candidates in an attempt to divide this country?  And do you believe that it’s still happening today?
$C: My hope is not that they concede, but that they shut out the world and information so completely that they forget to vote.

$C: Truth. They are utterly and completely irredeemable. They are refuse. These are people damaged to the point that the word people isn't even fitting for them.
$C: [removed]
$C: Well yeah, that place is a hard curated propaganda chamber. It’s clear to any sane person looking in from the outside.
$C: curious when you decided you couldn’t support him any longer? Also, it sounds like you’re being genuine... I just wanted to say I appreciate it. 
$C: Finally a rational response. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: Nah you’re not hearing me. This isn’t a left vs right philosophical debate. I’m sick of everyone trying to split this country. I don’t care what part of the political spectrum you fall in... as an American (if you are one) do you believe Trump has been compromised? 
$C: Obama gave a speech on C-Span on Oct 2016, right before the election saying that the election is so decentralised that no one really believes that American elections can be “hacked” and anyone that says otherwise is “whining”. 

Well, here we are. You believe the elections are hacked so in the words of obama - “stop whining”

https://youtu.be/L3mQaHTj7ow
$C: https://m.imgur.com/a/ScrMekF
$C: Don't bother. It's a TD user. 
$C: When did I ever mention “deep state”? 
$C: Why else would Trump be cozying up to Putin and ruining the relationships that have been in place with our allies for decades?  Do you know what "soft power" is when it comes to political discourse?  Essentially, Trump has been taking away all of the soft power and good will that's been created with our allies.  Russia isn't some economically advantageous play to make.  So it's not like there's good economic reasons to be in their good graces.

Have you been made aware of the recent connection between Butina and the NRA?  You realize that this connection was to gain access to high powered Republicans.  And there's also the [Steel Dossier](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trump%E2%80%93Russia_dossier).  There are way too many red flags to say beyond a shadow of a doubt that Trump isn't connected to all of this.  And yet Trump supporters will ignore all that has happened and say there's no way there's a connection.
$C: Huh.. Turns out can dislike Trump AND not believe everything that is written on the internet. I was starting to have my doubts, but I'm glad. I'm way happier to see to someone who dislikes Trump for whatever reason than someone who says they hate him because of what they've read online.
$C: Psh, actually read the article? That’s too much work. We just want peach mints!
$C: I dont down vote for dissenting opinions. Only for rude comments that add nothing to the conversation.

That being said, Trump himself said he met with his intelligence guy at the press conference in Helsinki. This meeting is most likely what is being referred to.
$C: It's not just this one thing.  There are mountains and hills of evidence all but spelling out collusion.  I guess having a spy infiltrating the NRA to gain access to top Republicans and having twelve Russian spies charged and Trump meeting with Putin privately during the Miss Universe pageant Moscow.  I guess Christopher Steele is just a huge liar.

Yes, if you believe that the Republican party hasn't aided from Russian interference and that Trump, to some extent, is now and has aided from that relationship, you are indeed a fool.
$C: Agreed
$C: So, Trump is Big Brother to the republicans? 
$C: I would caution anybody reading this comment to not subscribe to such partisan allegiance. Look at the issues and how the candidates respond to those, and vote for ones that match your personal values and beliefs.
$C: >His cult comprises 90% of the Republican Party

Can you back this up?  What does this mean?  What is his cult?  

I legit want to know because, whether I agree with your ultimate point or not, it's more important to me that people stop spewing bullshit.  It doesn't help a single thing.
$C: [deleted]
$C: It's mad to think that gerrymandering is still done over in the US. It used to be done in Northern Ireland and was one of the many reasons that \[The Troubles\]([https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The\_Troubles](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Troubles)) happened
$C: Can you give a source on where you got that 90% of the republican party support Trump? 
$C: SO IT'S THE REPUBLICANS!!!! THEY'RE ALL NAZI RACIST SCUMBAGS!!!! FACIST RACIST EVIL REPUBLICANS!!!!! I BET THEY'RE ALSO RESPONSIBLE FOR CANCER!!!! WE  MUST DESTROY THEM TO SAVE THE WORLD!!! IT'S LITERALLY GOOD VS EVIL !!!!
$C: Don't forget this two supreme court picks. And that number can only go up lol
$C: I would normally agree with this 100% but the past few days I’ve been starting to wonder if it’s less ‘rolling over’ and more ‘probably are just as compromised as he is’. 
$C: the house is controlled by republicans who don't want him impeached for obvious reasons
$C: [removed]
$C: >no one else really does either

🤔
$C: Also, 63 million Americans voted for Trump. That's not "half of America." Sorry.
$C: I mean, when you'd rather sell out your country to a foreign power than let a woman run it, I dunno what else to call you guys!
$C: So use semiautomatic pitchforks and multiple tine tine pokers. You gotta react. Trump is a menace and he will sink America. 
$C: Glad I’m not the only one seeing this.

$C: Better go protest then because the media does do that. They're not doing it on this post, but there's another one about a study proving this new wave of "non-binary" people is just a fad. But, since Reddit users would not like that story, and since they love anything anti-Trump, they buried the study and have propped this one up on the front page. The literal scientific study, including citations and facts has been buried, while the clearly biased article from the NYTimes with no citations or sources listed is promoted to the front page. So yeah, go freak out but do your homework first.
$C: That is “hot” or top now, I’m sorting top today aka 24 hour period. Seems fishy 
$C: Since when? I've never noticed anything like this once. 
$C: Wow!!! I spent the last 10 minutes laughing at your comment. What rock are you living under? You must have one of those over sized maga hats that cover your eyes and restricts brain function. 

Peaceful huh? If more kids are getting killed in school shootings then soldiers getting killed in Fellujah, how is that peaceful? Cops are randomly shooting citizens in the back and flipping coins to see whether or not they should be arrested, idiots are calling cops on others for bbq’ing or using coupons. 

Cmon, if you’re going to participate, at least use some logic or be in touch with current affairs. 
$C: Honestly, they didn't do much to break the brainwashing that DNC and the left wing "media" has been doing. It's more of a movement where people finally noticed that reality isn't like what they describe, and they had enough of it.
$C: Quote the worst thing Trump has said about Putin
$C: You didn't do this in retaliation of "blind hate"... you were duped.  Was it fox news or was it the litany of social media campaigns?
$C: Oh look it's the "I voted for a terrible person because libruls were *mean*" comment. Right on time.
$C: The mindset of a loser.
$C: He wasn’t talking about the election. Clear from context. 

Just give up. You guys have embarrassed yourselves beyond redemption. 

Go in a cave and never come out until you grow up into mature civilized Americans that can critically think and understand CONTEXT at a third grade level. 
$C: At least Trump can stand unassisted in temperatures above 72° 


https://youtu.be/QOCPGMtbuiU
$C: Trump supporters will NEVER change their minds about him. It’s not about how successful he is in office, it’s all about trolling liberals. This whole presidency is one giant meme. 

So who gives a fuck anymore. Trump is clearly a moron and in Putin’s pocket. If people want to stand by him and go down with the ship then so be it. But I’m going to mock the fuck out of them all the way until the end and not feel bad about it at all.

Basically I’m not here to change their minds. I’m here to laugh at them for supporting a joke of a president. They want to act like children then I’ll treat them like children. 
$C: Oh yes please, let's bend over for the Trump cultists some more. Great plan. 
$C: Trump supporters wore “fuck your feelings” campaign shirts. 

They are irredeemable. Shaming them into extinction is the only way to do it. Shame and insults are the only way they know how to operate. It’s the only way to reach them. 
$C: The entire country is losing right now because of people like you. Whatever stupid response to this comment you have, I just want you to know that you're the problem. It's not to late for you to change your mind and actually give a shit about this country.
$C: Trust me, the people that voted for Trump lost the hardest.
$C: Lol "we"
$C: Obama lost the primaries popular vote but he became president. No one seemed to think that was fraud.
$C: What was sensationalized about this?

How do you honestly look at this situation and go “yeah everything is fine”
$C: So to be clear, you don't care that the President treats Russia better than allies?
$C: “Yes master, yes, I will blindly follow you anywhere no matter what. MAGA, MAGA, MAGA, MAGA”. The constant chanting of a cultist and you’re too stupid to realize it. 
$C: You know putting MAGA after everything looks like a cultist chant, right? You guys are too dumb to have any kind of self awareness. It’s so enjoyable to watch. 
$C: The country lost
$C: Only their dignity, respect, minds, sense of morality... The list goes on.

Sometimes it feels like people would rally behind Sandusky if they thought he had good economic policies. 
$C: I really hope that is sarcasm.
$C: Trump supporters don't have the intellectual capacity to read and comprehend beyond a few sentences, so posting that is pointless for someone who needs an ELI1
$C: I've seen no evidence to the contrary. 
$C: It's because Republicans prove time and time again that all they are is a cesspool of traitorous shit with no regard for anything or anyone but themselves.
$C: This isn’t about “libs” or “conservatives”. This is about the president deflecting and making excuses for Putin’s attacks on our democracy. It’s weak leadership and it’s hurting our country. 
$C: poop would be a euphemism for shit, not the other way around


$C: It's a metaphor, not a euphemism.
$C: Why, though? He clearly is concealing an attack on our government and licking boots like a little bitch on the world stage. He's either a coward intimidated by Putin or he's being blackmailed. Why defend this man? You got elected, you don't own him anything. Totally getting blackmailed. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: The implication that the intelligence community is lying or giving him inaccurate information is laughable. It’s not proof of collusion (yet) but it’s proof that Russia has been meddling, yet this dense mother fucker can’t even admit that, and then goes on to lick Putin’s boots like the weak, spineless coward that he is.
$C: It isn't proof of collusion, unless there is a part I am missing however it is proof he has been lying to every single American no matter who they are or what they believe or who they voted for knowingly and seemingly without any care. If that's not worrying to you, you must not care about this country.
$C: It's proof of bad judgement. Best case he can't help but conflate collusion with Russian interference (like you are doing) and it hurts his little feelings, worst case he is trying to cover it up. 
$C: The revolution is coming and when it does I will be on the side that is better armed.
$C: It's not proof of collusion. It does show that he didn't take any action to protect the legitimacy of future elections, and it does show that despite being shown proof that a foreign government launched a complex cyber attack to influence the election, the POTUS has been trying to become closer to said foreign government, even using his position to block previous agreed-upon sanctions for a completely unrelated issue. He didn't do what a President should do, which is take steps to protect the nation. 
$C: why? Honestly, give me your top 5 reasons. 
$C: [removed]
$C: Happy to hear your justification for supporting this guy.  Go for it.  Let’s hear some reasons.
$C: Why?

Don’t worry I know you won’t give an answer. 

You think it’s edgy to still support him. That’s it. 

You’re 11. Or you behave like it. Watch as you argue that everyone else is a bunch of snowflakes for acting their age. 


$C: > Come at me

/r/iamverybadass  
$C: Why though?  If you claim that he's solving problems well you're right that would be a good thing.  But if the cost is inheriting a much bigger problem than the others combined then I fail to see why you would still support him.
$C: Why do you choose to have no accountability towards the man you elected? Is he just infallible in your eyes?
$C: Tolerant right
$C: Low energy? You're not worth much more
$C: Gold doesn't effect where it shows up. But yeah, anti-trump news sky rockets the first time a half-decent source is posted.
$C: It’s definitely being botted
$C: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shelling_of_Mainila 
 
 
Do you admit this or do you deny it?  
 
What does the Russian state media and Kremlin have to say?  
 
 
Hmmm? Cue crickets...  
 
You don't give a shit about news, just propaganda. You weill never denounce Russia. Americans are two steps away from goosestepping. 
$C: that's so sad really. how can people just be ok with this living under such a presidency? i feel like there needs to be more the people can do :/
$C: I did and the only things I’ve found are how the American people were influenced by Facebook and Twitter bots and it never really felt like it influenced any electoral college representatives. If you feel like you are educated on the topic then please share.
$C: So what you are basically saying... is... He can't keep getting away with it?
$C: He is saying Americans are stupid. From all evidence so far he appears to be correct. 

I really hope he does not get re-elected but fuuuuuuk
$C: Hey man, you guys do something about it and prove me wrong.

He says 'FAKE NEWS' and the issue is forgotten more often than not.
$C: 36 goddamm
$C: Looks like r/The_Donald have come out of the woodwork. Even then, the number of upvotes have increased by 6,000, and there is now 31 gold in just 10 mins.
$C: That is really messed up. Modern democracy sounds more like dictatorship to me if Trump can just manipulate things like that
$C: Not being able to express your distrust in a leader figure like Trump and actually make things happen is...depressing. It's not like the European Union doesn't have its faults but damn
$C: Jesus Christ, I can't believe I'm reading this. This is just corruption to the max
$C: Note: This will not work.  Russia is far too weak to take actual advantage of what they have done.  Putin just doesn't want to accept the glory days of the USSR are gone and believes firmly that bringing down the US will bring up Russia.

In reality China and the EU will fill in the gap.
$C: Righto, got ya.
$C: Then it'd be great if every new piece of information wasn't treated as if it sealed the deal by this is sub.
$C: The whole sub is like "holy shit guys this is huge news" every time a new story breaks like it'll even matter. Just pissed off cause the guy is a piece of shit, but I'd rather just accept that he's gonna be president than having this false hope every week that he's gonna be indicted when in reality shit all will happen.
$C: There is a strong degree of irony here
$C: lol that's golden
$C: How many of those were from DJT himself ?
$C: Thing is though our pollies here love a good backstab so it will never get to that point. Tall poppy syndrome would kick in the second someone got their own subreddit haha. 
$C: because the election were swayed by the Russians?
$C: Thank you :)
$C: At least you are staying true to your username 
$C: Cheesus, the grand cheeto dismissed it cause, "no one knows more than I do, I know more than the generals"
$C: :-/
$C: u/rahduke gave you some good information.  But the article title saying the information was "highly classified" was a rhetorical trick intended to give additional *gravitas* to the article.

Classified information is in no way necessarily more accurate than information in the public domain.  In fact, public information has the ability to be verified by that same public.  Groupthink is a think, folks.
$C: Mmmm....hookers and blow ??
$C: What's the most gilded one?
$C: Nevermind. I found a post with all of them!
$C: thanks for explaining!
$C: Yeah I just found that Dana White one
$C: He disbelieves the findings of the intelligence community (something liberals a couple of years ago would have cheered) with regards to his election being the result of Russian interference.  He refuses to yell at Putin during a joint presser and people are mad about it. I get that you don't approve of his methods, but it's really not a big deal.  

Still no collusion after almost two years of investigating and all we've learned is that the intelligence community used a dossier provided by Russians to Steele who was paid by the Clintons as the foundation of their investigation of Trump.

If i were him I'd question the IC and their motivations as well. These are the organizations who brought us MK Ultra and who are capable of spying on American citizens through their tech devices almost without exception and for any reason. I don't trust them and neither should you.
$C: Change the tune. You're boring.
$C: Really? Isn’t it morning in Russia? 
$C: can say the same about the left making out Hillary is a saint (She's not, She's as corrupt as they come) and painting Trump to be a White Supremacist/Neo-Nazi/Facist. (He's not, He's just a cunt)
$C: That most people act like Russia handed Trump the election. 

Russia worked angles to insure Hillary didn't win, it's a slight but significant difference. 

I find most under 25 still don't see that their lack of voting, was one of the issues. It seems like any guilt people might be feeling about not voting, and helping Trump win, is being ignored so they don't have to feel bad. 

If you chose not to vote, you were the most effected by the Russian propaganda, I would argue. As their prime message was "voting is pointless."
$C: https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2016/nov/03/fbi-leaks-hillary-clinton-james-comey-donald-trump

  -"Deep antipathy to Hillary Clinton exists within the FBI, multiple bureau sources have told the Guardian, spurring a rapid series of leaks damaging to her campaign just days before the election."

They literally nicknamed it "Trumpland." (I found a number of articles by googling "Trumpland." As that's what it came to be known as)

If you don't know all the details, please don't act like you do.

Only in America would someone who graduated top of their class in an Ivy League school, in a male dominated career, who dedicated their life to Civil Service, be called a "bad candidate." ONLY IN AMERICA.

The dis-information campaign against Hillary continues to this day, its never been based on facts, and well educated 20 somethings on reddit are the ones regurgitating the Russian Propaganda talking points. While that same individual will act like they have a clue what the Russian's achieved. 
$C: Given the GOP's attempts to disenfranchise non-GOP voters and gerrymander permanent power, and Trump's attempt to delegitimize election results that don't turn out how he wants, I am not confident that November is going to turn out the way much of the country wants, or even the way people vote.
Call me cynical, but delegitimizing elections is straight out of the despot's handbook, and if you read the handbook, so is everything else that Trump has been doing.
$C: Right.   And then she lost,  then 20 minutes later Obama and CNN start crying about election rigging LOL
$C: What about the server? What is the server saying?
-72 year old man who does not understand technology
$C: Within one week of trumps inauguration.

https://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-38831233
$C: This was just reported tonight so why would the source close to Putin already be dead?
$C: He'd lose 2020 in a landlside
$C: Wow wtf ?

Thanks
$C: This sentiment is pretty worthless. I mean keep saying it. It's embarrassingly not a mic drop. 
$C: Maybe, but honestly that's very much true about Brazil as well; and let me tell you: those two former presidents were (and still are) as fiercely defended by crazy people that just can't see the obvious as Trumpettes. Also the president in jail now is leading this year's polls... for president.
$C: Why can’t “ we the people” march on Washington, storm the White House, and literally throw him out and rip him to pieces?! Let that traitorous liar have the same death as Mussolini. 
$C: I doubt it. I mean, I'm sure he heard the words and nodded. But they had to dumb down the dumbed-down one-page briefings to six bullet points. He doesn't understand what NATO is, how international trade works, or even what a treaty is. I just don't believe he has enough intelligence to understand much except "this is bad because it means I'm not the greatest president ever." It's an affront to his insecure and overfrayed ego so he dismisses it like every other narcissist does.
$C: Loud and obnoxious yes....violent no.
$C: Mediocre.  But then again you guys literally believe you live in a different reality than we do.
$C: That was very handy, thanks!
$C: Thanks!
$C: I am not from the states, in fact i am from Africa, but this seem like a big deal, if i could vote somehow i would to try and correct things in this world, for now i will upvote this, it's a small thing but worth something 
$C: I mean everyone already knew he was lying. This just throws plausible deniability out the window.
$C: Good one. Come up with that all by yourself? 
$C: Ohh, missed that, thanks
$C: Sure they do...

[https://www.cnn.com/videos/politics/2018/03/27/john-paul-stevens-argues-for-repeal-of-second-amendment.cnn](https://www.cnn.com/videos/politics/2018/03/27/john-paul-stevens-argues-for-repeal-of-second-amendment.cnn)  


Edit: Not that it's a realistic goal even if a senile former justice is talking this nonsense.  There's a bunch of stories from major outlets regarding what it would take to repeal the 2nd Amendment.
$C: It's literally in the headlines that Russia had meddled in the elections. You can't possibly believe that our elections have been legitimate.

Take a look at the media and protests after any shooting, people go batshit crazy about how we need to repeal the 2nd Amendment to "stop these tragedies". People are easily tricked by our politicians using tragedies to trick us into disarming ourselves, all so they can get away with more corrupt bullshit. /r/NOWTTYG
$C: Thanks for the link instead of the downvote
$C: [deleted]
$C: The only evidence I've seen has been that people working for the Russian Government paid for some facebook ads and twitter posts. You can call that "meddling" I guess? Although it's the Internet, a open platform that is pretty much the epitome of freedom of speech. Anyone can say whatever they want on the Internet. I don't really care about that.

I haven't seen any evidence of anything else happening. "Anonymous sources" cited by leftist media outlets aren't very convincing.
$C: Let me guess, you have complete faith in our almighty intelligence community with their infinite wisdom and near spotless track record of never ever lying or providing false pretexts. 

There is no reason to trust them. The FBI lost all credibility when Comey let Hillary skate and even more after Strzok tesitifed and we learned they were plotting against Trump before he was even elected. 

Now Brennan is saying vital intelligence should be withheld from Trump?

Fuck these clowns. 

The intelligence community is the true swamp that needs to be completely gut and cleaned out. 
$C: It actually starts the moment they become the chosen candidate from their party.
$C: So your logic is... a lot of people saw this news therefore it is false?
$C: Then go to voat and stop muddying the waters here.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Sanctions Trump refused to enforce
$C: I’m surprised the GOP and Trump are not still talking about Benghazi.
$C: This is how I beat a murder rap.  I just told the judge that the cops didn't stop me so she had to let me go.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Was referring to the 100k+ upvotes and 50 gold, it's insane.
$C: Casting your side as sane and the other side as insane is a pretty arrogant way of viewing the world. You're talking about half the country being insane, that's indcredibly unlikely. Maybe you just consume information from sources with a different bias than they do, that seems more likely.
$C: >Fortunately there is a proper justice system in the USA 

Many countries would disagree. One of the most important aspects of justice is that it’s beyond party politics. 

Your justice system is *extremely* political, right down to the sheriff and court judge level. 
$C: > proper justice system in the USA 

*cough* ... supreme court ... *cough*
$C: I agree with our completely about the fist point Every country has corrupt people, lazy people, shady people at the top, ours included. but if you genuinely believe your justice system will save you then i can only laugh. He's been proven guilty in numerous cases before he became president and all he had to do was buy people off.  That won't ever change.
$C: Wish everyone understood this simple fact. 
$C: I don't go to reddit for any of my politics. Check my profile i only really visit gaming subreddits. I get my politics from the general internet and local news agencies. But 99% of the EU thinks Trump is the worst thing to ever happen to the US and i happen to agree. Yes all presidents have had protests but Trump has more pretests against him in 1 months than most presidents have had in their entire career. That alone should say something. Every country he goes to has more protesters than he had people supporting hes own inauguration In his own country.
$C: and this is where you are wrong, kiddo
it is not europe either though
$C: If saying that makes you feel any better about yourself go for it.
$C: Uuh... No?
$C: Just cause you can't place the EU on a map doesn't mean we're magical fairies who can't have an opinion. 
$C: You really think so ? We were laughing at him all the way through the elections. We never imagined so many of you'd actually  believe his blatant lies. No need to get snarky at us, you only have yourselves to blame
$C: I see what you're doing there. I hope your countrymen get the joke
$C: i genuinely can't tell if this is a meme or some american being serious. Tech sector is arguably true, the rest are definitely not. 
$C: Just cause you can't locate any other country on the map as seems to be common among 90% of Americans doesn't mean they don't exist. 
$C: Yikes, looks like you're still living in 2016
$C: Just perfectly fine. Thanks for asking.
$C: Much better in reality than in the minds of people who have never travelled
$C: Perfectly fine. I haven't had the slightest inconvenience but we all know how your news sources are, so i'd take that with a grain of salt.
$C: Lol, you got absolutely shit on with the replies to this comment
$C: People can place gold for anything they want, it is a free country, but this is a perfect example of the left’s lunatic fringe wanting trumps head so badly that they are willing to completely ignore logic, facts and common sense. 

There is nothing in this article that even mentions any violation, statute or crime or source, and they all think this is it, and impeachment is imminent.
$C: Lol. No they aren’t. 
$C: I am all ears (eyes) please give me statute, evidence, or crime.
$C: You guys get angry so hard expecting reality to change from the feels alone. Whenever you want to stop being hateful, we’ll welcome you back with open arms. 
$C: >compromised

That, too. 
$C: But 56 guildings for something that we could’ve assumed was true from the get go? This isn’t a game changer, this is just another piece in a large puzzle of fuckery. There have been 4 of these kinds of articles on worldnews that I’ve seen on r/all the past day. I don’t see how this is any different than the others.
$C: Tell me something I don’t know. This has been repeated so many times it’s like beating a dead horse just for shits and giggles. I dont see how this time is different than any other.
$C: You and I both know that nothing is going to happen from what has been revealed in this article. No impeachment. No government condemnation. Trump is still gonna be Trump. So why the hell does everyone make such a big deal out of this.
$C: You mind your own politics guy. Well mind ours. 

Uk poster ^ 
$C: Don't worry sorosBUX incoming
$C: Oh my fucking god. Can we stop going about the fucking pee tape? It literally does not exist.
$C: hunter2
$C: [sure](https://i.imgur.com/6IarYLF.jpg)
$C: Ladies and gentleman, a liberal.
$C: yeah I suppose there's a difference between what any kind of media reports and everyday life. Still, the politics surely takes its toll on everyday life?
$C: Where?
$C: But it is up to us to make sure the people who CAN impeach him are the ones who want to.
$C: ... I think him winning is proof that has already been completed ;)
$C: This doesn't convince any of the people who distrust the news then. As infuriating as the situation is, the people who but into fake news as an excuse or even have doubts aren't going to find this convincing. Unless there are sources legitimacy is hard to prove to people these days.
$C: And this intelligence assesment is being twisted by the corrupted FBI/CIA
$C: Oh...I thought Russia tried to hack the election? Wouldn’t be prudent of the US to enact tighter security controls to ensure each citizens vote counts in the election? What’s to stop the Russians from loading the ballot box? We need voter ID methinks 
$C: But specifically in the swing states I have not seen the evidence. It’s a completely decentralized voting system with huge variances in methodology across states and counties how does hacker account for all of this. Seem like voting would prove fraud. 
$C: That's false. Most of our machines are not connected to the internet. 
$C: How am I being histrionic? How can anyone deny that American democracy is being attacked, all I'm doing is saying it how it is.

With all the stuff happening recently it's a huge stretch to call anyone melodramatic, no one knows what's going on or what to do about it.
$C: There's a post about Comey that has over 100 gold.
$C: https://np.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/2lel5s/tsm_bjergsen_ama/clu14fx/?utm_content=permalink&utm_medium=front&utm_source=reddit&utm_name=leagueoflegends

400+ gold should top this
$C: Riiight.... 
$C: That's hilarious. 
$C: Oh my god hes gilded for the rest of time 
$C: It's important to read both sides of the story, and right now all sides agree he knew about long ago. This isn't a partisan issue. This is about the security of our country, our government, our elections
$C: Honestly both the main candidates were fucked for this election. I would gladly vote for any woman, it’s not the issue. Everyone had so many large scale scandals and shit around them, were fairly old, and kept on playing petty games. Hopefully the next election will bring some worthy candidates, and the whole trump thing will motivate the population to actually vote this time instead of sitting out.
$C: rules don't apply to the wealthy anymore at all...its how corruption works
$C: Y’know they moved to impeach him .. and he didn’t even fuck her!     

Memory Lane
$C: I have never had diarrhea. I am 31 year old. Yes we are 1.3 billion but things are not that bad. Its been 70 years since independence. Few more decades may be.
$C: I dont get it though ... I voted for trump bc i watched the debates and news not the net.  I like the guy.
$C: Agreed.  However I understand how the government would not want to acknowledge that there was mistakes made.  I would assume there is some mitigation to keep the peace. 
$C: You’d think so. But how much are people going to take? People seem to be waiting for Mueller to come along and save them. There should have been mass protests a long time ago. 
$C: And your fucking gaslighting cunt of President isn’t? 
$C: If you're going to make those claims you have to provide evidence. People don't take these claims seriously because no on posting them makes an attempt to prove them.
$C: The hill reported this
$C: Maybe start to question some things. If Fox reported on this they may start to realize something isn't right. 
$C: Sadly true.

My mother and aunt told me they trust Russian media more than our own. 

Makes me sick. 
$C: It's a huge mess because its 100% expected that Trump would minimize the role the Russians played in the election even if he's 100% innocent. If he were to resign tomorrow because the Russians released emails proving the DNC and corporate media were colluding to help Clinton defeat Sanders that would only help the Russians as far as their ability to sow chaos.  So Trump has 4 *expected* reasons downplay the effect Russia had on the election. One: His own ego. Two: The political legitimacy of his administration. Three: To minimize the power of the Russians to sow chaos Four: To protect the faith the American people have in their democratic institutions. 

Until Mueller is allowed to finish his investigation the question remains if there's a fifth reason to downplay the effect of the Russians. Five: He's guilty of being a Russian agent.

The problem is our side is trying to drag out the Mueller investigation until November so it negatively affects the republicans in the mid-term elections. Trump is trying to get it to wrap up ASAP because he wants to be proven innocent ASAP or on the other hand he wants to end it before they find proof that he's guilty. 

Meanwhile the country rips itself apart just like the Russians want. 
$C: Now I’m not saying people weren’t influenced , I was just wondering if there was legitimate voting count changes or if people were just being guided to vote for trump 

I keep seeing meddled but still don’t understand how they meddled is all


$C: This government is not legitimate and it's in the best interest of the people to take to the streets!
$C: Isn't that exactly what you should do when you don't believe in the system? Revolt and change the system. If there were a million people marching every day the government simply couldn't ignore it without becoming outright dictators. It just looks to me as if people are too lazy to stand up for themselves. Like look at what happened in Armenia a few months back thanks to the general publics protests.
$C: Which one? Her personal tampering of the DNC to shut out Bernie or her tampering of classified material/devices that she should have gone to jail for.
$C: But what if Mueller clears him?

Even on a technicality like Hilary's server?

I mean, it's possible they say Trump didn't do anything. Where does all the outrage get funneled?
$C: Yes, it is. 
$C: > Seems like he was unaware of Russia's cyber attacks, thought he was elected honestly, then as president did not release classified information.

That is an incredibly strange assumption to make that has nothing to do with anything presented in the article.

I'm assuming, of course, you are Russian.
$C: It's 2018, I can do better:

https://youtu.be/WeF0XBiLFLg

Keep in mind that this was one month before the election and the guy was cock sure that Hillary would win.
$C: I didn't insinuate that anyone was at fault. I agree with Obama that there's no evidence that the elections were rigged. The guy knew the Russians were meddling, but it was just an annoyance at the time. Putin meddled, Obama meddled in Brexit and Israel, its common for nations to do this and before Trump won it wasn't seen as a big deal. 

Since they lost the election, however, they needed to pin it on something other than their corrupt and inept candidate whose own nomination was rigged by her party because it was "her turn."
$C: Dude it was in October of 2016 when Obama said our elections couldn't be rigged.
$C: Well, the whole "ruin the US's position as a global power" things comes to mind as pretty objectionable.

At this rate we won't even be a regional one.
$C: Separating families, travel ban, cutting DACA, but mostly just that he's a twat. 
$C: Bummer
$C: He's done a lot of things illegal.  Congress just doesn't care, which is the actual reason this won't mater.
$C: I see through the lies of the JD.
$C: Someone else asked how a cyber attack could have changed the election without changing votes and here is my answer.

> An easy to see example is the hacking of e-mails by various democratic organizations etc prior to the election. By releasing them, the news reports on them. Then people hear/read the news, and depending on the source make opinions based on them, then they consider them when it's time to vote. And if those news pieces confirm your suspicions about, lets say, Hillary Clinton handling classified e-mails for nefarious reasons, you are no longer an undecided voter, you are a decided one.
> 
> 
> 
> And that is just one example. You could look at the Cambridge Analytica stuff, which caused the companies name to change to Emerdata I believe.
> 
> 
> 
> Also they could have (not proven yet) deleted voter registrations off the rolls. So if you were registered to vote for 40 years and you always voted democratic, if you no longer appear in the system they'll at best give you a provisional ballot that won't be counted.

Also, he won the electoral college by 80,000 votes or so, which is a tiny percentage of people. Every vote mattered.
$C: She shoulda bought a few of them powerful, voter-hypnotizing, Facebook ads. 
$C: Aw, you lost and you’re upset. It’s okay you’ll be fine. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: [deleted]
$C: This isn't a loaded question. The article says we received information from British & Dutch intelligence but doesn't go into detail about how they obtained it. It then says there's some top secret source who the joint chiefs held in high regard who corroborated, but how would that be possible unless he was some kind of spy? Is there an answer I'm missing or is it true that we're finding out about Russia meddling in our elections by spying on them? I'm not saying the two are equally bad but I'm not an expert here so I'm seeing if anyone else has an opinion on the subject. 
$C: I meant literally yesterday. The time of publish to the time of the story turning up on Reddit seemed long to me. MSM had already run several features on the story before it even featured here that almost never happens. Seemed strange to me. I still don't feel this story has seen the exposure it deserves.
$C: Ultra right wing anti government gun nuts just going to run away?

Actually they probably will. Ha.
$C: It just amazes me because the whole point of them is to keep tabs on the president and vice versa, having them be from the same party, at least in regards to this situation seems counterintuitive 
$C: [deleted]
$C: Oh thank you.
$C: Fear would only further impare judgement. The article says there were 'several' people who attended this Top Secret meeting yet there are no names, quotes, or sources of any of the attendees.
$C: Right, and those emails split the base because Hillary and the DNC we're fucking over Bernie. So what's the story here? That Trump was debriefed on the Intel two weeks prior to inagauration? Who gives a shit, she lost because she is a giant POS. The left is going out of there mind because they know more shit is about to come out about them, old gaurd GOP too. Putin has the Intel, undeniable Intel to destroy both parties. Both parties need to go, they have been selling us out forever. We will rebuild our legislature
$C: No one gave me any money for my vote. And sure, propaganda like fake news or ads can influence, but it clearly says "attacks" in the headline. Russian ads on Facebook aren't attacks.
$C: Last season is pretty much verbatim of what’s currently in the headlines.
$C: Advanced verbiage
$C: I wasn’t aware that happened! Well that’s...worrisome. 
$C: He knows. It’s cognitive dissonance. 
$C: So does that mean that he didn't actually win but rather faked the numbers? Or is it something different?
$C: Holy cow 
$C: Thanks. I really don't understand why there isn't a standard for the country.
$C: Ah, I did not know that. I'm not from the US so I don't know the whole system there.
$C: Honestly, I may have had too many beers to reddit. I’ll read it again in the morning.
$C:  Maybe I'm missing something but I'm not seeing "solid evidence that directly implicates Trump" being mentioned in this article.  It says Trump half believed an intelligence briefing that said Putin ordered the meddling. 
$C: Sometimes justified, but I was more surprised by the amount of gold. 
$C: You're totally right, but I was just trying to make a minions joke. I think just in general the fact that he was briefed and proceeded anyways is what is most alarming 
$C: Why not?

Effectively we have a man in charge who wasn’t voted for by most of the people and apparently cheated his way into power. For he sake of what’s right, isn’t it in everyone’s interests to find a way?
$C: Now that you have pointed out, i do realize that what i wrote is slightly incomprehensible. Nevertheless i wrote in a rush. Will take my time next time.
$C: what the hell are you asking me? if i deny the existance of some absurd event you've linked?
$C: Because you don't agree with what they say, they're a meth head?
$C: what is the point of posting it over and over and over again if nothing is going to be done about it? im all for action especially if its regarding our election system but it seems like people just want something to be angry about at this point 
$C: Yup.

>**And the Obama administration also tried to ask leaders in Congress of both parties to sign a statement condemning these foreign efforts.** The Democratic leaders agreed to do so. The Republican speaker, Paul Ryan, apparently thought that he could get there, **but the majority leader in the Senate, Mitch McConnell, did not agree to do that.** And so, ultimately, there was no public statement until October of 2016, by which time, with the view of history, it may have been too late to do anything about it.

https://www.npr.org/2018/07/15/629281975/fact-check-did-the-obama-administration-respond-to-election-interference-by-russ
$C: I feel like OPs comment is rather pointing out reddit's anti-trump bias. Obviously, the actions of neither president are acceptable. Reddit just seems to have a sensationalist attitude towards Trump's behavior that Obama is immume to.
$C: Stop being hysteric. 
$C: [removed]
$C: This whole site has become an entire echo chamber. Reddit has died. It's shoved in everyone's face on the front page daily now. 
$C: For one associated press has precisely zero sources for this, so that much for lying. Secondly, you only prove me right that all the hackers, who you allege (again, possibly lying) were Russians was expose the DNC for what it really is.

"Oh no, I hate having truth exposed about the candidate I like"

This is about as bizzare as it would be trying to impeach Clinton over Trump's locker room talk, had she won.
$C: It depends on how you define original thoughts. Consider the question from a mathematical perspective.  Let us assume that a "thought" is a particular configuration of the brain at any given moment (I realize that things are a lot more complicated than this, but we must start somewhere).

There are about 10^11 neurons in a human brain.
A neuron can either be firing or not firing. 
The total number of states a brain can be in is 2^10^11 (or 10^30,102,999,566)

The maximal firing rate for a neuron is around 1000 Hz
The total number of humans who have ever lived is about 10^11
Being generous, let us assume each human lived for 100 years
A century contains roughly 3*10^9 seconds
The total number of states a human brain can achieve in a lifetime is therefore: 3*10^9 * 1000 = 3*10^12
And the total number of "thoughts" ever is: 3*10^12 * 10^11 = 3*10^23

10^23 is quite a bit less than 10^30,000,000,000.  Even if we reduce the number of possible states by assuming things like "only 1% of the brain is used for 'thought'" and "99% of the states are disallowed" we still are nowhere near approaching having achieved every possible state.

In fact, with something on the order of 10^20 seconds remaining in the lifetime of the universe, it is probable that there will always be the possibility for "original thought." 

Please note that I give no consideration to the relative merit of all these unthought thoughts; I am merely pointing out that they can exist.
$C: Tell us how you really feel though
$C: Except we live in the 21st century and you can literally look up multiple videos of trump saying the Russians used propaganda. 

What he denies is the mainstream lie of "trump worked with putin," or the other variation "trump only won because of Russian propaganda."

You can keep pretending if you want. 
$C: https://www.sacbee.com/news/state/california/article215095600.html
$C: The percentage of voters that participated in the presidential election in many California counties was over 100.  Considering the average is 60%, and over 100% should be impossible... that's well over a thousand cases of fraud right there.
$C: i know, the "russia hacked the votes, blah blah blaj" Illegal immigrants manipluation our voting system, and russians hacking the voting pool are still foreign meddling. We can at least get rid of half of it, and voter ID would stoop at least some hacked votes. 
$C: you use the words "poor, wonderful" when describing these people? One beheaded his 13 year old daughter.
$C: Maybe they're referencing the DNC stuff trying to get Sanders out...or maybe they're unhinged.
$C: It is.
$C: Those emails revealed a corrupt DNC that swayed primaries in Hillarys favor. Do people seriously have that short a memory? 
$C: He means the Democratic Primary election, not the general. Remember how they screwed Bernie?


$C: He means the Democratic Primary election, not the general. Remember how they screwed Bernie?
$C: What do you mean by this?  How exactly did the DNC rig their primary?  The primary rules are basically bad, but (unfortunately) it's totally allowed.
$C: Replace "gay midget porn" with  " child incest beastiality porn, the camera it was shot with, and the dead bodies of the children and animals filmed"

Now ask yourself if you'd be more mad that someone broke into the guys house, or more mad that he was a depraved child/animal raping lunatic. 

I'm not for either side in this, I fucking hate all politicians, but I want to know how far you'll stretch your logic about the break-in being the worst part about this situation. 
$C: I misspoke, I meant primary. 
$C: I think it’s more like if your girlfriend cheats on you, and your friend sees it, and then he tells you, and then your girlfriend gets mad at your friend for telling you that she’s a cheater. 
$C: 5x5 wall of text, simply put everyone
$C: Oersimply put. It's more like you had a completely independent party you're not in a relationship with knows both you and your girlfriend are cheating on each other and decides which one they'd like to give the other's cheating texts to, and hold over the head of the other one.
$C: > the whole pizzagate thing

*This* is still a thing? You people are drinking the Kool-Aid straight from Trump's cock at this point.
$C: > person/hackers that exposer her are the reason she lost???

Yes. And also Comey for writing Congress on the investigation... and the media was in the tank for Trump... also progressives didn't fight hard enough! _It was Her turn!_
$C: The last US election cost close to 7 billion dollars. Russia is in a  recession at the moment due to sanctions. You're seriously going to try and convince me that Russia spent billions of dollars to make sure Hillary Clinton didn't become president?

How high are you?

Nevermind the massive corporate donations going to your politicians, sure, just blame Russia. Un fucking real.
$C: The only coverup was Clinton fucking over Democratic voters.
$C: You must have missed all of those sound bites where Trump agrees with the intelligence community that Russia and other foreign actors meddled in the election process. Also, both candidates would have been informed of this. 

The real issue is why Obama did nothing about it. This happened under his term. 
$C: And lied and lied and lied and lied and lied and lied and lied and lied and lied and lied and lied and lied and lied and lied and lied and lied and lied and lied and lied and lied and lied and lied and lied . He's still lying about it. 
$C: Nothing. I'm just a fan of actual journalism. I keep seeing these headlines where they make these accusations but i'm still waiting for them to provide some concrete evidence. I'm a fairly moderate left leaning Canadian, I just like stuff to be proven rather than these incendiary non conclusive click bait articles.
$C: Better news / reporting organisations?
$C: You should click the title, and read the article that has statements from our top intelligence officials saying Putin himself was involved. And also that Russia hacked our energy grid and is a threat to our national security. 
$C: This argument grows weaker every day. 

When he’s in an orange jumpsuit will you still deny reality? Lol 

Yup this is all fake. Has been made up from day one. Only Trumps telling the truth...
$C: I’ll never understand this argument. What will you guys accept as evidence? It’s like the only thing you would accept is an actual picture of Putin signing an official document starting his cyber attack campaign. For fucks sake.
$C: What credbility do you have to be able to trust yourself. You're too close.
$C: So if you don't back our intelligence agencies and I'm assuming you don't back Trump from the levelheadedness of your comment, what do you do? Seriously, like, what does one do about this shit. 
$C: You're not going to get an honest answer from these people. You're trying to rationalize with irrational toddlers.
$C: Gotta keep making the lies work
$C: Lol no. 1 was actually. Trump doesn’t even know what a “Russia” is
$C: Rosenstein himself has said multiple times that no American was knowingly involved with any of the indicted Russians. The only people indicted from the Trump campaign have been indicted for process crimes and money laundering that again, had nothing to do with Trump.

You can type IN ALL CAPS all you want. It doesn't change the fact that to date, there is 0 evidence that any Trump campaign officials "colluded" with the Russians. To date, rosenstein has stated multiple times that Russian interference had no impact on the election.

It's alright though. Continue to blame the Russia boogeyman for the failures of your own party. Blame Russia for the fact that you pushed so far to the left that people are walking away in droves, blame Russia that the DNC screwed Bernie, blame Russia for Podesta's emails, keep going. Go on and on about an issue that absolutely nobody cares about outside Reddit and twitter.

Enjoy watching Trump get re elected because you have nothing to run on other than obstruction and over dramatic rhetoric 
$C: Gonna farm his comment history and provide some sources to that?  Dont talk down to the Trump Chumps, right now they need a caring hand, they are the stupid kid in class who just realized it aint cool to shit theirselves.
$C: He meant no voting machines. Ya know, the only machines that matter. 

The DNC left their firewall open to the public for months. Everyone and their mother stole their information, and yet they refused to let the FBI look at their infrastructure. But hey, let's not punish the DNC for being woefully negligent with that sensitive data, lets talk about the Russians (as well as everyone else) who stole it. 

Like for fuck sakes, I've configured firewalls, it's not that hard to put a password on it. 
$C: Because they didn’t get into the RNC system except at the state level. They also got into some mostly defunct e,all accounts and gathered some outdated and useless emails. [Politifact here.](http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2017/jan/11/donald-trump/trump-says-russians-were-unable-hack-republican-na/) 

Edit: email, not e,all
$C: They leaked Podesta's emails which showed DNC corruption. It doesn't matter who leaked it, the DNC was exposed for what it was and no amount of AstroTurfed Reddit threads are gonna change that 
$C: Those Russians have been making the Clintons look bad for like 30+ years.  Fucking Russians.
$C: Yes. It was designed to make her look bad. But think about it. Maybe these attacks on Trump are an attempt make HIM look bad too? Maybe their motive all along was to make them both look bad? 🤔

It says right in this editorialized piece of garbage
> *The Russian efforts are “aimed at sowing discord and divisiveness in this country,” he continued.* “We haven’t yet seen an effort to target specific election infrastructure this time. We could be just a moment away from the next level.”

It doesn’t matter who won; either candidate was ultimately a win for Russia because it allows them to sow discord between us. The only difference is that the media is against Trump and pro Hillary of their own free will. Which again, benefits Russia because they don’t have to do any of the dirty work slandering Trump. They leave fake crumbs, and the American media does the rest. Pits good American people against eachother and the Russians barely have to lift a finger
$C: >The cyber ~~abolish~~ attack was designed to make Hillary look bad. What do you seriously think was the other motive?

How does that make sense? The DNC fucked up across the board on the security end of things. Imagine a world where the DNC and Podesta emails were squeaky clean. The Russians didn't design shit. [The DNC dug their own grave](https://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-37639370).


$C: :(
$C: Michael Moore said it best: https://youtu.be/wxDRqeuLNag?repost
$C: https://snoopsnoo.com/u/DesignGhost
$C: That's how you win people to your side!!? Call them dumb and gullible!! Surely a winning strategy!
$C: Sheer gullibility? How so? Trumps been very consistent in what he said he’d do when he gets in office. 
$C: Lol, these turkeys hated Hillary because they’d been told to for literally 40 years.  Then they just go and make shit up to keep the hate fresh.

Pizzagate, Vince Foster, Uranium One, Benghazi, Seth Rich, Whitewater, it’s been 40+ years of bullshit.  Some more creative than others.
$C: > Wouldn't everybody say, "Well it didn't influence MY vote!"?

Nope. I was a huge Bernie supporter and I’m willing to admit it’s likely that Russia had some impact on my opinion of Hillary and my vote.

I can admit that because I believe in American democracy. Anyone that isn’t willing to admit these truths are either ignorant are purposefully un-American.
$C: >*unjustified hatred*

"Pokemon GoToThePolls"

*justified*
$C: Ironically enough, Trump turns out to be the most corrupt politician in history. How's that feel? 
$C: But if you don't like corruption, why did you vote for Donald Trump. Why not vote for neither since they were the two most corrupt candidates in history unless you count Warren Harding's cabinet?
$C: why would russia want to release info on the most corrupt politician in american history when they already work for them.
$C: So support Trump instead? Enjoy Russia’s balls in your country’s mouth
$C: Dude do you even stop and think for one fucking second what people like Hillary actually think of people like you, she laughs her ass off that she lives in your head rent free 24/7 lmao
$C: Are you seriously asserting HRC is the most corrupt politician in American history?  That is so ludicrous.  Have some more kool aid.
$C: What evidence of corruption was revealed?
$C: Do you even understand what the superlative "most" means?
$C: This. If anything, we should be thanking Russia for showing us how horrible Hillary was behind the scenes.
$C: Congratulation! So you sold your country to the Russians, but hey, you showed these libtards how it should be done! You elected a lying, dishonest, tax-evading, racist, smug, name calling, narcistic guy to be a leader of the most powerful country, and thanks for you, he already destroying alliance here and there, praising dictators and licking Putin's ass.
$C: Mike "zap em straight or decapitate" Pence? Yeah I guess anything is a step up at this point.
$C: Hillary would have been perfectly fine.
$C: > Hillary hate Trump’s the country.

If you’re going to attempt a play on words, you should at least get the basic use of an apostrophe right.
$C: To be honest, and as a moderate/ classical liberal, I remember the lead up to the election. And i believe the public's hubris that Hillary had it in the bag was a large factor. I remember seeing Hillary do 1 rally every few days, whereas trump was doing 3+ a day, and in states glossed over as democratic stronghold. I have many friends say they didn't go out to vote because the polls said Hillary would win 97%
$C: “OMG, I read that vanilla ice cream rapes children! Big, if true! Do the research for yourself! I need you to find evidence that supports my claims because I refuse to provide that evidence myself” - T_D and greatawakening 
$C: > (not proven yet)

So... not proven? You're just pulling the following statement out of your ass. 
$C: Holy shit if people learn of other opinions, they may not want to vote in your favor! How undemocratic 🤔
$C: Hmm okay, I’ll have a go then...

Hillary could have (not proven yet) personally stuffed ballot boxes and that’s the only reason why she won the popular vote.
$C: > Also they could have (not proven yet) 

A.k.a “I’m talking out of my ass, BUT...”
$C: What about the Bullshit MSM polls you don't think they discouraged ppl from going out and voting? When you see 98% chance of  a Hillary win a lot of Trump voters prob stayed hone
$C: I do not.   I did not vote for him but I do not hate him.  here is a surprise,, I do not hate obama either.  or HRC.   It is a supreme waste of time and effort.

This tribalistic hate fest is worse than any rooskie  meddling and has done more to undermine America than trolls buying face book ads.    
$C: Why would I?   The TDS is overflowing 
$C: totally agree on the last point.     

As to tipping the scales, perhaps he could have stopped the fisa warrants on a political opponent.  That would have been a nice gesture.   We were told the fisa court was to help catch the worst type of groups that plan terrorist attacks that brought about 9-11 not dorks like Carter Page.
$C: Its their whataboutism. Some people apparently still get fooled by their deflection. 

Even if Obama was a mass murderer it wouldnt change the facts about Trump.
$C: > So what

lol


$C: ["Obama cyber chief confirms 'Stand Down' order against Russian cyber attacks in 2016."](https://www.yahoo.com/news/obama-cyber-chief-confirms-stand-order-russian-cyberattacks-summer-2016-204935758.html)
$C: How dare he come here and say something that we don't like!?
$C: You just got your shit pushed in, brah. 
$C: I think you need to educate yourself...
$C: thanks for the citation.  a fantastic source.  (snark).

Sometimes this new catchy phrase "whataboutism"  is somebody defending themselves.   If you are not allowed to use other circumstances then how do you mount a defense?  Obama and crew used "whataboutism" referring to bush and republicans for 8 years and it was just fine.

And yes, both sides do it.   I believe slight of hand magicians refer to it as deflection to keep you from concentrating on what actually is happening.   
$C: perhaps.   He definitely did not need to say that hacking an election was all but impossible and that trump needed to stop whining and make his case to the people to get votes.      But, that was when obama and everyone was sure HRC was going to win.   Only after she lost did this blame russia hunt happen in earnest.
$C: First I heard of it.  Not seeing how it is relevant unless you want to say that governments (plural) have engaged in espionage since there have been governments.  Hmmmm?  
$C: well, the op said 2 weeks before his inauguration so technically, trump still could not do anything.  yet trump is somehow at fault?
 When obama was handed the information was actually potus, he did nothing.  IN fact he told trump to stop whining and take his case to the people.   People gave him a pass.   The same people castigating Trump.   
$C: So whereabouts in the timeline is this, related to Big O saying the election can’t be hacked?
$C: They're influence in this multi billion dollar election is really overblown don't you think? 
$C: >fake GOP Twitter profiles with hundreds of thousands of followers.  

Source?

$C: They started pumping both but realized the pro-Trump stuff had better traction and focused in on that.

And Trump draws public criticism just fine by himself, thank you very much. 
$C: Oh yea remember when they funneled 30 million to Hillary through the NRA? And when multiple people on Hillary’s staff were indicted. Or when her staff had secret meetings behind closed doors in Clinton Tower.

 The issue is people believing fake news bullshit over legitimate media. They’ve been told that mainstream media is the real liar. Why wouldn’t we question Trump’s loyalty. Your claims are extremely blind to reality when you choose to ignore the mountains of evidence tying trump to Russia. Meanwhile I’ve seen 0 evidence Hillary was working with them
$C: This is a really good way of putting it.

Look at the pure hatred exemplified by r/the_donald. The us Vs them attitude is so toxic in the US, that it's no wonder that Russia would see a reason in making it even more toxic.
$C: > Their meddling was for both candidates. 

The available evidence is pretty clear that Russian interests were opposed to Clinton primarily.  They were trying to gain support for Sanders and Trump above all others.
$C: What you're saying though is the solution is to shrug take a deep breath and let Trump continue to do whatever he wants? 
$C: Nah, Russia swayed the elections. Occam's razor. 
$C: False.
$C: It was 400k in targeted Facebook ads. Almost every country probably spent the same ammoint doing the same thing. You think the Chinese don’t do the same shit? You can hire any PR company to do it. Don’t believe everything you’re spoon fed.
$C: Read more propaganda!
$C: Keep blaming losing the election on $100k of Facebook ads lmao.
$C: Calling someone a coward from your keyboard is quite ironic
$C: Too cowardly to say Fuck?
$C: Good response tough guy. It's people like you who will cause Trump to win again
$C: Fuck you
$C: The same guy who said Russia hacking our elections was impossible. Hmm. Why would he say that?
$C: Is that the same guy who was caught on a hot mic saying he would have “more flexibility” to work with Putin “after the election”?

I remember how everyone in the news went nuts over that, called it treason and talked about impeachment. No wait, they didn’t. 
$C: Trump can do all this shit, have a 4th grade vocabulary, openly cheat on his wife, talk about grabbing women by the pussy, pay a pornstar hush money, insult foreign leaders with child insults, while Obama can’t wear a tan suit. 
$C: Why didn’t Obama do anything is actually a good question since he was president at the time. I can completely agree that without bipartisan support of the statement it would seem as undermining the incoming administration and bitterness over Hillary losing. So I can’t really fault him for not wanting to fan the flames of Trumpsters.
$C: So now it’s democrats screaming “rigged election!” even though there isn’t any evidence the election was rigged. There was definitely hacking of information and targeted disinformation campaigns, but nothing changing actual vote counts.
$C: I mean he has actively tried to change voter ID laws to make elections more secure but Democrats call it racist because ethey don't want to lose that juicy illegal immigrant vote. Yall need to wake up from your slumber. 
$C: Hey /u/epitaxial_lawyer  are you going to reply or what?
$C: All they did was buy 400k worth of ads. Compared to Hilary's campaign, it isn't that much.
$C: They won’t. The facts contradict their feelings.
$C: This is the bullshit asymmetry principle in practice.  He's throwing out crap (he might know it's crap) but it derails the conversation and might put false ideas into other people's minds.
$C: Were any laws broken besides hacking the DNC emails? What would you like him to do?
$C: What good is a signed statement going to do?
$C: Obama and everyone else all thought Hillary would win, so any interference on the losing party wouldn't be a big deal. Trump won and so now they have to deal with it after the fact.
$C: You guys are too easy to spot 
$C: Mental Gymnastics at its best right here, folks.

Who was it that said our elections cannot be hacked? Oh right Obama. That is until Hillary lost then it was Muh Russia.

Fucking losers. 
$C: History of Now, forget Tomorrow. 
$C: There are four lights.
$C: Trump wasn't president on Jan 17th. The article is up there ^
$C: Proof that Obama didn’t act on the info?
$C: It's important to throw blanket criticism at the media in order to discredit it.

"Unnamed source!? Not real news"

"Headline didn't mention Hilary Clinton? Obvious bias."

$C: Ya, doesn’t matter right... 
$C: The emails about the rigging the primary's?
$C: Thanks for the explanation, i appreciate it! 
$C: Wouldn't he be happy that someone interfered for him without his knowledge?
$C: Nice name 
$C: You can’t say that the media doesn’t have a strong anti trump bias. You just can’t. And faith in our intelligence agencies should always be steadfast huh? Just like those WMDs in Iraq amiright? 
$C: Thanks so much!
$C: Eh unfortunately I trust Trump more than James Clapper at this point lol. Just can't wait for this to all be wrapped up so he's either impeached or we move on. Tired of this he said she said media BS 
$C: And Ukraine openly admitted to trying to sway the election in Clinton’s favor. I should not thank them, but do what I am doing. That’s question why there was not equal outrage. The only difference is Trump won and she didn’t. 
$C: Show me facts. I need more than just what CNN says. I need more than “They did it”. Where the evidence? Show me a report that shows Russia actually, not speculation, manipulated votes. Then, as I originally said in the first post, I will care.  If Russia actually changed votes in the election then I agree with you, and we should re-do the election. I just need evidence first. Show me a vote for Clinton that got changed to Trump. 
$C: As requested

https://www.politico.com/story/2017/01/ukraine-sabotage-trump-backfire-233446

www.cbsnews.com/amp/news/did-ukraine-try-to-interfere-in-the-2016-election/

$C: No. But it’s time to stop pretending that their concerns and feelings are valid or deserve equal time, because this is what we get for it.
$C: Uhm that’s an arrogant statement. I know plenty of liberals who talk shit out their ass more than anybody else I know. Liberals always lose in the end.
$C: IDs, that's an attempt to steal identity than influence an election
$C: So. The [media] (https://www.thestreet.com/story/13896916/1/donald-trump-rode-5-billion-in-free-media-to-the-white-house.html) gave Trump [billions] (https://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/16/upshot/measuring-donald-trumps-mammoth-advantage-in-free-media.html) in [free] (https://www.theatlantic.com/technology/archive/2016/09/trumps-media-saturation-quantified/498389/) advertising. More than even Clinton. If you want to blame anyone for Trump blame the media.
$C: Yeah?

Well except for the fact that in your example you mention Kim Jong Un, who Trump has insulted countless times. 


He has called him a “madman”, a “lunatic”, made derogatory comments about his weight and his height, and we have even gotten to all the tweets in which Trump calls him “little rocket man”.


So, yeah, Putin is *still* the only one that Trump *never* criticizes 
$C: Trump is not smart enough to be "oppositional"
$C: That makes sense and can see how trump will be all about them oligarchs 
$C: No, Putin wants what's best for Putin.
$C: Source?
$C: What place though?
$C: Honest question?
$C: I said evidence..
$C: Of course not! I was just curious about who all saw it and why were just now hearing about this, if it was real evidence it should have been red flagged immediately especially by Obama's administration 
$C: It is attacking Trump- I don't support Trump but that is what this article is doing and it doesn't matter if it's factual or not, it's still attacking Trump.

"attacking" being a rather *scathingly* written article using evidence (factual or not) to discredit someone or an organization, in this case being Trump.
$C: Couldn't agree more
$C: Trump isn't quiet about anything lol. He's repeatedly called Hillary out, but the FBI and all them are scrambling to cover it up and place the blame onto Trump to cover their asses. The same FBI that Trump would need to send after Hillary. So you can see why the situation is what it is. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: Party before country. 
$C: They already did it when they attacked Obama for, essentially, being black.

The far right act like the high morality in politics but will never understand how hypocritical that is.
$C: Nah
$C: You must’ve missed the news in the last year and a half. It’s been a pretty big thing on the world stage. Donald Trump is the president. Unless you live in Russia. Then Putin is your president.
$C: As soon as I posted this comment and I asked my brother to guess how many downvotes I'd get. 

He thought I'd get upvotes 😂
$C: Thank you
$C: What does that mean

Edit: My date that I joined reddit? Whys that special 
$C: [deleted]
$C: I did click the link. A stand down order was issued for a counter attack because that's an escalating fight we would likely lose. The U.S. simply has more cyber vulnerabilities than Russia does. We're to well networked, and everything is full of smart devices. Everytime a new device is added, you add another vulnerability. Russia has already been targeting our national electrical infrastructure, and other SCADA based control systems. The decision to stand down and take another course, one that was partially obstructed by Mitch McConnell, was a measured one. What exactly would you say Trump is doing NOW? It's his ballgame, and this is still clearly a problem.
$C: The article you linked sure made it sound like they fucked up. Trump may not be innocent in all of this, but Obama certainly could have done more.

> The Washington Post reported that Obama himself — along with three top aides — was given direct evidence from the CIA of Russian President Vladimir Putin's cyber campaign to influence the election.

>The Obama administration reportedly knew of Russia's actions for months ahead of the 2016 election, but failed to take retaliatory action until December.

>"It is the hardest thing about my entire time in government to defend,” a former senior Obama administration official involved in White House deliberations on Russia said of the administration's inaction. “I feel like we sort of choked."


$C: McConnell threatened Obama with a full court press of Republican propaganda and other stuff should he go public with the information so he did not. 
$C: They thought it would be seen as putting their fingers on the scale against Trump.  
$C: He was told to stand down on the counter-attacking. Whether the was the appropriate action is up for debate but the article you linked includes no context and is misleading.

> 
> Michael Daniel and Celeste Wallander, the National Security Council’s top Russia analyst, were convinced the United States needed to strike back hard against the Russians and make it clear that Moscow had crossed a red line. Words alone wouldn’t do the trick; there had to be consequences. “I wanted to send a signal that we would not tolerate disruptions to our electoral process,” Daniel recalled. His basic argument: “The Russians are going to push as hard as they can until we start pushing back.”
> 
> Daniel and Wallander began drafting options for more aggressive responses beyond anything the Obama administration or the US government had ever before contemplated in response to a cyberattack. One proposal was to unleash the NSA to mount a series of far-reaching cyberattacks: to dismantle the Guccifer 2.0 and DCLeaks websites that had been leaking the emails and memos stolen from Democratic targets, to bombard Russian news sites with a wave of automated traffic in a denial-of-service attack that would shut the news sites down, and to launch an attack on the Russian intelligence agencies themselves, seeking to disrupt their command and control modes.
> 
> Knowing that Putin was notoriously protective of any information about his family, Wallander suggested targeting Putin himself. She proposed leaking snippets of classified intelligence to reveal the secret bank accounts in Latvia held for Putin’s daughters—a direct poke at the Russian president that would be sure to infuriate him. Wallander also brainstormed ideas with Victoria Nuland, the assistant secretary of state for European affairs and a fellow hard-liner. They drafted other proposals: to dump dirt on Russian websites about Putin’s money, about the girlfriends of top Russian officials, about corruption in Putin’s United Russia party—essentially to give Putin a taste of his own medicine. “We wanted to raise the cost in a manner Putin recognized,” Nuland recalled.
> 
> One idea Daniel proposed was unusual: The United States and NATO should publicly announce a giant “cyber exercise” against a mythical Eurasian country, demonstrating that Western nations had it within their power to shut down Russia’s entire civil infrastructure and cripple its economy.
> But Wallander and Daniel’s bosses at the White House were not on board. One day in late August, national security adviser Susan Rice called Daniel into her office and demanded he cease and desist from working on the cyber options he was developing. “Don’t get ahead of us,” she warned him. The White House was not prepared to endorse any of these ideas. Daniel and his team in the White House cyber response group were given strict orders: “Stand down.” She told Daniel to “knock it off,” he recalled.
$C: Instead, Obama officials chose another course of action after becoming frustrated that Republican leaders on Capitol Hill would not endorse a bipartisan statement condemning Russian interference and fearful that any unilateral action by them would feed then candidate Donald Trump’s claims that the election was rigged. They chose a private “stern” warning by Obama to Russian President Vladimir Putin at a summit in China in early September 2016 to stop his country’s campaign to disrupt the U.S. election.
$C: You really think they're going to click link? It goes against their narrative after all. Oops, did I say that out loud?
$C: On war. Which trump is also taking credit for.
$C: But I thought the Washington Post was FAKE NEWS.  You can't discredit the media in the same breath you use it as a source.


Either way, your entire argument is Trump's only illusion of a lifeline: Whataboutism.


But even if Obama were at fault - - and it seems as though you believe he is - - isn't Trump equally at fault? If there is definite proof that Obama knew about a Russian attack, then that should be dealt with by the authorities, absolutely. But Obama isn't the imminent threat to our nation.


The imminent issue is that our President has known about this. The man currently in that position, right now - - not two years ago. Our current president - - not the former Democratic nominee - - is betraying us to the benefit of our enemy. That is the first priority. Then we'll deal with Obama, Hillary, servers, and Benghazi or whatever afterward. But our priority is getting to the bottom of Trump's involvememt, and then getting this fucker out of office so we can defend ourselves.


You can't deny that Trump is the priority with both a straight face and a modicum of reasonableness. He's our President. No more whataboutism. Nobody else is currently in his position of power. He's the biggest problem right now.
$C: [deleted]
$C: It’s widely known he did what he was able to before being stopped. You’d have to read official records to know that though. Kid’s channels like Fox News won’t tell you that.
$C: Because McConnell blocked it. You morons take pride in being uninformed.
$C: Or you’re just wrong. McConnell is the reason Obama didn’t say anything. But you knew that already didn’t you?
$C: No, you're not supposed to ask questions that have already been answered and that you're not actually looking for an answer to
$C: Ssshh, you’re not allowed to say anything that Mitch The Turtle disapproves of 
$C: Have you even been paying attention to whats been going on??
$C: How? I'm not the brightest but why do you think so?
$C: It's not like it's something he would really want to go around bragging about.

Other than the DNC and Podesta email hacks, there is no examples of anything Russia actually did to effect the election. And those only exposed how corrupt the DNC and Hillary really was. Boo hoo. It's good that the people were able to see that instead of being lied to like they normally are.
$C: Why didn't Obama do anything about it? He was still President.
$C: Says the person defending putting children in cages.
$C: Attempted lul. Not like he's the President or anything.
$C: McConnell threatened the sitting President of the United States of America? And Obama listened? Wow, he really was our softest President.
$C: This whole thing is a shit show. Every day there are multiple Russia stories and people are stuck on teams. If only a Bush or a Clinton won the media would not be going insane 24/7.
$C: Could it be Mueller’s team starting to circle the wagons? Or trying to bring more attention to it? Trying to win over court of public opinion. ?
$C: Obama did his best to convince the country that the election wasn't being tampered with, and then Trump wins and suddenly we need to forget everything we were just told.

These "Highly Classified Reports" brought to you by the same people who sold the country on Iraqi WMDs.  
$C: [deleted]
$C: That train of thought is too complex for them to understand. If they didn’t kick heels together, and lock matching medallions while jumping in the air and freeze framing mid air, it wasn’t collusion to these fucks. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: He’s had a track record of blatantly ignoring facts. Climate change and the environment, for example. He does not care about sustainable energy and resource management, even though many scientists have said that it is a major issue. He’s taken credit for the good economy, even though he’s likely to have done very little to improve it. He also opposes Obamacare, which I agree, isn’t perfect, but I feel like affordable health care is something we as a nation need to work toward. Providing health care to people shouldn’t be a problem. 

Honestly, the worst part about trump is how he influences his supporters. His blatant disregard for facts has shown people that if you don’t like something, you can ignore it, even though it’s true. Having someone like that as president is unacceptable in my opinion.

Look, it’s cool if you support some of his policies. I just cannot in good faith vote for him. Disregarding his politics, he really is just a narcissist stuck in his own head. He does not care about the american people.
$C: It's fake because it paints Trump in a negative light.
$C: If this is a joke I'd like to know the answer please
$C: Yes, because he's the first politician to lie. Like I said, he's kind of dumb and says stupid stuff all the time. He has no filter from brain to mouth just like many people today. But it's like that is all everyone is focusing on. Not the fact that he still won, not the fact that Mueller hasn't found anything on him yet, not the fact of what got released that was hacked. Only that he was friendly with Putin, just like every other president has been since Putin has been president.
$C: I really hope so.  Good luck
$C: Its awesome you fulfill your civic duty, but I believe youre in the severe minority of Americans.
$C: Your civic duty that's been neglected since the Clinton era
$C: Or maybe i just choose not to believe the article and by experience, not to believe much of what the NY Times spew 
$C: Make him president and then try him. This Trump saga has gone on long enough
$C: Lol, by who?  
$C: [deleted]
$C: Keep posting on reddit about it. Change gonna come.
$C: Don't you know the Soros Bot is giving gold to all the leftist Antifa's who post anti-trump propaganda? It's all spelled out in the Seth Rich diaries! They were found in the basement of Comet Pizza by Sheriff Joe but then Podesta raped his kids and blackmailed him to get the diaries back! 
$C: I'm not even sure what he's lying about. Russian meddling, Putin's Meddling, his alleged collusion...


Like... there's no absolutes, and there's no evidence, so how does this have any credibility? It's just so damn vague.


Let's look at the first sentence.


>Donald J. Trump was shown highly classified intelligence **indicating** that President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia had personally ordered complex cyberattacks to sway the 2016 American election.

Okay, so we know it indicated, and we know it was highly classified. So what was it? I dunno, maybe Putin's toast had Trump on it.


Either way, a politician contradicting themselves isn't exactly unusual. Perhaps he felt he'd lose support if he admitted he was told there was supposed russian activity.

$C: I'm glad we agree this article is worthless. That's why you had to reference several other incidents I've never heard of and not the article, right?

And dude, I've looked up some of that [crap.](https://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2017/03/connections-trump-putin-russia-ties-chart-flynn-page-manafort-sessions-214868)	

And it's still unsourced. The stupider thing, is how they say it's suspicious for former Exxon Mobil CEO, Rex Tillerson, to have been in contact with Russian energy company, Rosneft. Absurd! If you have links for the supposed russian audience member/Russian spy I'll take a look.


Fuckin charts look like they were made by a middle-schooler by the way.


And tell me then, how DID Russia forcibly change the election outcome? The only actual theory I've heard is Russians were advertising right wing/pro Trump stuff on facebook, and trolling websites like twitter. I've never heard how the Russian government was involved, just allegations. Not to mention they don't even say how Trump was involved in all this, just that he was briefed on it. So I don't know how he colluded if he wasn't in on it. 

Even if there were trolls and advertising, how does that not make our election still democratic? Hillary's whole campaign was basically trolling trump, I'm sure there was some advertising on her part too. I've also seen some alleged pro hillary/leftist Russia spam

Seems to me the only way it's wrong is if they tampered with the results. Anyway, it's 7am, I gotta go sleep, so you better have something juicy for me when I wake up.
$C: Send your bitch round me, lemme show you how too fuck her right.. you a bitch. Dont forget that, pussy.
$C: Ur the biggest pussy,  ill fuck ur momma and you aint gunna do shit,  cuz u pussy... ur a bitch.
$C: Just downvote and move on.
$C: [removed]
$C: what a shitty fucking analogy. too much soy for you. no votes altered. ez. gg. no re.
$C: That’s blunt & sounds like you’re uninformed friend. If you were you wouldn’t be like Cenk & telling everyone to “just google it”
$C: Get out of the corporate news.

Develop critical thinking skills.

Stop being a ButTrumpet. 
$C: The election fraud that took place in multiple states. Where the totals came back with such high margins of error for hrc that they are statistically impossible. 

The video of polers hiding ballots under the desk. 

How about good ol' Rapey Bill campaigning at poling locations.

There was a lot of it going around.

But I'm guessing you're one of those people who like to pretend the DNC didn't rig things, despite the fact that it's not a theory but proven. 
$C: Curious. You think if 33000 something emails containing classified information about say security, military or nuclear launch codes could do more damage then a business man wanting to run a country? Who is the bigger threat then? The person with recklessness and negligence with classified information or the guy who potentially rigged an election? 
$C: As much as i hate to say this but as a citizen of the United States of America. Using my free speech i will say Hillary was and never will be in any condition to run this country. Trump, not either. But seriously, the email thing still bugs me. Who is to not say that nuclear launch codes were in her un protected email server? She willingly, regardless if obama ordered which i doubt, held classified information on an open email server like a feast on a table. And no im not pro trump. His an idiot too look at the shit is getting into now. 
$C: Don’t get me wrong, I would love to see all this get resolved democratically and non-violently. The thing is a whole lot of parties involved in this are playing dirty and continuing to do more damage, the corruption is rampant and there doesn’t seem to be an end in sight. For example, a huge hope is that congress turns blue in November when a bunch of republicans are voted out and Democrats are voted in.  But we know the elections aren’t safe from being messed with- so how can we rely on fair election results when there’s a chance the voting systems are already compromised and susceptible to tampering by foreign powers, who might prefer to keep the GOP in power? 
$C: So I'm a bigot? You lose all credibility when you resort to name calling. 
$C: Wasn't that obvious before? Sorry, I'm not into politics that much, but it seemed obvious to me. 
$C: Yea, okay, but isn't that useless? 
$C: Yikes. 
$C: Trump is clearly a manipulative lying piece of shit. My point is blaming other people for your problems will get you no where but a feeling of resentment. You need to look at yourself and ask hard questions...or we can sit here and circle jerk ourselves and just say i knew it trump sucks blah blah blah. 
$C: I loled at this one.
$C: Every administration in the last 25 years lied to the public this isn't anything new. My question is where did this information come from if it's from a highly classified intelligence meeting.
$C: They are a nuclear powerhouse with a good military, as is China. I'd rather be on their good side. Because Britain is too busy banning memes and free speech, France can't even protect their own country let alone help someone else at this point, Germany barely has a military and their politicians are in some deep crap. The other half of Europe is in a fairly bad economic decline. Who should really be sided with. 
$C: that Putin personally ordered blablabla etc.
Remember Snowdenleaks and Wilileaks? the US intelligence agencies have been meddling in every election in a wide variety of countries the past 60 years, so why would we even care that Russia tries to inlfuence the elections? 
everbody here on the reddit “Russia is bad””US is good” bandwagon should stop the ignorant hypocrism.
$C: Not a republican thanks for assuming my political affiliation though. Enjoy your communism. 
$C: Get ready to be bent over in 2018 and 2020. By the end of the Trump Presidency in 2024, the Dem losers will look worse than the people of socialist paradise Venezuela. 
$C: Just saying it doesn't make it so. The same could be said of Fox or CNN. Also, why do people dislike centrists so much? I don't jump to conclusions right off the bat, and for some reason the left just doesn't seem to respect that.
$C: I don't care if they are a credible source. The amount of sources in THIS article is lacking. This doesn't mean that I disagree or care at all about what's said in it.
$C: These are all the tactics that are left to them.

They reframe issues so they are not actually talking about the same thing, they use one irrelevant or inconsequential piece of information, and then misinterpret and misconstrue that, they sing to the tune of whatabout. 
$C: In researching deeper, I will concede that not everything that has been promised has been done.  Though the state department had said the effect of the sanctions, reduced arms sales by Russia, has been achieved without imposing them directly. And thus there is no need to go through with said sanctions.

In addition, some things that Trump and his admistration have done to retaliate:
"
Where President Obama refused to provide serious weapons to the Ukrainians to help them defend themselves (his response was weakness on a pathetic scale), President Trump has approved the sale of offensive weapons to enable the Ukrainians to increase the cost of Russian aggression.

When the Russians used chemical weapons in Great Britain, President Trump joined our allies and expelled 60 Russian intelligence officers from the United States.

When the Russians retaliated, the Trump administration closed the Russian consulate in Seattle. President Trump had previously shuttered the Russian consulate in San Francisco and smaller annexes in Washington and New York.

More than 100 Russian individuals and companies have been sanctioned for a variety of reasons." 


$C: Congratulations.  That answer is so unfathomably stupid it's retarded even by Leftist standards.
$C: Okay I did and it turns out he promised the Russians to be more flexible and then ordered cyber security to stand down and stop working on options to counter Russian attacks.

Sounds like there might have been some muh Russia collusion after all.

Also turns out it's 2018 so you should stop saying bro.
$C: What do you even mean by interfere? The term is so vague. Could range from Facebook ads to voter fraud. 

And you say Obama couldn't do anything but then what was trump supposed to do? You probably wanted him to forfeit or something lol
$C: Exactly.

Its funny how you want people to care now though. LOL
$C: You could post an archive of the article. Just not link to something that you can’t read if you’ve been on their page a bunch already.
$C: Yeah, we should instead trust Russia!!
$C: Don’t we still have them? 

If we do, why were sanctions good enough then but not now?
$C: Yeah, yeah, I know all about it. I have some advice for you too: stop being myopic and biased.

Why should people get upset with Trump when Obama and Congress didn't do a damn thing. Or the media. 

Also, if Russia was having a huge impact, it would have started in the primaries. Did the intelligence community not detect it then? Why was nothing done before Trump won the nomination?


$C: So basically I'm seeing that Obama didn't have the balls to call out Russia. Then in hindsight after the democrats lost the presidency, he and Biden tried to put all the blame on McConnell for their inaction.
$C: No I am not, and I did not vote for trump. This last election was disgusting on both sides, embarrassing on all angles. Your're a partisan gnome sheep bot who does no thinking for yourself. It was the scary Russians who did it!! NO take some god damn responsibility
$C: DNC Staffer with password set to password is surprised they were hacked. I can 100% guarantee you that "Russians" were not the only ones in that server.
$C: What's the evidence?
$C: I dare say its irresponsible not to follow it.  

At the least its very entertaining bufoonery/terror.


Side thought.
*How's this for 5-D chess: Tariffs are Donald's new chess move.  Not sure if he  noticed:  no one is coming to you to play, Donald. You're going from table to table, ones that are already preset. And the people *around that table watching* are more important than that player.



The real game is not chess moves, Donald.   *But you just don't know what you're doing.* 

https://youtu.be/R5y3fd8kvgQ

$C: [deleted]
$C: Names are more important than descriptions, and it isn’t all that wild over in T_D, a lot of times it’s pretty tame. 
This is the same newspaper that released the Pentagon Papers from their source Daniel Ellsberg.
$C: Let's be fair - he shouldn't be ignored for subbing to TD. He should be ignored for the 1,300 karma from comments on TD that align with the Russian trolls and earn upvotes.
$C: ... You mean the new Sanctions Trump placed on Russia? ... I agree with them ... as well as him arming Ukraine -> [https://www.ft.com/content/8a3b5e28-e896-11e7-bd17-521324c81e23](https://www.ft.com/content/8a3b5e28-e896-11e7-bd17-521324c81e23)  ... Russia didn't like it but so what!
$C: How did they meddle? I have yet to see someone explain this. Not denying it's existence. But can someone explain? I swear... People just say shit and never explain or don't even know what they are protesting.
$C: Literally just said, don't tell me the outcome. But explain why things were undermined and tipped to favor others.
$C: Is voter fraud and ticket manipulation done by Clinton not equally as bad? Regardless both sides are frauds. Don't trust any side.
$C: The Democratic party heavily favored Clinton and manipulated the system using super delegates to get her as the candidate even though Sanders was the heavy favorite. Regardless, like usual, no one minds any attention to the corruption within our own political system. Only pointing fingers at other nations for our own security failures.
$C: Oh shit, thank you so much!
$C: There you are my friend.

http://archive.is/AJH8D
$C: No entiendo
$C: Yeah how long has that taken so far.....if all you guys know what's happened (seeing as you all post enough about it) why has nothing happened to Trump?

I'm happy to bet he stays in power for a second term.....who will you blame then??
$C: [deleted]
$C: And like... Not bold faced lie for two years, blaming other people and other countries, stymie any investigation or inquiry, and tear down and weaken our intelligence agencies.

I agree, it would start with that simple admission, but if he did that, let's think about how vastly different his narrative would've been over the last two years. Indistinguishable. This man is not fit to represent me, or anyone else in this nation. 
$C: Yet everyone is treating President Trump as if he's already been found guilty. Wierd how that works. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: [deleted]
$C: took me about 10 seconds to find this 
https://www.npr.org/2018/02/21/587614043/fact-check-why-didnt-obama-stop-russia-s-election-interference-in-2016
$C: wow, checked that out.  Hilarious.  I can't believe you're even willing to admit it.  So Russian interference was no biggie to Mcconnell, Biden and Obama when they were sure Hillary would win.  Then when she didn't, weeping, moaning, gnashing of teeth.  How horrible the meddling was! AND it was Trump's doing!  pathetic.  and what's really pathetic is you still can't see it.  
$C: So based on your response, you agree that Obama did nothing because they were assuming Hillary would win.
$C: [deleted]
$C: And your country will eventually be ruled by those backwards people, sounds good to me 8)
$C: What did I say that wasn't true? 

You people only start looking at this story post-Trump, but no one cares to compare the state of Russia and America to pre-Trump for context. Probably since those most-outraged over Trump were 12 years old when Obama took office. They didn't care about politics when this was going on. So it doesn't exist to them.
$C: He's been tougher on Russia than the last administration. 

Edit: https://youtu.be/XsFR8DbSRQE
$C: There is an investigation going on right now looking into it which the president was all for at the start. And I'd argue that he is doing something about it. Trying to improve relations. Putin will never admit to trying to influence. Just like the US wont admit to influencing numerous elections around the world. 
$C: Caring by posting on Reddit as opposed to paralyzing the American economy through protest? All virtue signalling and outrage culture.

All talk but no walk, literally. You're welcome to prove me wrong.
$C: I’m not saying to string them up without due process, but when all is said and done, they should hang. 
$C: Sore loser. Tell me, what did the Russians reveal that you think Clinton/DNC should've kept secret? Clinton/DNC subverted democracy, and still lost. 
$C: Nope.

One reference with video of James Clapper stating it was 3+1.

https://freebeacon.com/national-security/new-york-times-associated-press-correct-claims-that-all-17-intelligence-agencies-agreed-on-russian-interference/

James Clapper lied under oath when asked about the massive surveillance of Americans.

Brennan was head of CIA when it was caught spying on  members of the Senate Intelligence Committee!

https://www.nytimes.com/2014/08/01/world/senate-intelligence-commitee-cia-interrogation-report.html

Brennan btw voted for the American Communist Party in the 70s during the height of the Cold War!

Why has not single iota of evidence been produced by Mueller, who himself is connected the to Uranium One scandal, regarding the collusion?

The mob mentality and hysteria of some in the left is worrying.
$C: Genuine question what's the point of gilding something after the first one?
$C: Good to know, thank you! Seems odd to me, but I presume exceptions can be made for such important positions
$C: Oh cool. I'll just put on some reality tv and wait for the bomb.
$C: weird, back for me too. nevermind then
$C:  I never doubted Russia trying to meddle but never saw any proof on it. Thanks for the link! 
$C: Thanks for that.
$C: because of the source. They are democratic. Such as the truth is swayed in favor of democratic views.
$C: These kinds of stories that hinge on Trump's personal knowledge are great because he always confirms them the next day on twitter.

Also, this is one of the most upvoted posts ever I think, 60 gildings isnt all that much
$C: Was he not president? Was it not his charge to keep this country safe from foreign (and domestic) threats? Why is everyone talking only about Trump, when he wasn't even president? Everyone is acting like this is Trump's fault alone? Unreal. 

And how does "telling" Trump change anything? It was Obama's job to stop it, not Trump's!
$C: A crime, yes...quite relative though.  What’s the correlation between Russian meddling and Trump winning?  When the left develops an actual plan to tackle that, I will actually have respect for their arguments. What about crimes against humanity going on daily all over the world?Those barely make headlines.  Why is that you ask? Because nothing matters but Trump #winning.  North Korean Election meddling wouldn’t have mattered much had the other party won the election.  Conservatives don’t cry, we grind!  PS - calling me stupid isn’t the answer
$C: Start somewhere right? And let’s not act like votes IDs are enforced. Lol seriously. I have video proof it’s from my own personal experiences. So if it’s happening in Ohio where we are indeed a sanctuary state but I find it hard press our issues far exceed those on the west coast. 
$C: Oh yeah! Telling Putins right hand man that he's just grand standing and that after the election he'd be more flexible isn't sucking Putins dick is it? I mean 'cut it out'. What a savage line! Sounds like something he'd use on his boyfriend, Michael when he's being too rough. Oh yeah and obama did deny it. 'No serious person could believe the United States election could be hacked. What does that even mean?!?!?' 

Try again, but work on facts not feelz this time
$C: Well, that's when i'll make my decision on this matter. When i can read the evidence myself. I cant trust American media.
$C: So you admit you have no evidence, yet you believe it anyway. Lulz
$C: They sure are good at leaking these findings though...
$C: I never said anything about Trump being innocent, I specifically said the GOP is corrupt and working with Russia. I'm just saying that this whole cyberattack concept is being taken as an attack on the US and its security when in reality it brought to light how fucked US politics really was in 2016. 
$C: What was the main focus then of this cyberattack? What was more effective at manipulating the 2016 election than the DNC emails?
$C: Sick burn, mate. Got any others?
$C: Politico? Lol
$C: Lol at your continuous attacking on Obama and Hillary while being apologetic of Trump with a secondary account, bravo 
$C: the mean "us" as in we citizens
$C: [deleted]
$C: I'm good on that I'm in a pretty blue state.  
These red tastes tho.  
Wish we could help those delusional people out.
$C: Publicly he didn't show it at all. He had did have all the intel and knowledge, and expected it to come into the open sooner or later. Probably expected Trump to last 1-2 years. I guess it''s a race against time, i.e. how fast can Trump dismantle the democratic systems so that he can stay in power no matter what, like Putin does.
$C: Thanks for the answer reddit genius!
$C: Because this article wasn’t written by them?
$C: The silent majority influenced the vote not some crap on FB. Then to protest a vote based on opinion that hasn't even been proven is more fake than if Russia was involved.
$C: just dont believe everything people tell you, but the average american is too stupid for that i guess

how is doing what russia and trump did different from just normal lying and propaganda of any other political party
$C: First, we meddle in elections all the time around the world, we just don't like it when it is done to us.  But, what did they do that affected the results of the election? I am sincerely asking this question because it seems to me a bunch of people just fell for the Trump trap, and people are trying to detract from that by discounting the results as some bullshit from Russia. The bigger issue is stupid people, not a foreign govt. 
$C: “you aren’t very bright laughing out loud” I fucking can’t stand you people anymore 

You said Russian bots hacked the election 
Now you call people who walk away bots

It’s like I woke up one day and found out all my friends are pricks.

“You aren’t very bright”

Fucking condescension and fear manipulation are your major tools.
$C: Okay...besides hacking emails and posting lies about Hilary Clinton, what else did they do?

Oh, and for full disclosure, I voted for Hillary so don't even try and paint me in his group of moron supporters.
$C: This is quite a read. Thanks. 
$C: Something? The Cia went up to the president elect and said "we know funny stuffs been going on" what's Trump supposed to do before he even has any power? Looks to me like they couldn't (by lack of power or intimidation) do anything, I'm just wondering how this was "known" by the American intelligence community for two years without anything being done. 
$C: I have a hard time believing that, especially so now that they are saying Trump saw evidence before his inauguration that it was ordered by Putin.  If they have proof Putin ordered such a thing that long ago, at that high a level, it would either be solid proof of such a claim or they are blowing smoke and playing a dangerous game.
$C: This doesn't change the fact that at supposed time of the divulging of this information Donald Trump was not the president and as such he does not have the proper authority to view any classified information at will.

With the power of the presidency comes to ability to view all information our intelligence angencies possess at will, without the need for a formal clearance. He can also change the level of classification on any government document he wishes.

None of this matters since the supposed meeting happened when he wasn't the president. The information leaker, by law, would still need to be charged with divulging information to unathorized personnel.
$C: "Why won't they reveal their sources so they can be silenced? It's not fair!"
$C: A source says haywoodjahblowme killed three men. 
$C: Changing who can vote isn't hacking. And when did Russia change who is allowed to vote?

No, you can't hack an election. 
$C: Well I'll give you one thing, the Democratic Party will be the first to go down in history for winning the troll vote.
$C: A donkey and an elephant play a game of chess.

The elephant, through a series of sacrifices, puts the donkey in checkmate.

The donkey exclaims "I had more pieces, so I'm the real winner!"

Who is the winner and why?
$C: Pffft so he had top secret clearance to Intel before the election? Naw dog.
$C: Can you read? I said the shit goes both ways.
$C: I’ve no doubt that Russia payed very close attention to our election. But one thing is for certain. Americans voted, not Russian bots. And America got who they voted for. Russia has certainly done their best to meddle in every election America has had since the USSR and before. That doesn’t mean trump colluded with Putin. He’s not even smart enough to do that. You really need to get over it. There was no collusion. You have been brainwashed by the Clinton news network and I feel bad for you. You are almost as bad as a flat earthers at this point. But by all means keep clinging to the hope that he will be impeached. You believe he is a traitor because you want to believe it, not because there is any real evidence against him. Get used to it. He is going to steam roll the left in 2020. Letting radical progressives take over their party was a huge mistake. 

I’m a centrist btw. I hate republicans and democrats equally. They are all corporate ass stains in my book. But trump is doing a great job in office. It’s fact. So what if he is getting along with Russia? Are you willing to start ww3 to prove a political point. He has conducted basic diplomacy and is getting railed for it. Trump derangement syndrome is REAL. 
$C: i hope Trump is re-elected because my country gets a good laugh out of how far American has fallen and how stupid he is.
$C: All I can say is the Chinese government must love our obsession with the Russians. I work for a tech company that has been attacked multiple times by the (suspected) Chinese military trying to steal I.P.
$C: Sure they are.
$C: I didn't say anything that disagrees with your points, but it gets down voted anyway. That says a lot about how people really feel. Say "traitor" get gold and 5k points. Say "yeah this isn't the first time it's ever happened" get downvoted. Reddit is a terrible place for politics. No one knows what they are talking about, or what they even want.

If Russian's went in and changed votes that'd be one thing, but Russian accounts convincing people on how to vote through Twitter and Facebook, that's just to be expected when everyone gets a vote.
$C: Wait a second - dont you dare say that is fake news. Ask Donna Brazille. 

Which is a more damaging attack on democracy? A foreign influence releasing information? Or a domestic party COLLUDING to rob the primary and presidency of the right candidate? 

Hillary should be slinking into the shadows and every Dem should be up in arms over this corruption. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: What do you think "us" refers to when I said it? Lol oh Reddit logic never fails.
$C: That's not a reason not to act. Obama failed the American people. 
$C: Yeah. Reddit is. That's what I said.
$C: Thanks for the good comment! 

I see what you mean. 

Regarding Russian influence, I am from a former communist country in Eastern Europe and although the communist system fell back in 1989 and the country is EU/NATO member now, there is still plenty of communist/Russian influence, especially over the majority of the media, and especially amongst the elder people.  
$C: I don't. When Trump spies on the next Democratic nominee he will use Obama's spying on him as an excuse.
$C: Uhhh.... Except Trump did say the election was rigged and told Obama to do something about it. At the same time, Obama said there wasn’t.

https://archive.is/JsHdO
$C: https://i.imgur.com/1pZ0Qme.mp4
$C: Tell that to Al Gore. 
$C: Wrong, Tim Berners Lee (British) created the World Wide Web. The internet was "invented" in the US, originally called Arpanet. Look it up....
$C: Thank you for your reply. I understand better now.
$C: Oh no you caught me! Cyka! 

Sorry that your party can't even properly rig an election. 
$C: There is literally ZERO concrete evidence to this day of any interference, you would think with all this hate they would of found evidence if there was any to begin with this at this point. As to nobody knowing how he got in, half of America would like a word with you. 
$C: Oh no, he didn't sign a paper! I'm sorry, I didn't know McConnell was in charge. Do you hear yourself when you defend Obama? When are you going to admit Obama was the real dictator?
$C: Meanwhile we were attacked by our own country and we let the Clinton machine defraud Bernie Sanders and everyone stood by and did nothing.  Zero outrage.  Bernie getting a fair shot is worse.  This happened in our democracy right in front of our very eyes 
$C: Right but why cant covering for someone be part of the cautious reticence. And he actually tends to cover for himself and not really for other people
$C: Thank you for your insightful comment that answered my question with unparalleled clarity (and/or) added meaningful discourse to the conversation 
$C: i was referring to helping stop the war between north and south korea which was going on for around 70 years, in which the south korean president said trump was vital and deserved the nobel peace prize , idk know anything about the Pennsylvania farmers, but if you look at the economy as a whole especially for minorities its healthier than ever, also i dont think you got entirely what i was saying, it was less about how good trump is and more about healing the political wounds that ideological partansinship has caused, but ok.
$C: Don’t have a Facebook and never have, I live in Texas and have been growing increasingly frustrated over what is happening on my southern border, Trump said he would be very strong on immigration and has been, while I knew Hillary would hardly do anything to stop it. I still don’t understand how “Russians” made me come to this conclusion.
$C: 1)>The Russians swayed the election by at least these methods: 
>
>1) Sowing distrust in the US government. 

First of they don't even have to do that the US government already does tat amazingly without the Russians getting involved, in fact this whole witch hunt is doing more damage than the Russians could ever have done. 

>2) Widely publishing fake and false information on social media to create divisions in society, incite violence, spread falsehoods about Clinton, and influence decisions (also known as “information warfare” or “psychological operations”).

Wow nice dnc/dccc talking points but their FAKE NEWS and ADD CAMPAIGNS were pathetically small like maybe 300thousand max and that's nothing compared to even candidates as small as Ben Carson campaign adds. BTW a small add campaign is usually in the hundreds of millions the Hilary campaign was probably in the thousands of millions of views 

>3) Purchase influence in the GOP and GOP fundraisers like the NRA. 

Yeah no a couple grand here and there is literally pennies compared to what all other superpacs were spending Russia is broke as hell and have no guarantees that any of that money would do a damn thing especially when they are consistently out gunned monetarily

>4) Hacked the DNC email servers to selectively and strategically leak messages designed to make Clinton appear to be less suitable. Leaked emails were timed to deflect and soften damaging Trump stories (Access Hollywood) is an example. 

First off let's assume for arguments sake Russian agents actually hacked the "dnc" server(Hillarys private server/podestas email) what did they "selectively" release? Was any of it false? (don't bother answering that.) no it wasn't it was however work emails from Hilarys server and podestas email that should have been on encrypted government servers and records kept but no it was hidden in a closet server that alone is a federal offense punishable by years in prison this isn't propaganda just facts if the Russians did anything they told us the truth about our government so don't deflect to the big bad Russians 

>5) Purchasing advertising space on social media to spread disinformation. 
>

Same as point 2 

>And more, but hopefully that’s enough to make a point. 

If anyone is to blame for trump winning its these center-right leaning democrats who trample over what the people want by actually rigging their primary and expecting us Americans to roll over like a trained dog and elect the person who just screwed us. Now they are tearing this country apart not the Russians 

Tldr everything you said is inaccurate or just outright incorrect.

What was that point
$C: State test for reading and comprehension I test in the top 1% in the city in high school. Also passing all 5 of the state mandated tests in Ohio the first try as well. ACT score for reading individually was 21 and my overall score was 30.

I read terribly. 
$C: No doubt, and I do agree that he is completely distancing himself from it.
But lets play this out in a rational hypothesis  from the part where he acknowledges all of this. 
What happens to the general population's mindset?
How many will start screaming invalid election?
How many will buy into media spin on the situation.
The cons outway the pros one has to think from his angle. So ignoring is the lesser of all evils, in the framework that it can have unforseen ramifications to stature.
$C: Maybe I am just new to digesting politics, but from the outside looking in. The major mouthpieces/bullhorns
seem incredibly one sided. I don't think that is entirely healthy. Do you?
$C: Didn't say that. Those responsible for a crime should be tried in court and the evidence for their involvement should be made public. 

But lost in all of this is the content of the emails which showed a constant and habitual disregard for the will of the voters by DNC officials and a clear bias towards Clinton, which is what ultimately cost them the election. So that too needs to be acknowledged and talked about because it's the most important part of all this. 
$C: Well, you're half right. We see that there's concern over those buttery mails, but we don't view it as valid. Given the extensive FBI investigation*S* into them. 


On another note, Russian hacking and influence on our election went much further than revealing secret information. [Here's a video that covers a lot of the social media aspect](https://www.c-span.org/video/?436454-1/facebook-google-twitter-executives-testify-russia-election-ads) with congress questioning different social media representatives about the ordeal. 
$C: No. We always need poppies for opiates. I’m talking Korea, China, Japan, Africa, and Russia. 
$C: Yeah, “excuse.”
$C: No.. I’m pretty sure I knew she was going to be my last choice no matter what as soon as she announced her candidacy.
$C: Okay dork. 
$C: ..by his logic, geting voted is stealing, an manipulating the votes with help of Russia is winning. Thats your typical Trump supporter here
$C: It's not stealing an election, it's taking it away from the true party favorite in favor of the established insider.

I saw the same thing happen with Ron Paul, poor Bernie got the shaft. But it's all political theater anyway. Certain evil individuals and groups realized that if the people felt "free", they could go around and rule over the top of them without resistance. Plus, incremental removal of freedom (we are talking over generations, not years/political cycles) works much easier, since you can raise an entire generation through certain strategies to hate certain freedoms. It's easier to manipulate fresh minds than to reform old ones with history. 

Just remember though, Trump got over 90% coverage on all MSM channels during the election, even before he was selected by the RNC. There is a Podesta e-mail saying that he was a candidate for "Pied Piper", ( a person who induces others to follow or imitate him or her, especially by means of false or extravagant promises. ), so either he was supposed to win or was being setup to lose. That's for you to decide. 
$C: Sheep? Coming from morons eating every piece of media they see?
$C: How does one hack an election to a representative republic? I guess you would have to infiltrate the electoral college, right? Or do we still think voter fraud matters at this point?

If hacking includes placing ads on Facebook and the likes to manipulate the voter base, what about the bias pushed through the MSM, right or left? Does that not count?
$C: Yes hence why I'm from Australia...
$C: Oh honey, we're already there. He's just making it worse.
$C: I know, incredibly unfortunate. 
$C: Have you not been paying attention to the evidence that was presented or lack there of?
$C: That's the funniest thing I've ever heard. 
$C: What? Do you not remember the whole "russsia is gonna collude" then obama saying "no sane person thinks russia will collude and that trump should stop whining"? Trump was laughed at, turns out once again he was dead on.

Edit: meddling not collusion** my bad.
$C: That was people buying them of their own free will lmao you think they were handing them out for free on every corner? How much fuck trump shit did you see, was Russia behind that too? Everyone always cries about election year not wanting either sides, how old are you? All that stuff is very basic and happens every four years, get educated 
$C: Thanks
$C: If there was actual proof of Trump colluding with them then yea but so far it's been all Russia, which isn't new news lol and I'm not really a proponent for pissing them off and starting world war 3. It's over, dems lost thanks to their own emails and they can bitch and moan about how they got leaked til they're blue in the face but until they acknowledge they're at least partially responsible for Trump getting elected then it's just going to be more of the same.
$C: Not very silent or prophetic. I'm disappointed
$C: That would be great, who would be next in line?
$C: Oh I just assumed that the "meddling" was them directly changing votes or something. Guess I should have read it first. Nevermind then. 
$C: OK, Let me clear some things up...

The assumption I was taking that the POTUS would of know of Russian interference definitely is not a hard stance to take. Infact after quick [research](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/national-intelligence-director-hackers-have-tried-to-spy-on-2016-presidential-campaigns/2016/05/18/2b1745c0-1d0d-11e6-b6e0-c53b7ef63b45_story.html?utm_term=.8638503a62f1)  I found my assumption to be correct. The first public announcement was mad by the Director of National Security at the time James R Clapper Jr as early as May 2016, 7 months before the election. However I did fail to find a statement that said it was by direct orders from Putin but that's besides the fact; if there is any interference by any country wether or not endorsed by there president imidiate hard action should be taken! 

Scratch what I said earlier about Obama not knowing that the instructions came straight from Putin. I did a little more research [here](https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/2017/world/national-security/obama-putin-election-hacking/?utm_term=.d6e593d0b5bf) which clearly states he learned about it in August 2016, 4 months before the election. After looking at [this post by the Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/2017/world/national-security/russia-hacking-timeline/?utm_term=.4a86400c3b40) makes it clear that the only action took by the Obama administration werent concrete. They only threatened and talked to Russia, who obviously denied any accusations. There were several times were Secretary of State John Kelly tried to get the white House to confront Russia, but Obama and others shot it down or said "Not Now". It's clear that they feared that any interference to make sure the election is untampered with may make it seem to the public that the white House is biased. After all they had no reason to act because they thought Clinton was going to win no matter what...

Finally after that, the Obama administration realized it's mistake and took some action. 

Now my problem with this article is that it paint pre election Trump as the bad guy. However it was Obama's job to take care of the election as the current president. But the left always will paint Trump in Abad light and Obama in a good one whenever possible. The argument that the election interference is Trump's fault is immature and not backed up (especially since 2 years after and no proof has been released that shows Trump collided with Russia.) Two things are true about Russia and the election. One, they did interfere, and two, Trump didn't collud, and the fact that they interfered was not his fault.

Should Trump acknowledge that the interference happened? Yes? Was the recent Putin/Trump conference an embarrassment twords his career? Yes! Let's just hope that Tump does better then Obama did in this next election.

EDIT: Grammar
$C: What did he do? Days before the election he assured the American people not to worry about the Russians. I may have missed it though. 
$C: > the question is what the president knew and when he knew it.

So say even hypothetically he knew they were trying to help him when he was a candidate, and not at his instruction, does he have the ability to stop them?

Is someone helping you that you're not instructing to help a crime?

If the Government of Mexico decided to back a Democratic candidate, does that make the Democrat responsible for colluding with Mexico and impeachable?
$C: Which is what? That you want to remove the president because a foreign government might have tried to change the opinion of voters?
$C: Likely. 
$C: I wrote it because I thought it was funny. Reddit doesn't seem to agree.
$C: Am I wrong?
$C: [deleted]
$C: Please tell me why he should trust our intelligence agencies that have been full of political bias/corruption. Waiting on Muller bring forward his evidence that Russian government had any sway in the election. THE PROPLE’s VOICES WERE HEARD. GET THE FUCK OVER IT. go as Bernie who rigs elections hahahaha 
$C: Just fuckin sick of reading the same shit every day. Trump this Trump that. You people are fuckin obsessed over the guy. Dissecting every word he's ever said, or has been said to him. It's borderline insanity at this point. 
$C: Sounds like he didn't do enough. 
$C: I refuse to pretend to fully(or ever partially) comprehend sanctions and how they work. So my reddit brother, I can't have this argument with clarity and sound with you. 
$C: Not in the slightest.

All politicians, business people and people alike, lie for their benefit. Religions, races, countries.

Everyone lies to their people to get what they need. "for what is best for theor country" 
$C: > an obvious Russian proxy

Can you even hear yourself? I have yet to see a *single* shred of evidence to back up this wild conspiracy of the MSM/CIA (which at this point might as well be the same thing) other than some Facebook ads purchased by Russia which were in support of *both* candidates and some hacked DNC emails (still no proof that it was Russia because they won’t hand over their server for forensic examination) which showed the public what their politicians *really* think for the first time.

What I have seen is the undermining of a democratically elected president for the past year and a half, we’ve seen worrying evidence that the previous administration used a FAKE dossier to justify spying on a political adversary in the run up to the election, we’ve seen evidence that Hillary sold 1/5 if our Uranium production to Russia as sec state, we’ve seen senior FBI officials handling the investigation send texts from their official work phones stating that ‘they’ll stop’ candidate trump from winning, this isn’t some unverified ‘sources say’ bullshit like this article; there is actual evidence that you can go look at or watch (Peter Strzok testimony in front of congress) but for some reason the MSM doesn’t really want to cover this... really gets the noggin tickin’ 🤔 
$C: Then WHAT the fuck was her platform then!??????? do u even remember anything from it? oh, other than her wanting to Bomb Iran as part of her plans for other counties.  
$C: You conspiracy theories... If I had a nickel for everytime I heard "what they did" I'd be a millionare all over again. It's embarrassing and you're embarrassing. What is it exactly that they did? You can't prove exactly what they did and nor can anyone else. It's a hunch. It's all vague and please don't say cover up. If I have to hear cover up or collusion again then maybe that'll get Trump impeached. By the way why hasn't he been impeached by now? Geeee hmmmm take your immature emotions out of all of this and then maybe you might slowly start to feel sane again. Hillary lost, it's over been over for a while. Start supporting your president, economic growth every quarter since he took office. Trump has put in some work getting us out of Obama doubling the national debt.... Let's go back to Obama guys!! Hahaha haha!! 
$C: ok bud 
$C: [deleted]
$C: Trump IS a small issue. Congress and campaign financing is the biggest issue that no one focuses on. US just passed 100 billion MORE for military spending. When congress has wasted trillions of our tax dollars, divided the country, and stuffed their pockets at our expense and yall want to act like Trump and Putin touching dicks through Facebook is the biggest news since 9/11.

I understand it is still an issue, but compared to the shit that is actually screwing us, gimmie a break. 
$C: You laugh, but actually you are just bitter and sad and feel empowered by the other crybabies.

I am not even for Trump, but the US is a big mess since his election. Everybody just screams murder but nothing happens. I guess the people who say they want to make a difference only talk the talk, but they do not walk the walk.

The two party system in the US is utter bullshit and everybody knows it, so why do you take it? Why not rise up against it. Both the Democraric and Republican parties are up for sale for the highest bidder.

My point is stop lingering in the 16’s and start making progress by actually doing something instead of feeling entitled that the elite should propose to you who to vote for.
$C: He only asked a question.
$C: We found the TD user. Go back and circle jerk about immigrants in your feedback loop of Russian trolls and stupid racists. 
$C: I don't care if he did or didn't say anything, I'm more concerned that he didn't investigate it, didn't try to stop it. That's what really matters right? If trump was being propped up by Russia, and we knew about it, why weren't we investigating it before he was elected?
$C: Preventing election tampering is considered election tampering? 

Edit: actual source, not a "fact check"
https://youtu.be/FeoarlAS50M

Be careful who you trust
$C: [removed]
$C: Trump is more of a puppet to Israel than Russia. How is he a puppet of Russo when he places two sets of sanctions on them? 
$C: Russia hacked me bro. Obviously. I got a classified document from 30 sources right here. unfortunately I can't declassify it because of national security. You understand.
$C: Bud, that's litterally what Hilary wanted from the get-go...
$C: Nothing here says he did that, only that he knew of them doing a cyber attack after he was already elected.
$C: I take pride in pointing out the absolute stupidity of the human race, tyvm.
$C: so they've committed treason.
$C: Yeah its probably like Nixon i don't believe he was directly involved with watergate but the coverup got him. I just cant wait to know most of the big picture.
$C: Kinda my point. I mean, I'm sure Obama was given the same classified information seeing that he was the president at the time. 
$C: It's all they have.  It was all they ever had.
$C: [removed]
$C: LOL yea? Go ahead and peek at this! https://youtu.be/VqO8yoxQwCA
$C: No.2 weeks before inauguration.That means that Trump was President-Elect.He was not President yet.Obama was still President.Why didn't obama do anything?
$C: Link plz
$C: Learn to read. That's not concrete evidence, this is hearsay. We are supposed to believe them on their word? They can't even produce a document that supports their claim? And who are those guys? They don't even give their names to protect the sources.

There are dozens of similar smear articles on Trump that start with "sources say..." that never produce eveidence beyond that.

$C: Dw bro they'll find the Russian collusion soon.  Some intelligence official said it happened, they've never been wrong before LUL 
$C: Please check out Ron Paul, great honest man. Neither Republican or Democrat speaking truth. Much love.
https://youtu.be/MtGTosISMeA
$C: How so? I'm not American so I'm coming from an outsider perspective. If people didn't vote for Hillary because they read Hillary's emails and either stayed home or voted trump it means that having more information lead them to believe that Hillary wasn't for them. Doesn't matter how terrible trump is. 
$C: I read it like 3 times before I realized it wasn't satire.
$C: Well if that was his intention then it had the opposite impact. I voted for Obama in the first election.... Then after 3 years realized he was over his head....On just about every level. Not ready to call him incompetent, but never lived up to expectations. Actually disappointed. He never believed or acted on ANYTHING before the election. That makes him a sleepy lame duck. He could have been great, but history will record him as a dope.
$C: Just the opposite....Obama was sleeping.....As was the FBI.  
$C: https://www.nationalreview.com/2018/05/trump-campaign-spying-obama-administration-investigation/
$C: Tell me a president that never did?
$C: [deleted]
$C: Prove it.
$C: Brennan is your evidence? Okay. 
$C: That was a worse joke than Amy Schumer's career.
$C: Trump does have a sexy ass ... though its funny how all the x-intelligence agencies including communist voting Brennan are scrambling on #fakenews channels to attack him ... #walkaway its not too late ...I know I did ... happy pink pussy hat day to you lady ... 
$C: Take what? 
$C: This has been a subject since his election and nothing has come of it.
$C: Are you attempting to make some counter-point to my post?

On a lighter note, you’ve got the roll of reactionary liberal down pat. Don’t change a thing. A few more TDS symptoms would be gold, on second thought. But most importantly, completely avoid talking about any “facts” or “evidence.” They’ll only hurt your feelings.
$C: Weapons. Of. Mass. Destruction.

You want to let these guys start another war?

Prove to me that President Donald J. Trump is not a smart man. Give me an example.

The “stupid” things he’s done so far have brought back economic power, brought peace to Korea, lowered unemployment for black men to numbers not seen since they started keeping records…

But I’m sure you’ve got tons of awesome info for me, so I’ll stop typing and listen.

PS: the deep state is only a conspiracy if you’re not paying close attention.
$C: [deleted]
$C: [deleted]
$C: https://youtu.be/bo_KO0-TIYM
$C: The exact reaction I was expecting from you.

It’s hard for me to reply because the frontpage is filled with fascists that report every comment made that doesn’t perfectly align with theirs. It’s a circle jerk. 

And by the way, Obama never brought hope and change, you know...what he campaigned on. Why would i think he would save me? Or do anything positively constructive? 

Remember when he said an election couldn’t be swayed because it was a state-to-state operation? He scoffed at the notion.

Pepperidge Farms remembers. 

https://youtu.be/UXpRswM-tzc

$C: That’s how they are. They say trump was gonna fix Obama’s mess, then they say trump shouldn’t have to clean up anything. They call obama corrupt then they compare trump to him any chance they get. They’re clowns 
$C: And saying he believed Putin who he was told was directly responsible. 
$C: What was the mis/disinformation?
$C: Okay apparently James Clapper wasn't the head of the CIA division called the National Imagery and Mapping Agency in 2003 and he also didn't say "..large amount of truck activity near the Syria-Iraq border. Possibly containing materials related to WMD's."

I must have fucking imagined that. And this beautiful gem below as well. Must be my imagination.

The NSA does not record data on private citizens.
-James clapper.
$C: Seth Rich? Can you rule out a DNC insider for the leaks? The hacks are a different question. I mean would YOU use a Russian IP if you were a Russian hacking a US server?
$C: [deleted]
$C: Well its obvious, the left getting desperate, and slowly realizing nothing is gonna happen and trump will sit his term and most likely be reelected if the dems doesnt come forward with a similar nominee not driven by emotions but with actual policies. Im not on either side but shit is getting ridiciolus at this point.
$C: interesting
$C: The subject of Obama set the precedent.  This is how judges operate, on legal precedent.  So the argument of "Obama was caught red handed colluding and nobody cared" is a valid defense.

But I guess rather than making a logical argument you could just act all snarky and stuff... that's sure to convince people to see your point of view.
$C: [removed]
$C: The presidents that we now glorify in our history books also promoted foreign interests in an attempt to cover up the truth. One of the most notorious being Reagan’s Iran-Contra Affair. 

A primary purpose of the presidential role is to make nice to the countries that could make our lives miserable if they’re not on our side. Trump’s a bad person, but he’s not an idiot. Because of his actions, the U.S. now has a better relationship with one of the other world superpowers than we’ve had in decades. It’s not treason. It’s not personal. It’s just good business.
$C: Sauce?
$C: Why? If they used influence to spread propaganda and disinformation, theyre no different from Isreal (Mosssad) or China, among others. Why should I care about pro-russian propaganda being spread on the internet during the election? Is that supposed to be taken as a threat? Is this the red scare again? Like I said, unless there was actual manipulation of the votes, this is all just falls into line with the ancient Russian boogeyman narrative the neocons and neoliberals latch on to like its their life force. What about the millions of dollars Saudi Arabia gives to the clintons? How about those times Hillary personally met with Comey and Lynch in private during her investigation during her campaigning? Thats like the defense privately meeting with the persecution during a trial, utterly mad. No one was outraged then. God forbid. 

So far the main accusation Im seeing in this article is that russia took DNC emails and was gonna leak them to wikileaks. Thats controlled information/disinformation, but thats not as much of a big deal as actual voter fraud. This kind of stuff is just business as usual for the state. Its just that, now, they can use whats present as an excuse to disparage Trump, whereas, in other administrations, these kind of tactics may be favored and unspoken of. 
$C: "Whataboutism"... In other words... "You've made a valid point and i don't have an intelligent retort"
$C: Exactly my point
$C: Did Trump Jr meet with anyone from Russia?
$C: No it isn't. 

Not even remotely. 

Read the constitution. It specifically says what is and is not treason. 


$C: i'm not, i answered to everyone replying to me by editing my original comment
$C: they only care because they are butthurt because they lost an election and the media keeps pumping this story over and over and over again, clearly they should learn to lose
$C: Globalists are not patriots, they are the real traitors, Trump is not the best, but he sure as hell ain't as bad for the "Country" as the alternatives...
$C: The top intelligence already knew, they told him so they shouldve done something
$C: I think it's amusing that the 'he' in your statement could be interpreted as either Obama or Trump.
$C: Don't mind him. He's a TD user.
$C: Really? Wasn't he all sweet to Kim not so long ago? 

And if he says nice things about Putin, does that prove Russia guilty of anything? 
$C: What are you talking about? WW3 is going to happen anyway. This election only postponed a tragedy. The main reason to start a war is debt of the country. It's only the matter of time
$C: Come on dude, that's a very poor attempt at gaslighting. We all know what was [released](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2016_Democratic_National_Committee_email_leak#Debbie_Wasserman_Schultz's_emails) and what it said about Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton.
$C: so as with everything Obama did he was not swift or conclusive in his response...he has a habit of not making a decision and doing...leading from behind again I see
$C: Nobody held Obama to any standard that was the problem
$C: Yeah he just did nothing lol
$C: Regardless of what I have to say, I’m not sure 90% of /world news posts should be about “what trump said today” for the next three years. 
$C: The soviet union is D E A D.

Its been dead for what, 27 years? Thats more than half of the duration of the cold war, and yet american cinematography has failed to deliver even a single realistic depiction of Russians. Not even ONCE.

Fucking John Wick goes around an entire movie ruthlessly killing russians because of a pooch and a car. Somehow nobody is bothered by that, and no, its not because they are allegedly gangsters, its doesnt light a red bulb in your head because they are russian, because killing russians to you, subconciously, is ok. They arent people with families, parents and children. No, to you they are evil red and bloodthirsty animals. You did the same to arabs when W needed legitimation to murder a few of those to regulate the oil market.
$C: Remind yourself that the next time you order tickets to the next "muh evil russians" flick, buy the next CoD game or buy a book by the followers of Tom Clancy cult. Fuck me, CoD MW2, the most sucessful game in the series has a scene where the player massacres an airport of russian civillians to further the plot.
$C: [removed]
$C: So it was Russia who make people vote for trump? 

You people are unbelievable.
$C: Treason for what exactly? There's nothing from the Left that explains anything other than using "sway" and it just moves from reason to "impeachment" and now "treason".

I'd really like to know how facebook and twitter posts from a few dozen bots and a few hundred K in money somehow swayed over 100 million voters...  And again, this is all coming from the Left who has 0 evidence... if we have ACTUAL evidence, we wouldn't be discussing this now.

How can DJT be treasonous against the USA given his MAGA platform? If we apply that logic then Obama, Clinton, Bush, etc were all traitors to the flag. Is getting a blowjob in the oval not Treason? Is giving billions to Iran not treason? How about letting the NSA collect and record literally every phone call and email sent?  


 He is literally the walking embodiment of the American Dream. It's truly ridiculous that a president who wants tougher borders, more jobs for AMERICANS, and to bring back "Americana" is somehow treasonous because Putin may have ordered "cyberattacks" to "sway" an entire election.... Definition of Treason: " the crime of betraying one's country, especially by attempting to kill the sovereign or overthrow the government. ". So yes, obviously NOT Trump. 

The more you break it down, the more ridiculous the claims become. #RESIST movement are gripping at straws, and now its led to people turning off MSM and leaving the democratic party in droves. They are truly screwed for November as this is their last "card" left to play. Treason as a reason for Impeachment...  

$C: Show me the evidence for that. It was my understanding that black and Hispanic unemployment was at a historic low. It was my understanding that hundreds of billions had been added to your Stock market. Factories are once again being relocated to America. Is this not true? I think you're in denial mate. Will it be he Russians when he gets re-elected as well? 
$C: That's what all of you idiots are programmed to say. Did you actually read the article?
$C: But people knew about it before his inaugaration 

Seems like the States has a lot more traitors in higher positions. 
$C: Bollucks.  I'm an idiot.  Point stands that if it was so classified it wouldnt be released now weather its 6 or 18 months later.  
$C: Considering Hillary committed the illegal acts by having a private server with all this information, including confidential information, I'm wondering why no one is calling for her head for her unbelievable negligence that allowed all this to happen. And no I don't approve of it just because it helped my side, but I do think it's kind of hilarious that the Democrats are acting as if this the first time this has ever happened. And the very worst offender is China, not Russia.
$C: That's because you believe the Russians hacked it. Which could have easily been proven had  the Democrats turned over the server in question. Kind of odd they refused to do that. Even John podesta said in those very same emails that a leaker had been found and was going to be dealt with. 
$C: No one on this site will ever believe me but I don't support either side.  I'm independent and firmly against being bullshitted.  The only time I will pick a side is when it feels clear to me that someone has a hidden agenda and they're using advertising/propaganda to try and make you believe their point.   
  
The news from the past 2 years has easily been the strangest things I have ever seen, even outside of Reddit.  We were lied to by pollsters, we were lied to by talking heads, we were told what to think and how to think about it before even being told what was going on.   
  
I regularly see the political posts.  How are all these people claiming to know things that they can't possibly have access to?  Are all these poster high up officials that have been given further clearance than myself?  Were these people the same ones convinced that Hillary was going to win?  If they were wrong then, then I can't just blindly place my faith in them now.  What changed with their process to ensure they weren't wrong again?   
  
Nothing changed.  We're in a 24 hour news cycle of being told how to think about things.  Its infuriating.  Just tell me what bills he's signing and what all is involved.  Sum it up but keep your opinion out of it.   
  
I don't justify anything, I have nothing to justify.  I don't like him lying, but I don't like being told what to think by various media as well.  I don't deal with trump day to day, but I do interact with the media every single day.  If they're discussing this, what aren't they discussing?  
Why are we discussing it rather than just having congress press charges?  Whats the goal in garnering public opinion here?  Is it to further sway elections?  Thats fine and fair game but the media we have grown up with keeps losing integrity by the day.  We just need something to come out thats actually concrete and we can get back on the same page and move on.  
  
If not, we're just going to keep hearing "Left vs Right" opinions until it isn't worth it to do so anymore.  Investigations take time, but my god is it going to take a full 8 years of investigating?  
  
At what point to we actually get to talk about issues like AI, healthcare, and the income gap again?  
America spends more on defense by multiple factors and has for every year for as long as we have all lived. I really can't believe working with Russia rather than living in the cold war is a bad thing.   
  
Then, holy shit.  I've been told this since I was 10.  "Keep your friends close, enemies closer."   
$C: Once the cia gets this information they should give it to congress and congress can handle. The cia acts like a branch of government making their own releases, doing their own investigation. Its become like its own congress.

And the super secret putin source sounds like an onion 'area man'. Well see how this plays out.
$C: Possibly. My statement may have been premature.
$C: Once the cia gets this information they should give it to congress and congress can handle. The cia acts like a branch of government making their own releases, doing their own investigation. Its become like its own congress.
$C: Agreed as to the second point to a point. Once the cia gets this information they should give it to congress and congress can handle. The cia acts like a branch of government making their own releases, doing their own investigation. Its become like its own congress.

Agreed as to Mueller. Premature to state that.
$C: >that's as if Trump shot Hillary Clinton during a debate and claiming the only reason it's reported is for the benefit of the Democratic party.

That's not an accurate comparison. What the Russians allegedly did was something *anyone* could have done. Lying on the internet is a staple of internet culture. Anyone who believed the lies about Hillary Clinton would not have voted for her anyways.

Democrats shit the bed by ignoring a few key states during their campaign. Russia is just a scapegoat they're using to avoid any criticism. They realize most of their ideas (abolishing ICE, open borders, chain migration, obstruction) are all very unpopular and they can't win on them. What's more, they know the odds are stacked against them come midterms. So painting the Trump/GOP as traitors is literally their only shot at gaining higher turnout and hopefully gaining a majority.

It's extremely obvious that Democrats want this investigation to continue **as long as possible**. They don't want it to end, ever. They're going to milk this "collusion" narrative for as long as it takes until they take back government control. 
$C: Democrat rule is over. We're no longer on the path towards Idiocracy. 
$C: Yeah I’m a bot for sure you absolutely couldn’t just go look at my list history or how long I’ve been on Reddit and see definitively that isn’t true. But just like everything else you do you can’t go get the facts for yourself you absolutely need someone to dig up the “facts” for you. 

You do know it’s been Proven the dossier is a fake right? Like that’s a known fact. 

Edit: For everyone too lazy to do your own research this took me five seconds to find. 

https://www.investors.com/politics/editorials/memo-fbi-used-tainted-steele-dossier-paid-for-by-hillary-clinton-as-reason-to-spy-on-trump/
$C: I see three articles from over a year ago. They’ve been screaming Collusion since day one. And so far they have nothing on Trump. You whiny libs have been screaming impeach trump since day one. Don’t you think if they had a real reason to impeach they would have? They have NOTHING. 
$C: Why do you liberals always say “sucking c*ck” as an insult? I thought you guys loved gay people.
$C: Truth
$C: Obama didn't need Congressional approval to enact defensive measures against hacking. He was the president and was in charge of the military, FBI and the entire IC. Besides, Obama himself downplayed the hacking in public.

This whole thing is nothing but sour grapes from the Dems.
$C: It was also reported that the Obama administration knew about Russian interference but did fuck all to stop it until or was too late 
$C: [Obama knew](https://www.google.de/amp/s/www.nytimes.com/2017/06/21/us/politics/jeh-johnson-testimony-russian-election-hacking.amp.html) but didn't do anything to stop it because he thought his precious Hillary would win
$C: they don't have to be especially rich, and successful. I didn't claim that anyone who wants to immigrate from a place such as Norway is rich. They're just more rich than Africans. they just shouldn't be completely unskilled, and they should at least have a pot to piss in. That'd be a start. Even if you aren't going to get wealthy people to show up, just make sure that the crowd flocking in is on average better than the current trend. Even if you up the average on a smaller scale. There shouldn't have to be a MINIMUM of immigrants you have to take in. lets say for argument's sake that 90% of them are from shithole countries, and 10% aren't. Just take in less of the former, and you don't have to entirely compensate with an increase of the latter. 
$C: Sure, by all means, but when you have Obama spy on a presidential front runner, doesn't look good. Hell, I'm not even American and am looking into your political system, and it's fucked as all hell. Totally corrupt on both sides. 
$C: OK there Hillary.
$C: Thank you for your service. 
$C: Link me one piece of substantial, verifiable evidence.
$C: No. Howaboutism. How about you people fucking wake up, thinking politicians run the show. Just happy that you get to live out your lives as cogs. 
$C: Hahahaha the chef has been there since before the world wars and this cumrag tells me "hurr durr read articles it's been building up in the last 2 years"

Last 2 fucking years dude that's a reality show just to keep the masses at bay, to distract them from the real problems (which, incidentally, you don't even know exist, that's how much of a good little drone you are). In 2008, we blamed the governments and the businessmen of wall street. https://youtu.be/mQUhJTxK5mA here's a video you will probably ignore because you prefer not thinking about complicated things

Wow

What about the last 300? Tell me, what's the main reason behind most bullshit in the world? Wars, poverty, slavery, sociopolitical shenanigans, etc etc. 
$C: Actually, I understand all too well, unfortunately.
$C: He's not. 

https://imgur.com/a/RtR9Ssg
$C: popular vote doesn't mean shit. most americans DIDN'T vote and for those who did, more people in more states voted for him. Having a higher total thanks to 2 states having tons of people is the exact reason why the electoral college exists. So those 2 states don't have more power than all the states between them. 
$C: That America still exists and yearns for their protection , hoping the immigration stops and so on.
$C: OFC I'm a troll because Im against the fuckin Clintons that have blood of Millions on their hands...

I live in Austria and have a GREAT country to live in not like you, Eating Gen. Modified food while getting shot at school. Have fun with your 5 and 6th limb.
$C: history. 
$C: The irony.
$C: No they don't. DNC has never provided our government with them. They supposedly sent them to a third party which is funded by the DNC. Our government hasn't inspected them.

Try again.
$C: I mean other magazines
$C: Faor enough 
$C: What's sad is that we all know the answer to those questions, but supposedly rational people ignore the facts to be drawn from them.
$C: Great civil discussion. 10/10 you changed my mind. 
$C: Thanks, you totally just converted me from an independent to a Democrat! Amazing!
$C: dont bother, dude. its a russian troll.
$C: If I actually cared (and I don't), I'd do better by keeping to the content of the post, which in this case, seems to be a mind-blowing revelation and highlights the absurd horror of the Trump administration. Unfortunately, I cannot read the post, as I'd have to pay for the privilege. I'll check it out at the library later. But that's only if I kept on topic, which I didn't.

Also, I do actually think it's really cool that there's now 67 Redditors that have gilded this post. Give me hope for the future.

Edit: 68 Redditors!  
Edit: 69 Redditors! Giggity!  
Edit: 70 Redditors!  
Edit: 71 Redditors!  
Edit: 72 Redditors! That's 6 years' worth!  
Edit: 73 Redditors!  
Edit: 74 Redditors!  
Final Edit: 75 Redditors!
$C: But then I don't get more! How am I supposed to get down votes if I don't complain about them? Shit-post? I still have my pride!

^I ^don't. ^I ^don't ^still ^have ^my ^pride.
$C: :/
$C: I hit the sweet spot of yours already. No sweat.
$C: You mean like when they said wmd’s in Iraq and when they said they don’t spy on Americans, think a little bit.
$C: Watch out for this shit. Now that Trump's actions can no longer be defended, the new talking point seems to be that there's no point in voting or that you should vote third party. 
$C: It's difficult to derail a democracy **if there is no legitimate democracy,** and people are too busy participating in the scripted outrage the media has prepared for them to realize what's going on.
$C: how am I delusional? i'm completely right in what I wrote. I think you're the troll. I mean your name is iownyourdate .. you are obviously a troll. bad karma to you.
$C: What's sad is all you people who believe every stupid thing your hear no matter how ridiculous. All you people have all this hatred for Trump for absolutely no reason. I didn't even vote for the guy but he's in there, doing his best for his people and all you morons do is put him down and cry over nothing all the time. Nobody ever has any actual reasons why he should be impeached or why he is a bad president or whatever.. just a bunch of crying for no reason.
$C: Dude dont waste your time on this loser. He basically ended his comment with 'well if a foriegn despot did hack our elections it was in my favour so who cares.'
$C: Then why didn’t they release info? Only now it’s released and Obama is quiet and Hillary is quiet.
$C: I imagine it's the same feeling as being on PeopleOfWalmart
$C: You were saying the same things about the dissenters of the Iraq war.

The stupidity is on you for believing everything your government and their media mouthpieces tell you. 
$C: No. It’s Patrick. 
$C: Hmmmmmmmm

Your ex *may* have cheated.... She gave you the ole donald-a-roo.

*hhhhhmmmmmming* **intensifies**
$C: I meant to say I *would* cheat on you.
$C: The same logic would be: Somebody has cheated - it is a fact and there are strong evidences - hence it was not me - your ex -  because I am so good at cheating that I leave no pieces of evidence...

The logic is that when Putin orders cyberattacks, the USA are clueless about them happening. Hence, it was probably another supreme ruler who messed with the elections. 
 

$C: I see we dated the same bag of crazy 
$C: And then you get blamed for NOT catching them- after you did.  Just like the DNC.  Their fault someone stole from them.  But the RNC was infiltrated too. 
$C: Jokes on her, I never gave up on the Ghostbusters. Not the more well known ones, not the well known 80's ones, not the Hanna Barbera ones, the "real" ones, not the 90's extreme ones, not the video game ones that should have been the third movie and not even the somewhat cringey but overall "meh, good enough if you turn your brain off" 2016 one.
$C: Not really on topic, but I hope you're doing well with your ghostbuster addiction. 
$C: Radiohead + 80s nostalgia? Nice username.
$C: she could have, I mean there are alot of people out there
$C: Didn't see, it didn't happen. Story of millions of happy couple lives.
$C: I mean. The logic is there.

If this thing happened, we wouldn't know. Therefore since we "know" it happened, it couldn't have happened because if it did, we wouldn't know.

It doesn't sound like it makes sense but it could.
$C: Your honor, I would like to call to the stand Sergei Skirpal.
$C: I'm a criminal defense lawyer and I make this joke all the time but no one ever gets it. Haha. 
$C: Actually a judge can change a jury's guilty verdict to not guilty if he concludes that there is no way a reasonable jury could find the defendant guilty.  
$C: So then by  hacking the Democrats “HRC” emails  sways all of America votes  And just because there is a newspaper article on it doesn’t mean there’s actual fucking proof dude So send and post all the articles you want because that’s still not fucking proof.  we’re talking evidence not just fucking newspaper articles Which are owned by the fucking deep state/nwo
$C: donnie moscow, probably snitched  him out to putin...
$C: but I'm not trying to employ a tactic.  I don't trust our government.  If you want me on your team, or a lot of skeptical Americans, you're going to have to do better than give us your word.
$C: No one said Putin was a genius.  Trump, largest Defense Budget in peacetime.  Modernizing nuclear weapons including small tactical nukes. Goading publicly NATO countries to 75-100% increase defense.  Weapons to Ukraine and Baltics on Russian boarder.  With existing sanctions and pressure on Europe, choaking Russian economy .  

Putin should of gone with Hillary, could of gotten a Staples Reset Button, or a basket ball.

One thing so far, we don't have video of Trump, as President Obama did,  telling Putin, " I'll go easier on you after my reelection "
$C: Dems oppose universal citizen IDs, which would allow nation wide, same day voting.  Of course it would not allow non citizen voting, multiple same state voting, or voting absentee in multiple localities.   Wonder why, dems love permits, id's, licenses for everything else.

Both Kerry, Gore, Hillary and majority of Democrats supported Iraq,  Obama, against the advice of Joint Chiefs, and wishes of Iraq government, withdrew advisors, logistical  and elite units from Iraq.
Isis started in Iraq, in that vacume. President Obama said not to worry, they were just the JV.  
$C: That's exactly what it will be. But it follows a very common pattern. Any time there's an introduction of a revolutionary technology there are pitfalls. Misinformation is simply the downside of the internet revolution but before we as a society learned to understand and mitigate it. 

For example, you couldn't get into a 30mph+ accident before cars came along. Then you could. But even after that, there were decades where cars went well over 30mph and it was just accepted that a cars will have high speed accidents and kill people. It wasn't until the 1950ish that safety features were even thought about. Crumple zones, seat belts, collapsible steering columns. Then it took another 30 years until the 80s for it to be implimented as law into all vehicles.

Misinformation is the car crashes of the internet and we are at a time when we accept that access to information will naturally come with access to misinformation and scams. One day we will mitigate and regulate misinformation. The Trump era will be seen as a catalyst for that and our grandkids will look back and go "I can't believe they just let that happen back then."
$C: 'The early 21st century was a time of alternative information.'
$C: I'd have went with The Bronzer Age.
$C: WRONG. 
$C: Disinformation has been at the core of American politics since our founding fathers wrote "all men are created equal" and then gave the vote only to land owning men.
$C: I've heard "American Idiot" on the radio more and more this year. Each time it seems more true.
$C: The gaslighting age
$C: It's weaponized postmodernism. 

It's taking the idea of "think for yourself, don't believe everything the authorities tell you" - a good sentiment in reasonable amounts - and turning it into a dialing it up to a chaotic and dangerous degree. 

It's directing this weaponized idea at the foundations of Western Liberal Democracy: the independent media, the scientific community, the sanctity of elections, the idea of unbiased truth, the independence of the judiciary.

It's saying that ultimately the only thing that matters is what you want to believe and the strength and force to make it reality. It is, simply, a recipe for tribalism and civilizational collapse.
$C: That’s actually a cool ass name
$C: The Fake Age
$C: The bullshit age!
$C: Printing press shenanigans 2.0. 
$C: These times will get published in a future edition of “Lies My Teacher Told Me”
$C: The Age of Outrage

$C: Well all of you who were adverse to "Global Warming is a hoax" you are consistent - to those of you who accepted lying liars -- you made your bed now you sleep in it.
$C: Madeleine Albright's book 'Fascism: A Warning' is good read.  I don't normally read this stuff, but it gave me  context for the hyperactive news cycle.  It's even more disturbing now.
$C: Malformation
$C: They won't learn about the disinformation age because they'll change history 
$C: We’ll be lucky if we even have history class in the future 
$C: Closest I've ever come to giving someone gold.
$C: Америка 
$C: Finally, the knowledge of Russian territories I gained from Risk is paying off!
$C: You sound pretty ridiculous mate. Get spooked by the Red Dawn remake?
$C: Even that statement of his isn't a huge facepalm 
$C: I agree, our complacency and laziness in the face of this is an embarrassment to our history. The fact that each protest of this administration has basically devolved into a circlejerk of who is better at getting upset at trump and bitching about it on social media after an afternoon of yelling between crowds is pathetic. 

Mass protests in Armenia lead to change there, high youth turnout in the Malaysian election lead to a candidate that would've been unlikely to win otherwise, and a Park was impeached and imprisoned in Korea because of mass protests without martial law or military crackdown happening. 

But the best the United States can come up with is a few marches that have accomplished little more than allowing those taking part to pat each other on the back about how great they are. 
$C: Marching does no good when the election is rigged. That being said, I still do it. It keeps the hope alive
$C: The weirdest part is that technology is the most powerful tool in the world today, but most of the people in power have no idea how it works.
$C: yep. cant wait to read the history books/wikipedia articles in the future 
$C: The cyber age is the front of the third world war. We are a nation under attack. You may not see it or feel it but we and our allies are under attack from a hostile superpower and our top officials are not retaliating. 

We got cyber-nuked and are doing nothing in response.
$C: People are fucking stupid. This is nothing new.
$C: The cyber age of which literally everything is american.

CPU architectures (x86 and x64) - American - Intel/AMD

Literally every CPU, GPU, and Wi-Fi/RF chip in the world - American - Intel/AMD/Nvidia/Qualcomm

EDA software used to create said chips - American  - Cadence Design Systems

Operating systems which those chips interact with? - American - Microsoft

Programming Languages used to write those operating systems? - American - Apple, Oracle, IBM  
Internet browsers? - American - Google, Microsoft

Internet Domains? - American, Verisign

Networking Protocols? - American, Cisco, Juniper Networks

Networking Standards such as GSM, 5G, and TCP/IP? - American
$C: Perhaps, in the most ironic insults the universe could offer Trump, the far-reaching consequences of his impeachment/resignation would end up genuinely making America great again.
$C: At this point, it wouldn't even be surprising for that to be the title of a whole chapter on a history book. 
And we'll all look back at this and laugh at the flaws of primitive human technology as we bow to our newly elected AI overlords. 
$C: Thank god, I personally perfer to live in a non-Socialist/Communist Leftist shithole
$C: I believe things are already messed up enough after trump to say we're at a spot where we can't go back to the same kind of politics we've had up to this point. It's obvious that the system is due for a change. So perhaps the take over of the judicial branch would be the straw on the camels back that brings forth the necessary change to create a different system. Whether that's for better or for worse would definitely be another interesting part of history to live through.
$C: Power depends ultimately on physical force. By teaching people that violence is wrong (except, of course, when the system itself uses violence via the police or the military), the system maintains its monopoly on physical force and thus keeps all power in its own hands.
$C: How do you fight against a country led by a cheeto that controls the worlds biggest military force? 
I mean, yeah ideally you want to go out and vote for the right kind of people. But we just got shown by Russia exactly how flawed our electoral system really is. So what then? Rise up and create a second civil war within a nation that is trying to rid itself of weapons after repeated school shootings? Where most of the ones that are actually armed are the ones most likely to fight for the orange one instead of against him? 

How are you supposed to take a position of anything other than apathy when there is no realistic options? 

I believe the only thing that could really fully take the flaws away from a government is to take money away from it. To move away from the need of money entirely. If anything, after trump we'll all realize the flaws of a system based on money enough to move away from it. 

As great as capitalism is, it just doesn't compare to a free world that is responsibly ran on it's own economy based on natural resources. 
$C: “Because it’s what plants crave.” 
$C: Actually! I was relieved to hear the opposite recently with my cousins children’s school. The internet has all information so they spend a lot less time memorizing dates of events and things like that and more time learning critical thinking skills. It was really interesting to hear of the differences in their learning experiences versus mine. I cant speak for all schools of course, but the kids are gonna be alright I think. 
$C: You know what is crazy, here in India, we think you guys have a better education system that teaches critical thinking. And by you, it is generally a reference to European and North American countries. But the more I am on sites like reddit, the more I realize that the fundamental aspect of schooling remains teaching to pass in standardized tests. 

It is not very inspiring.
$C: Honestyl the probelm isn't with the way schools are run now, it's with how schools were run 30+ years ago.
$C: This is it. It is important, particularly in the information age, that Americans gain some media literacy.
$C: This president wasn't elected by millennials, he was elected by scared, middle aged, middle income America. 
$C: My wife is a high school teacher and she definitely tries to teach her kids how to think critically.   
$C: To be fair, the majority of voters are still baby boomers, and in a number of schools they didn't teach them anything at all.  All they needed to do to have a successful life was follow instructions assembling gadgets on a factory floor, remember.  


Teaching to the test is the dumbest education system, except for maybe what we had before that.
$C: This is not true. Most who voted for this were in school long before standardized testing.
$C: When I was a senior in hs in 97/98, we had a mandatory class called US Government. In that class, we learned the workings of our government, the national debt, etc.,  but we also spent a lot of time on the concept of factions and how they influence the information/news we receive. It taught us to be critical of where we were getting our information and how we processed it. Really great class and teacher (and it was her first year teaching!). 
$C: Really, that’s only one way of thinking about it. In opposition one could believe that although all information is readily available via internet at our fingertips, in this era we are unable to discern real information opposed to fiction, and that people that censor what information is released publicly control the way the masses think. 
$C: Logic and reasoning are as fundamental to the betterment of the human experience as any other subject taught in our schools.   These should be required programs that build on each other from primary school onward; alongside math, science, history, etc...
$C: Most useful subject I did in school was history, because it taught me at least some critical thinking.

It also taught me to be very apprehensive whenever a political leader claims to have all the answers.
$C: Critical thinking is emphasized in our schools... sure there are issues with the standardized tests, but that’s not all we do. Also I doubt the recent increase in test score focus, resulting from W Bush’s no child left behind, is the reason for trump getting elected.

 It’s a broad societal issue. Teachers hold far less sway than parents. Try to tell a kid that his parents wrong, and then have him listen to anything else you say. I can prove that your parents math is wrong, I can’t prove that their prejudice is wrong.
$C: I think this is false. In all the educational settings I’ve been in, they never taught just at a DOK level 1. Teachers were reviewed negatively if all they were teaching were “answers”. Even most of the EOC tests require a fair bit of analysis and explanation.

&nbsp;



I’d say the issue comes more from social factors like wanting to socially fit in and religious expectations. If schooling plays a big factor, it’s that we don’t have character education as much as we should. Sharing, empathy, taking responsibility, and being unbiased all come from having social maturity. Another factor is that we all are not getting the same news. The difference between what a conservative and progressive consume is the difference between night and day. It goes beyond bias, it’s like alternate universes. I think it’s just more complex than Americans Schools suck.
$C: I'm a teacher, and this just isn't true. Half of what I teach is critical thinking. I teach the content, and then I teach how to think critically to use that content in the right situations, with the appropriate context. 

In my opinion, selective media is to blame. So many people only watch the "news" that confirms what they already believe. Understanding the difference between real and biased news takes, critical thinking, so I partly agree with you, it's just that a lot of people can't be bothered to actually do it even though they have the skills to do so.
$C: I don't think this is the only answer though. Fox news and active propaganda getting blasted into people's lives via Facebook and online forums can't be underestimated. That simply didn't happen before the 1990s. There was no fox news equivalent in the us until then. Infowars equivalents were just crank leaflets that crazy people passed out on street corners. Critical thinking is great, but if the inputs you're given are totally wrong, it's hard to even break out of that gaslighting.
$C: 'Teaching the test' has only really been a problem for the last 20 or so years, most of Trump's supporters are older Americans who would have been taught under the education system of the 60s-80s, not the NCLB crap of the 2000s
$C: Shit. It’s not even about schools. It’s about parenting. Racist/bigot parents breed the same kind of children. Education starts at home. Half of the really dumb people you know...go look at their parents. 
$C: Remind me to gild this later when I'm not on mobile. I've been saying it for years. Teaching logic as a class would make a democratic government possible. Right now, as we can see, it isn't. 
$C: Most people only develop critical thinking skills *after* college - like being taught to analyse bullshit and repeated bad experience with real world business that preys on naivete.

After that age, donning kruger kicks in and you just get ridiculously confident that you somehow know everything and it's the kids who are wrong
$C: Not that people read books anymore, mind you.
$C: TIR half of the USA is lazy. TIL that the American dream is not a metaphor. It’s what most Americans do. Dream all day.
$C:  Yeah and Universities are interested in teaching it only honing or refining it. I saw many people get left behind who would go on to develop anti intelectual feelings.
$C: That's why for me, studying history particularly from age of 16+ (and then on to university) was so important as it grows from just being able to remember historical events to the concept of historiography - challenging and picking apart what historians and historical figures say, why they say it, why what happened happened etc, and eventually learning to asset your own opinion, with evidence to back it up. It feels like quite a useful skill for interpreting the world around you, not just the past, for me at least. It should be a skill that everybody has, to be able to analyse the news and not just accept what they're told. 
$C: https://theintercept.com/2018/07/16/a-spirited-substantive-debate-on-the-trumpputin-summit-russia-and-us-politics/

Here is some reasoning
$C: America and the west as a whole still values critical thinking much more than many other places in the world. Solving problems with novel ideas is rewarded and encouraged. Questions are still welcomed. There are a lot of cultures where critical thinking doesn't exist at all in the culture 
$C: Yep. I have friends and family who are teachers or retired teachers, and they *despise* having to teach to the test. The intangible critical thinking and personal growth skills often can't be measured with a multiple choice exam. But that's what happens when all of the people making educational policy have zero teaching experience. Lookin' at you, Jeb.
$C: My sister-in-law gets pissed off because my family is fond of ‘jokes’ based on ridiculous fabrications, like, “You should always fill the ice tray with hot water, because it freezes faster than cold.”  These are essentially critical-thinking exercises, because the context where you need to be able to think critically is when someone is trying to trick you.  Anyone can think critically when sitting at a desk looking at a carefully worded question with an exact answer.
$C: Thank you Bush for standardized testing! 
$C: I had one teacher who actually taught critical thinking skills.

Students hated him because they had to think. The principal hated him because he got the most complaints from kids.

Still the most useful teacher I've ever had.
$C: "Because I heard it on mainstream media so it must be true."
$C: >Because critical thinking isn't emphasized in our schools.

 [http://i.imgur.com/SZVJutn.gif](https://i.imgur.com/SZVJutn.gif) 
$C: TIL I’m not all that intelligent. 
$C: even more far ranging than that.  When teachers don't cultivate an environment of questioning, reflection, and thought and instead put themselves in position of Intellectual/Knowledge Dictator in the classroom, then you are conditioning children to take facts at face value and in fact, getting them accustomed to having information be dictated to them and not queried or fact-checked at all.

$C: While your point is true to an extent ( a part of the issue) - the culture shift to tag lines and soundbite drama -vs anyone taking some time to look at the issues, is bigger.  To think about something you first have to learn about it - and Americans in particular, hardly have any sources of in-depth info anymore - and they do not pay attention to the one they do have.

IMO anyone taking the time to read or pay attention to an issue will automatically think about it differently than what the talking head tells them.
$C: I'm a teacher, and this really isn't true, at least in most modern classrooms. 

A lot of Reddit has a collective narrative about their experiences at school that churns out such gems as "school is just about memorising the correct answer", or "school killed my creativity", or "we didn't learn how to think for ourselves", or "I didn't learn anything that's actually relevant to life outside of school". 

Now, I have no doubt that many people have a negative memory of school, and some schools and teachers aren't always serving their students in the best way. But it's precisely these negative memories that makes the collective narrative a bit questionable. I push critical thinking and academic integrity (in so far as it applies to my subject) - students are asked to think critically about the sources that they use in research, include citations and/or a bibliography, and so on. My high school teachers, this being about a decade ago now, also pushed critical thinking - my English teacher's mantra was that "you can say what you like, so long as you can prove it and defend it".

And you know what? I really do have to be the one driving the critical process, because most students have little to no interest in engaging their critical thinking skills without prompting. They are not interested in distinguishing a trustworthy source from a dodgy one. They drag their feet and do the absolute bare minimum required, from Junior level all the way through to the final year of school. Then it's those same students who turn around at the end of their schooling and complain that we "never taught them how to think for themselves" - we DID try, you just didn't want to engage with that. 

I don't know what the disgruntled ex-students of Reddit want, in practical terms, for the education of tomorrow. Maybe they are envisioning civil disobedience as the greatest indicator of independent thought, and our classroom cautioning about using reliable sources just isn't thrilling enough. But it pisses me off to see teachers so often blamed for the times when you were not interested, or just not yet mature enough to engage with the life-skills that were in fact being offered in your education. If we offered Protesting 101, it would still be considered boring and irrelevant by somebody.

(Slight tangent, but most schools DO offer financial literacy classes, something I've seen lamented on Reddit quite a lot. Guess what? 16 year old me had noooooo fucking interest in learning about tax, and neither do most of the *current* 16 year olds that it's offered to. But how many will misremember that down the track, and say that we failed to prepare them for life?)
$C: Maybe this will be helpful to others.  I know that this helped me, and provided a lot of information for me to think over.

[Critical Thinking skills] (https://i.imgur.com/HgAoTJX.jpg) 

   
$C: So much this.
$C: To be fair, much of our current society profits nicely off of our general lack of critical thinking skills. Hell, the Texas GOP once had anti-critical thinking education as part of their platform not too long ago. 

Hell, anyone who's studied history after high schools knows that a huge amount of public school is just nationalistic propaganda - there are a lot of things that need to be fixed with the way we educate our kids.  

A goal as noble as increasing the cognitive abilities of the average American seems like it shouldn't have any opposition, but we live in a world where profit means more than people and so this battle is not going to be easy.   
$C: First hand knowledge also isn't emphasized.

We teach the kids that what a cow looks like, the cow goes moo, cows make milk, etc. You could ask a kid to draw a cow and they'll likely doodle something relatively accurate. Ask them to point where the milk comes from, they'll know it comes from the udders. They see a cow in Minecraft and they know to swings of their sword and it drops meat.

Put that same kid in front of a real cow and ask them milk it and theyll be scared out of their mind. Because all that 2nd hand "knowledge" about cows is worthless when you actually see one, and smell it, and even touch it. Child birth is another great example. Any mother will tell you that watching a youtube video about child birth and actually experiencing it are two completely different experiences.

What we have is a whole generation growing up "knowing" everything available on the internet and "knowing" everything their parents tell them, but not actually knowing a damn thing about how the real world works. 
$C: > Saying "because the book says so" is a lot easier than reasoning, but does not count for intelligence.

Actually it does. Book reading is an unfathomable skill in today's degenerate world. Historiography, epistemology, avoiding cognitive biases and logical fallacies, the journalistic and encyclopaedic method and citing reliable sources, including and especially books (written by respected, credentialed experts) instead of blogs, is the hallmark of credible, advanced research. And therefore, intelligence.
$C: As a flight instructor we are made aware of four levels of learning:

Rote: repeat after me
Understanding: I get the concept
Application: Because of the concept, doing this does that
Correlation: oh, because doing this does that it can also be applied here and here

if we only get to repeat after me, then the general population has no critical reasoning skills and is easily manipulated.
$C: Man this is something I've been saying since I took my first logic course in school. Critical thinking needs to be taught at a much earlier age.
$C: > Because critical thinking isn't emphasized in our schools

very true, unfortunately.

it obviously wasn't taught in any schools trump attended, either.
$C: I think its because America teaches how to debate (pick a side an attack the other) but not how to have a dialectic (work out the truth, come to a logical conclusion)    
It's pervasive in everything American, liberal vs democrat, this vs that, me vs you. "Winning" has taken the place of rationality and compromise
$C: Part of it is also the nationalistic propaganda that americans are brought up with. Schools are full of it.
$C: This is why I am so happy to be teaching in my country, where critical thinking is encouraged and rewarded.

The US system sounds like a shell of what education should be.
$C: This is the only gold Im glad to see in this thread. Critical thinking skills should ALWAYS be promoted.

The news article reveals nothing new. Presidents get briefed on who's cyber-attacking them all the time. Presidents authorise cyber-attacking other nations all the time. The fact that POTUS got told Russians have hacked US does not constitute a story. Its not even a unique occurence, its not out of the ordinary, it is status quo.
Water is wet.

US has been, can be, and will be hacked. If we sabotaged international relationships every time it happened the surface of the planet would be glass.
$C: No child left behind. 
$C: fuck that, I'd argue that if you had completed high school and paid attention you are taught it through things like the upper year English stuff. that should be teaching critical analysis of literature. maybe the teachers have a policy of my view or the highway and is a bad teacher then it's an issue.


no, the issue is that people are running ragged in this modern world, the productivity gains that should mean we get more free time to process these kinds of information is missing.

look at the hierarchy of needs, you will only care if your information is true or not when you have all your other needs fulfilled, but if you were doing 2 min wage jobs then I don't think I'd give a fuck about truth or what is legit, I got other problems to take care of.
$C: People are being taught what to think, not what to think
$C: Typically this is how a government would want their people anyways, a relative education to get things done... But they don't want them thinking for themselves if possible.
$C: Critical thinking is emphasized in schools. It was CONSTANTLY emphasized for me. It was talked about all the time. We wrote reports on it.

Does everyone listen? No. Is there severe issues in parts of the country? Yes. But to say that our schools don't emphasize critical thinking is just wrong, ESPECIALLY at post k12 level. 
$C: In high school (in Ontario), I had exactly one English teacher who gave us free rein to write essays on *any* topic vaguely related to the books were reading, and take any position, and would *solely* mark based on how well the position was defended, not the position itself.

All the other English teachers would simply fail you if your position was slightly outside their strict guidelines of what they want to hear. 

I'm not sure *how* to go about this, but we need more of the former and less of the latter, and from a very early age. 
$C: Isn't Critical thinking emphasized in schools though? It's just significantly more difficult to **test** than memorization is. Designing a test that tests what you have memorized is easier than a test that can test critical thinking.
$C: The best part of emphasizing critical thinking is that it's exactly what is going to be needed in our economy moving forward. As automation moves into more and more sectors, unskilled manual labor will be increasingly phased out, and a higher percentage of our jobs will be those that require critical thinking.
$C: Coming from a new teacher in the US... Although this is still practiced in some schools,  I'll say, from my personal experience, education is shifting away from the "teach to the test" logic.  Seeing the outcomes of different teaching techniques and strategies is such a slow process; we are only just realizing the detrimental outcomes of standardized tests.  Education philosophies are always changing, so hopefully we will see good changes happening in the near future. I, for one, do not teach to the test, and we focus a ton on critical thinking. It's so incredibly important. 
$C: Critical Thinking - No hard evidence of Russian hacking. Only the same intelligence apparatus that said Iraq had WMD's. 
$C: I thought this was just a slightly unfounded perception us older folk had about the younger folk, until one of my college professor friends told me kids now start the semester literally just asking "how do I get an A in this class?" and "will this class be hard?" if they feel it will be too hard, they drop the class. I can't imagine asking my college professors either of those questions. 
$C: And let's not forget that it was Bush Jr's GOP that put No Child Left Behind in place which tied funding for schools to their performance on standardized tests. 
$C: I am Philosophy instructor at a USNWR Top-15 University. It is shocking to me -- not really *that* much older than the students -- how even very excellent high school students still come to college looking to be told the right answers from a lecture or a book as mere information and to very thoroughly repeat that information back to me and get an A. 
$C: Yea. But Trump said that tarrifs are good. USA! USA!
$C: 
>Because critical thinking isn't emphasized in our schools. Teaching to the test means memorizing the correct answer instead of working to find -an- answer. 

I respectfully disagree.

It's not the current generation thats fooled by fake news, it's the older one. Their school system was basically forced repetition. They had to do the same thing over and over again, exactly the way it was taught. Multiplication tables being recited, handwriting lessons, strict adherence to the rules, etc. 

It's the Boomers and early Xers who can't think for themselves, because they were taught to do what they were told or else. Throw in the strict religious upbringing that many had, and of course they blindly follow whatever the authority tells them. Unfortunately today their teachers and priests are replaced with Sean Hannity and Judge Piro.

I was shocked at what my kids do at school. Neither of them know 9x5 by heart, but they don't blindly swallow whatever they're told. They're much more skeptical and able to think things through than I was at their age. They challenge what they're told more and can research better.


$C: This is absolutely not true and I'm sick of seeing it. Critical thinking IS taught in schools. The much reviled common core places emphasis on critical thinking across disciplines and puts the onus on all general ed teachers to include reasoning and argumentation. Many people think "common core" means common instruction like rote memorization, but it's exactly the opposite. Common core = same standards across states, but with flexibility in states and districts to implement whatever instruction best serves to meet those standards. They emphasize depth, not breadth. Consider them like a pyramid, the top. being kindergarten and the bottom being 12th grade, where concepts get deeper and expand more every year. The most important element of that pyramid is cross-curricular critical thinking. 

I wish everyone who complained about education took the time to read the standards.

Most of all, teachers get an hour a day to try and instill critical thinking plus whatever core subject they have to teach. They are battling the hours the kids spend with parents who say, "Because I say so."  They are battling cellphones the parents put in their childrens' hands, which the kids refuse to put away during instruction. They are battling the peers who say learning is dumb, which is exacerbated by going home to parents who say teachers are elitist/unfair/"don't teach critical thinking." They are battling an internet ecosystem that is formulated to be addictive in the same ways gambling is. That same internet creates an echo chamber to serve whatever half-formed ideas they stumble into in their nascent learning process, and some corners of it actively prey on naiveté. 

We are TRYING to teach critical thinking against outrageous odds, and that's before going back to the fact that kids/teens are what they have ALWAYS BEEN: convinced of their own absolute correctness and utterly disinterested in boring school stuff. 

If anything, critical thinking is taught MORE now than when I was in school. 
$C: Damn, took the words right out of my mouth. You deserve that gold
$C: Exactly! Schools are useless nowadays, it’s all just “Oh well x told me y was the correct answer” “You’re a genius!” 

Absolutely 0 critical thinking is happening, there’s no true learning. They don’t learn how to find an answer or defend it, they learn how to follow the leader. 
$C: This is exactly how it'll be seen. Even the methods they're using are largely the same as back then! People have learned nothing...


$C: Although nazi germany had the backdrop of the German economy imploding so badly they had to scrap the currency and start over. Bizarrely the US was actually in a pretty good place at the time. Noone was burning money because it was cheaper than using it to buy fuel for heating or using wheelbarrows to carry their money to go shopping.
$C: The ideologies of the NSDAP wasn't that big of a surprise, considering the overall mood and mindset in Germany at the time, paired with disastrous economics and poverty. What I find weird with the Trump era, is that the U.S. isn't exactly going through some major depression. Sure, things could definitely be better on many levels, but it can't be even remotely compared to what post-WWI Germany was going through. 
$C: Actually unemployment was very high and the economy in disastrous shape due to reparations from world war 2. So in fact people look back at the Weimar Republic and see that it was partly the mistakes made after WW1 that gave rise to the nazi ideology (as right wing ideology thrives where there is high unemployment and economic instability)
$C: >I never believed there were Russian bots or people paid to sow discord until like a few weeks ago, actually.

I mean, the social media companies have already publicly outed Russian bots and testified under oath about them. I'm not sure how you wouldn't believe them. 
$C: I didn't believe it either until I, along with a bunch of other people, got an email from the Tumblr admin saying that they just busted dozens of Russian accounts and that we were being emailed specifically because we liked their posts or followed their accounts. I don't go on Tumblr a lot and when I do I don't follow anything overtly political, but apparently some of the accounts were people who posted typically normal, amusing, not r/TumblrInAction material. 
$C: There are still enough of them to get him elected. I suppose that was my point.
$C: It's really Mitch McConnell's fault. Obana presented it all to him in an effort to make a statement to the American people and McConnell threatened to claim that Obama was trying to influence the elections if he came out with the information.
$C: Ultimately, what could they have done? Obama wasn't going to say "don't vote for Republicans, because that's what Putin wants". That'd be a real low for our democracy. They informed the public that the hacks and leaks were part of a Russian attack, and half of the public said "Yay Russia, fuck America" and voted how they wanted. 
$C: Politicians are shady in general, I'll give you that. But Trump is especially obviously terrible. He doesn't care about anything but himself, his agenda, and his image. Everyone I've ever met, including people who voted for him, agree that he's a complete moron. He doesn't even try not to lie. Because up until this point, we've been rewarding him for spewing his nonsense all over this country. 

You can put on your tin hat about American politics, and you've got a point, but Trump is definitely not just like every other president. Calling me naive for pointing that out is just pointing your finger at me instead of recognizing your "Make America Great Again" president is nothing but a selfish idiot.
$C: Andrew Jackson got elected by riling up a similar base of racist reactionary assholes and getting them to vote for him back in those days. 

What's that old line about learning from history?
$C: I know it's not half, but in terms of people who voted, it's close enough to half to be staggering. 

It sucks when people in my own family voted for him (I know they only did because he was the Republican candidate, and they had to really talk themselves into it for that sweet conservative policy they were promised, but still) and are now breathing a sigh of relief and even going so far as to *commend* him for not burning the entire country to the ground the minute he got his hands on it. They're deflecting blame, they don't want to admit that they enabled him just to avoid voting for Hillary. It's fucking nonsense and I just want them to grow up (the adults who raised me) and admit their mistakes and not vote for him again.
$C: Please explain, because the people I follow on the gram are not Trump fans...
$C: Just to clarify, "pretending that mentally I'll people are just like everyone else," is referring to gay people?
$C: And another classic from him:
> The best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter
$C: *cough* Poland? *cough*

But yeah, I think the American system is messed up. 
$C: Cough Brexit cough
$C: I honestly don’t know how popular it is, but that’s good to hear! 
$C: Wrong Gilead, Gunslinger. I set my watch and warrant on it. >!They're referencing the Gilead from Handmaid's Tale.!<
$C: That's why voting is so god damn important this fall. Midterms are in less than four months.
$C: Won’t you get Pence then? 

Edit: I think some of you live in a fantasy land 
$C: I don’t think it’s a good idea to immediately start cheering for impeachment even if democrats end up with a majority after the midterms. Yes Trump has done a lot of bad shit, and should probably be jailed if only for stuff he did before his presidency. But if Democrats win and go in with guns blazing it’s going to upset his supporters and alienate them from the rest of the country. Before you impeach him, you have to show beyond a shadow of a doubt how terrible of a person he is. You have to make it so that the only excuses his die hard supporters can give is “Illuminati is real and this is all one completely insensible conspiracy” or “Aliens.” 
$C: Funny, the vast majority of current democrats voted "no" every time it came up.

What's magically gonna changeif the current democrats don't want to do it, even if the democrats get a majority?
$C: >make sure to vote

..democrat

 I have a feeling you dont want the people you're encouraging to vote for the other side eh? 
$C: I actually really hope this happens, just so I will live to see the pendulum swing back in the face of the Democrats.
$C: Remember that impeaching a president is easier than removal from office. A senate trial requires 2/3 majority and the Dems probably wont get the majority in 2018. 

That being said, as a non-American, please vote and retake the house.  Just to unseal his tax records and blow up any chance of a 2020 Trump victory. 
$C: Just like how the republicans impeached Obama in 2010? /s

Good luck. If he’s guilty, pin it to him. If he’s not, this is hilarious.
$C: Yes that's the only reason to vote in democrats. To impeach trump. Zzz
$C: Republicans will lose seats in the House, but they'll retain control of the chamber.  They'll pick up at least one seat in the senate.  [There's only one kind of "Blue Wave" you're going to get this fall.](http://www.svardbrogard.com/wp-content/uploads/how-to-prevent-toilet-problems-caused-by-cleaning-products-and-perfect-bathroom-art-ideas.gif)

Remind me! November 6, 2018
$C: You people are fucking retarded.
$C: Yeah well don't the Russians have control over our voting machines, voter information and our elections all around in general?

Of course you should vote, but Americans aren't currently controlling the election system. Just makes me have poor expectations
$C: Fat chance with Russia intervening though.
$C: >Democrats get the majority

Gotta get those illegal votes then!

No one wants your female supremacy, your male hatred or your socialism.




$C: Asking the real questions. My man
$C: It helps fund the website. The recipient gets access to a few premium features as well as an exclusive subreddit. 
$C: [Wojnarowski] BREAKING: Trump to be impeached, will sign with Golden State Warriors.
$C: I hereby personally pledge 50 gold to this impeachment announcement, if it ever happens.  The eligible announcement post will be the one that's already the most popular and has gold on it.
$C: And my axe!
$C: What do you mean "Gonna be?" It *is* war. You're already being invaded bruh
$C: *checks to see if war crimes were committed* 

“Yep, it’s warring time.”
$C: We could try *actually* enforcing the sanctions we passed with an overwhelming majority. Y'know, that one Constitutional crisis a bit before the family separation where Trump just unilaterally decided not to enforce a law he had signed? One of those things that would immediately end a presidency with a sane Congress?

Anyway, starving the oligarchs would be a good start.
$C: Uuhhhhhhh


Check out the gold on this single comment:


https://www.reddit.com/r/MMA/comments/6mpyn4/dana_got_a_little_excited_at_the_press_conference/dk3g4iz/
$C: You speak of the Ancient Prophecy? The coming of the Chosen One who shall break our chains and free us all?
$C: Trump deserves to be assassinated. Change my mind
$C: Gilding ~~prevents removal~~ preserves the visibility of the gilded thing. Like [this comment by EA](https://www.reddit.com/r/StarWarsBattlefront/comments/7cff0b/seriously_i_paid_80_to_have_vader_locked/dppum98/) who got more than 650k downvotes isn't ~~removed~~ hidden

Edit : I was wrong, see u/versedii reply
$C: Impeachment normally comes when lying under oath, with Trump you just need to get him to talk under oath on the same subject twice.
$C: If Muellers investigation is successful then it only depends on the american citizens. If they still dont march on Washington by the millions (with a population of 100 million) then the americans deserve this downfall. Other regimes has been taken down by much less than that. Dont be lazy
$C: So we vote the GOP out on Nov 6!
$C: "Centrist"
$C: Ah the Arabel comment. I have a trump card though.


https://www.reddit.com/r/MMA/comments/6mpyn4/dana_got_a_little_excited_at_the_press_conference/dk3g4iz/


This beauty. 2265 gold. 
$C: You're a true hero

I read through the entire question list in that comment wondering why it was worthy of 400+ gold, and then once I get to the subcomments it hits me - bam. 

And then I lost it and couldn't stop laughing. 
$C: I can't believed he answered them... 
$C: What the actual fuck
$C: Despite all "their fucking bullshit" you're still here.
$C: But why? 
$C: Everyone else was doing it!
$C: Don't live in USA so it's the least I can do.
$C: You didn't see the 61 #NAZIGOLD given to this post but I don't mind lining you up on current events
$C: you are deluded.
$C: “Uncle Sam’s Wild Ride seems too intense for me”
$C: The entire start of "Mr. Bones' Wild Ride" is because of a 4chan post about their RCT ride.
$C: Well if this presidency has been any indication, Trump is himself a roller coaster tycoon.
$C: Well "I want off uncle sam's wild ride" was already a RCT reference, not sure if you're somehow unaware of [Mr Bones' Wild Ride](https://knowyourmeme.com/memes/mr-bones-wild-ride)
$C: Just butting in to say that the developers behind RCT3 (Frontier) made a game fairly recently called Planet Coaster, that’s basically just a completely 3D RCT3 (i.e. not on a grid). Worth getting IMO.
$C: But the meme is from RCT...
$C: Gotta pay to divert attention away from the severity from what happened yo.
$C: Relevant: /r/openrct2 and /r/themeparkitect
$C: I didn't know you could do that. Do they just get unhappier complaining "I want to go home!"?
$C: Pshhhhh what about your park rating 
$C: Trump: "I'm running out of cash!"
$C: "No. You have to solve the riddle."

^^^^^^^^^^SPOOKED ^^^^^^^^^^YA
$C: alright
$C: Mr Bones, I really don't feel like solving the - SHUT UP ERIC! 
$C: The engineering company I used to work for had an average turn around of 15 years. People *on average* spent 15 years working in the same damn place because the chain all the way up at that location treated them like gold. 
Nothing good lasts forever. Management got switched around with some spineless hacks and the director was replaced by someone who can only be described as hostile. Within a year, every person who was keeping that division afloat had left, and the co. had to sell the division to a competitor, who was worse. There are only 3 original employees out of 150 left there now.
$C: I had the pleasure of working for a couple of "A happy workforce is a productive workforce" businesses. WOW! What a difference it made to how I approached my job. Everyone was mainly in a good mood but the best part was that everyone was supportive of each other. Got a problem? Can I help? Same or different department, across the company.

The difference between those companies and the American model was staggering, not only in environment but also profits. 
$C: Its literally a style of business management. Companies work high employee turnover in to their business model on purpose. Paying minimum wage usually offsets the difference in employee retention. 

Costco pays a better wage and benefits, with a low turnover. Walmart cuts wages and pays no benefits. Both companies are successful, but Walmarts executives probably make more. Of course it's unethical, but that's Capitalism sometimes. 
$C: Then people in society wonder why employees no longer have loyalty to a company and move around from job to job a lot. Companies don't have it but they don't question that. It's always the individual.
$C: >The whole “it’s just business” mentality has to go.

Bingo. "Money is involved so fuck humanity and basic decency" is what that says.

A free pass for terrible behavior. 
$C: I hear that it used to be like that, where a janitor could even move up in a company to a corner office.

Now there's little to no mobility for anyone and just about every "lower" position is  temp contract work.
$C: [deleted]
$C: My job is understaffed. Huge turn over. Of a building with only 60 people i have seen 20 come and go if not more i  a year. Even better we all work overtime, including suprise saturdays and attempt to make us work sunday as well on short notice. Our busy season is end of year due to health insurance amd people using deductibles. Those months i had 60 hours a week. 
Point is, they claim they are going to hire people but i had someone apply 6 weeks ago and never got a call as a.qualified applicant.   I was told a week ago that they will only hire 1 more person, not enough,  so that we all still have overtime. The reasoning is that everyone wants it and would be unhappy if we only got 40 hours
....
Literally heard my one coworker with someone we.pull from another department for help talking about interviews at other warehouses.
Management has been told nobody wants this amount of overtime but they still think they know whats best
$C: Yeah, problem is we’ve built our culture around greed. The American Dream inherently dictates that for you to succeed, others must fail. I think it’s a lot more likely for the laws and systems to change than the culture itself. If at all possible, I highly recommend unionizing no matter how menial your job may be.
$C: Most of those people are so insecure about their jobs the only way to show results is to fire people and then blame any minor faults on them because they are worried about losing their jobs because corperate America is full to the brim of weasels and pyschopaths. 
$C: It's hard when it's the same mentality from the top (corporate 1%-ers and their alleged views that people have no intrinsic value) all the way down.
$C: It's because we (the workers) are taught from a very young age that the boss basically owns you. Its how this country works. 
$C: I guess to present the counterpoint here. While I am certain there are issues with management in many companies. I don't agree with the loyalty piece. As I see people constantly taking advantage of every possible rule or law to let them work less. While half the people behave as you say, and as one would predict, the other half does not. This often results in days getting less than 60% of our scheduled employees. It isn't so easy to run a business where you expect to have 81% of your staff and you are averaging below 70%. 
$C: I had a job working at a grocery store on a cash register when i was 17. The management expected me to treat the job like it was my life, i had to be available any day (even though i had school), and they treated me like shit. All for $7.30 an hour (which they touted as the most extreme gift; wow we were getting a whole ***5 cents above minimum wage*** we should be so thankful). The breaking point was the day i twisted my ankle and could barely stand but they refused to find a replacement even though i called them 2 hours before my shift (the earliest i could because ***i was in school***). I just didnt show up and came in the next day to get my paycheck and quit on the spot. The manager was a crazy old bitch. Her life was the grocery store. It was so bad her elderly mother was in the hospital sick and her elderly father was getting very sick as well, so she did the most she could (bullshit) and dropped him off at the bottom of a huge hill leading up to the hospital so she could get back to work. ***She*** told me that story as if she expected me to be that committed to the job. I probably should've left sooner.
$C: This. I have been in high level sales almost 10 years now. Worked my ass off (mostly to prove I could do it to myself) and have continued to be promoted. 

Along the way I had a boss who was a [major narcissist ](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/communication-success/201505/10-signs-your-boss-manager-is-narcissist%3famp). He always had a saying as I watched my colleagues and friends leave our team/company. “There are two types of employees, those that take a week to replace, and those that take two”.  That taught me a valuable lesson that I use all the time. It’s called “Don’t be a dick and actually care about people”. With the right motivation, and by showing respect and empathy to my team, we can move mountains. 
$C: I would go so far as to say capitalism has irreversibly screwed this country. 
$C: It’s like capitalism is for the wealthy, but if you’re poor, you’re just a replaceable conscript in the machine. 
$C: It's just business us the fucking stupidest excuse ever and something for assholes to hide behind. It's poison. So if it's business it's ok to stab friends in the back? Or give a shit if your employees or costumers suffer? Fucking FUCK that shit. You are a fucking shithead if you think "it's just business" is an excuse to be a sub par human  
$C: >What they don’t get is that if you’re loyal to an employee and make every reasonable attempt to correct an issue, that employee will work their heart out and be happy doing it.

And if not, at least you know you gave them every chance to fix the issue.
$C: In Highschool we had to do internships for 2 months, to help us figure out what we'd like to do after school.

I did mine in a small web design company (5 employees + the owner). And the owner had an amazing aproach towards his employees. He was there all day essentially, so the doors of the place were unlocked from 7:00 until 21:00. 

On the first day of my internship he told me:

"It's about creativity. You can't force that. I don't care when you show up, when you leave, or how long of a break you take. If you can't make it for a few days, just give a headsup. All I want, is that at the end of the month, you spent on average 8 hours a day actually working"

This also applied to his employees and everyone was happy, generally in a good mood and enjoying themselves. It was amazing. (Also positively suprising after hearing stories from other peoples internships, where they spent their time as glorified coffee deliverers/slaves, whereas I was treated like an employee for the duration of my internship)
$C: HAHA - that is the whole Penn State attitude - they teach it in college.  "You are 18 - if you do not have it all figured it out and a complete vision for your life, then you picked the wrong school looser."

"Oh thanks for the $ 150K..."   that part is /s - they NEVER say thank you.
$C: >The whole “it’s just business” mentality has to go.  

Yet America just elected Mr. You-Are-Fired for President.
$C: The shorter the term of someone’s employment, the less likely you are to have to give them a raise.
$C: This is the only reason I'm still at my current job. They work with you, tell you your flaws, sometimes you get a write up if you fuck up , but the only fireable offence is talking bad about the owner, or repeadly not doing your job.
$C: This is exactly what makes my reasoning behind my work ethic. I am a *terrible* employee.

I refuse to dedicate my efforts to a company that refuses to dedicate their efforts to me. If the company shows no effort in making the lives of their employees better, then I feel no obligation in trying to make the company's business better.

I will sit and do nothing all day while they pay me, and produce as little as I can, and feel fine about it, because I know they are not thinking about me twice, and don't consider me being anything other than a tool of production
$C: Actually, it sometimes happens in the Internet, too, by some moderators.

I don't know how many times moderators just do their things on a whim and quote "your are detrimental to the forum" and no chance of defending yourself is given, and the ban hammer is totally detached from the written rules. 

That's why I think the Internet, in the English parts, should really avoid American dominance. Best if they are making up to around 50% so managements and discussions in general can at least be a bit more compassionate.
$C: Capitalism mentality has to go, it doesn't have a place in a modern society, it leaves too many people in it's wake.
$C: I can't trust you because your name indicates you're a sociopath just like them.
$C: Such a fucking bullshit reply from mgmt.

“Well, you should give yourself an extra hour to spare for stuff like that. But if you do get here an hour early, don’t clock in until your shift starts so I can get a bonus for keeping labor numbers down.”
$C: "oh you had two flat tires? Well should have left for work five hours early! Fuck you you're fired."
$C: I had a job as a sitter for two special needs kids. I really loved the job. One day I had stayed up late studying and had fallen asleep around noon because I was exhausted due to finals. I called the other person who sometimes sat for them when I wasn't available but lived in the same subdivision as the family while I lived three small towns over. I asked if she could get them from the bus just in case I couldn't make it in time. I ended up making it in time. The other person ended up hanging out with us. They ended up firing me because because they "had to pay me and the other person". Like she chose to stay and hang out and I got punished. Its literally the only shit thing that ever happened on that job.
$C: I recently started a job at a Canadian based company operating in the United States. The work culture is so not toxic I cant process it sometimes. I still feel like an abused animal relearning how to trust sometime.
$C: That shit would never fly here unless you have a flat tire every day.
$C: Yeah, then the other 364 days of the year I can stand around for an hour while I wait for work to start.  Makes sense.
$C: May that manager end up working for the same kind of manager.
$C: What an actual joke. How is that even allowed to happen. No warning, disciplinary? I'd even consider that harsh because it's an isolated incident.
$C: Cannot speak for Europe but in Australia, pretty much the only way to get fired is stealing from the company 

$C: If that happened here (Quebec) you’d sue and get a years salary as compensation. 

At then company I work for I know at least 5 people who have been fired. All of them sued. All of them got a payout. 

You need a really good reason with a paper trail to fire someone here. 
$C: Obviously he doesn’t know how to change a tire. I could donut in a three piece suit without causing a wrinkle 
$C: Expat or immigrant?
$C: This is why we came up with the concept of unions.
$C: I don't know how hard it is to put shit in someone's gas tank, but I'd put shit in this guy's gas tank.
$C: London has many people leaving because of Brexit. Might be worth a try.
$C: Yeah that's when you burn bridges and tell that clown to fuck off
$C: I assume that manager got a screw in his tire shortly after.
$C: Exactly how much time is enough for a traffic accident?
$C: The fact that we don't have universal healthcare speaks to a severe lack of compassion across the board.

The fact that there could be any push back at all against implementing a decent health care system is just insane to me.

 Yeah I can understand why the bean counters would grumble, and I understand that in a lot of countries that do have healthcare, there are legitimate complaints... But the fact that Americans as a whole aren't immediately like "oh yeah, let's just keep everyone healthy, duh" is just fucked. 
$C: Sociopathy in the workforce.
Only reason it's allowed is because it's our boss and that seems to be ok in western culture.

$C: Arbeit macht frei!  It's the American Dream.
$C: That's the trick with some management. They think fear is a great motivator. I've had more than my fair share of bosses like that, they let what little power they have go to their heads. 
$C: Here in Belgium, if you get fired your employer has to pay you a minimum of 3 months wage to fire you (it's essentially 3 months ever 5 years of employment with a minimum of 3 months).   

Good luck doing any of those tactics here to make your 4th quarter profits look good. 
$C: And the fact the employers can pay such a shitty hourly rate, knowing full well the customers are paying most the wages. 
$C: I watched an episode of Adam Ruins Everything about this yesterday. Tipping needs to go, these people need stable wages
$C: Ask any American waiter or bar tender if they want to switch to a hourly or salary wage and you will know one of the reasons the current system exists. 
$C: Ahhh Florida. How I don't miss you and your labor loopholes. 
$C: And they call it "Right to Work"!
$C: Fucking illegal anywhere else. 
$C: How do people *still* constantly fuck this up...

“Right to work” has to do with labor laws surrounding unions forcing people to pay dues. You are thinking of “at will” employment.

$C: Gotta love how every law that takes away our freedoms is named in a way that implies the opposite. "Right to fire you at any time" is a far more apt descriptor. 
$C: You can however gain a lot from pretending to be compassionate.
$C:  That’s “at will”. Right to work refers to unions. 
$C: Middle management is usually made up of people who are straight out of high school anyways. It's not like Walmart is looking for people who have a track record of being good managers. They're looking for people who make the boss happy.

So you've got a bunch of people with no manger experience, getting all this newfound authority, and it's a recipe for power trips.
$C: You mean 32-36 hours a week so it is juuuust short of “full time” and the company doesn’t have to give benefits. 
$C: I might be spouting bullshit (I'm in the UK, not US) but here conservatives will try to use the "more jobs available than ever!" line a lot, when actually it's just that there are more substandard, temporary and 0 hour jobs available than ever, whereas entry level jobs that can actually provide a stable and living income are harder to access than ever. 
$C: Wasted like 15 years for that simple fact...jeez
$C: So where’s my degree?
$C: At least your principal sounds nice. It's nice to know you've got at least one person on the inside you can count on
$C: The birth of an arbitrary personality
$C: God damn it every time I read threads like this I just become incredibly frustrated and angry at the world. This is bad for my health man
$C: > lectured about how we’re never going to make it in the real world

If I could go back with my current knowledge, I would know to lose all respect for every adult that mentioned "the real world." I would scorn those petty, pathetic individuals who so easily lie to the people they're responsible for, for the sake of a tiny power-trip.

*Every* time someone mentioned "the real world" it always seemed to apply to wherever I was expected to go *next*, and *always* justified the adult doing something shitty, petty, unfair, or just downright scummy to the students. Whether it was doing obscene amounts of homework for so that students spent 3-4 hours a night on homework, punishing an entire class because one kid wouldn't shut the fuck up, or holding kids after class because the instructor wasn't finished "teaching", it was always justified with "Well this is how it's *always* going to be once you get to <next step in education/life> when you hit the real world."

Middle school prepared me for "the real world" of high school, which prepared me for "the real world" of college, which prepared me for "the real world" of the work force.

In Every. Single. Case. it turned out to be complete bullshit. I was *terrified* of going into college, because some high school teachers did their damned best to make it sound like the toughest, most unfair, awful place in existence. When I got to college, it quickly became obvious that those teachers were flat-out *lying* so that they could get away with being ass holes.

So sincerely, fuck every major piece of shit that has ever lectured someone else about "the real world."


$C: Our education system truly is flawed and scarring. 
$C: The dude is a bitter cunt taking it out on kids and we allow it because there is rot in school administration. 

I am not for charter schools but honestly there needs to be a change with how we do administration. ... Actually that goes for all jobs, in all layers of society. It's strange that the really garbage people just keep climbing upward until the entire organization is poisoned.
$C: I'm in the US. High school began at 7:20 for me. 
$C: School at 7:35? Where are you from?
$C: I think he should've just been born rich. Then he could get away with anything. 
$C: The lesson was teachers misuse their „power“ to be dicks sometimes and you have to stand up to that. 
$C: It's actually different. Finite rules, then, breaking rules is completely your fault. But sometimes rules are written with "flexibility" and most of them aren't even respected or enforced. So it comes to the whim of the management or people in power to decide whether you should be punished, and when they do so, they don't quote a rule and give you a fair trial. It is as if Americans simply love to "in control of others' fate", which is also, perhaps, true for their fascination of guns (so that "your life depends on my whim now").
$C: If you’re right on time, you’re late. If you’re five minutes early, you’re on time. 
$C: Wtf.... carry a spare pencil.
$C: You don't even have the power to stand up to unfair authority as a kid/student. 
$C: While I agree with you, I'm a total pussy and this was like 7th grade. I had barely grown pubes yet. Also any time I stood up for myself, I got the shitty end of the stick while the provoked got let off easier than me (most likely cause they're either a teacher's pet or sold drugs to the teachers. Wouldn't be surprised on the latter)
$C: It wasn’t unfair. Rules should be enforced consistently. It would be unfair if authorities enforced rules arbitrarily.
$C: 👌who✋knew👐pushing☝️carts🖐could👌be🤲so👐complicated🤚
$C: He probably can't.
$C: But that's exactly the problem. If there are workers rights preventing this, even a shitty boss can't just let you go randomly. 
$C: No one who speaks Russian could be an evil man
$C: *Giggles in portuguese*
$C: I read sideboob for some reason? Still was ok with it. 
$C: We use a 🅱️ because we now serve up nothing🅱️urgers.
$C: That's my favorite soundcloud rapper.
$C: delet this
$C: 🏆🥇
$C: 🤔🤔🤔
$C: You stupid monkey! 
$C: For real.  Why would allow a Russian intelligence operation to stack our highest court? It's insane to think any of this shit ok
$C: Would that also apply to his entire cabinet then? As in pence, Ryan....
$C: > If he's not legitimate, they're not legitimate, full stop.

The government has ways of shutting it down if its not legitimate.


$C: To do all of that though, the Constitution would have to be amended, updated, changed or replaced. When your entire judicial, legislative and executive system is based on a document that's centuries old, you're going to have a REALLY hard time keeping things on track, let alone fixing or improving them.

Afaik, there are no provisions in any of the Amendments about removing or replacing justices, which means that even if Trump does get impeached, I don't see how you could remove them in a legal, constitutional manner.

Before people burn me on a pyre for pointing at the Constitution, I'm not hating on the document. I think it was brilliantly written and thought-out and way ahead of its time, but no single person in the 18th century could have predicted the technological and social advancements and changes of the last centuries, the loopholes people would discover over time or how severe and completely paralysing the bipartisan divide that kills any sort of progress in its cradle would end up becoming.

EDIT: I was wrong, there is a provision about "good behavior", based on which justices can potentially be impeached, however it has only happened once in 1804, and there's no language about appointments being null and void should a US president be illegitimate. So unless the two justices he's leaving behind (assuming no other active justices retire or die) screw up massively themselves, they're there to stay. 
$C: And in the same vein, none of the actions he has carried out as President. I don't care if congress supported those actions, if the man signing on them shouldn't have been there to begin with.
$C: If he’s not legitimate, none of his work should stay. It should be wiped and give us a clean slate. I say that his entire staff and cabinet (chosen by him) should go with him, along with all his executive orders and legislation. Start over. 
$C: I like the cut of your jib.
$C: I totally agree with this.  The fact that our officials act as if political philosophy like that needs to take a back seat to be on the winning side is part of the poison killing our democracy.
$C: This may be a dumb question and I might get downvoted, but I'm trying to find evidence to back up what I'm saying to Trump supporters. Do we have evidence that the election was hacked in favor of the Republican party? Other than the fact that the clear underdog won (they think he would have won regardless), is there clear evidence showing that they helped Trump specifically get into office?
$C: Yup.
$C: does this also include the VP? 

would there be another election held? or would it just go to the next republican?
$C: I mean that's a bit silly, given that they're confirmed by the senate... 
$C: That's why the birther movement went on so long.
$C: But there isn't a way to remove a judge for being illegitimate besides impeachment. What crime would that judge have committed?
$C: [deleted]
$C: Everyone associated with him should have their head mailed to putin 
$C: And how would President Trump not be legitimate?
$C: Might as well get rid of most of the elected officials nationwide. Including Hillary. 
$C: Rectified? Does that include a rectum? 
$C: 'The People' cannot. Our representatives would have to initiate impeachment proceedings. Although with how well the Russian probe went, I doubt we would get to the removal stage, and it would take almost his entire first (and hopefully only) term anyway.

Technically political parties do not play a part in this process. Practically speaking, yes, there would have to be bi-partisan support since it would take enough representatives to require some number of both parties to get on board to achieve the required number. But the Republican Party itself would not have direct control over this process.

In short, we're probably S.O.L. for the next 2.5 years.

Although on the Party subject, I do wonder what would happen if the Republicans outright disowned Trump suddenly. I had hoped Paul Ryan would grow a backbone and not acknowledge Trump back when he was first nominated. I know what it would have done to Ryan's political career, but he showed some hesitation so I hoped he would stand on that. I imagine it would be a major breaking in the party if they suddenly dropped Trump (it would not be unanimous, some would continue to support Trump, and obviously in this scenario enough would not to make it a party decision). Would there be a break-off group like the Progressives from the Wisconsin Republicans in the 30's?
$C: But nothing even happened? Vote tally’s weren’t altered, candidates weren’t assassinated or threatened? What the hell are you even talking about that deserves a violent uprising
$C: eh, we dont have any real control.  no lasting change, nothing can break this decentralized system of corruption. it was there before trump, it will be there after, its all just pointless to stress over something we can't change.  save your idealism for story time.
$C: >Demand the resignations and **arrestment** of corrupt and colluding politicians and **government**.  
>  
>March **in** Sinclair **headquarter**.

Well stated, fellow American who speaks English.

Any person who deny truth of your statements clearly is Russia propoganda.
$C: Unfortunately the right to bare arms doesn't include the right to own artillery, tanks, or javelin missiles.
$C: Recently learning of the remote accessibility of some of the voting machines certainly casts doubt on it. There were something like 10,000 that had it. I'd be interested to learn if there's a correlation between the location of these machines and the districts with large discrepancies between the actual voting and exit polls done by Dr. Beth Clarkson.
$C: From the article:

> The Russian efforts are “aimed at sowing discord and divisiveness in this country,” he continued. “We haven’t yet seen an effort to target specific election infrastructure this time. We could be just a moment away from the next level.”
$C: I'm very much against this current administration,  but my life is the most important thing in, well,  my life. If you lose it you're not doing much good for your cause now, are you? Sure you'll make the headlines and the people against the administration will rally for what, a week? Month at tops. 

How often do you hear about the children locked up down south? It's still happening but the media is stagnant on the matter at this point because to them it's old news.  It may still be in the forefront of a few people's minds but you still go through your day to day without actively thinking about literally every atrocity concocted by this group. Of you do, then I feel truly sorry because at that point I'd be so miserable thinking about all the horrific things happening in the world that I'd be in an unstoppable depression that would never go away.

Be the white knight all you want and lay down your life if you want, just know the fame doesn't last as long as you'd think. The world may seem like a shitty attempt at House of Cards, but it's a tad more real than that.
$C: That uh... that's the joke.
$C: Nope! The lower your state population, the more your vote matters. Who cares if the majority wants one candidate? The winner-takes-all electoral college we have currently will make sure that the "right" candidate wins.
$C: Thats venezuela not usa. 
$C: Seriously. People don't realize it but any coordinated cyber attack against our grid by any group with any real power and resources would probably be devastatingly effective. We're talking complete blackouts in huge swaths of the country for weeks or months.
$C: On the bright side, some plants are so old/low-tech they can't be hacked. (like nuclear plants where you'd need to physically be in the plant to go online with anything) 
And some plants are getting better. The last job I worked on put a ton of effort into separating the plant network from the internet. Homeland security then came in and tried to breach it as a test. I believe this is now becoming standard practice. 
$C: Can confirm, worked on critical infrastructure (water) and they were still using 1990s tech. We actually needed windows 2k to work on the PLCs and this was in 2013
$C: Old technology, yes.  But the industry has been waking up to the security concerns, and updating the procedures and monitoring tools.  Source: used to work for a utility for almost a decade maintaining their SCADA system.
$C: I think calling your senators and congressmen does as much as thoughts and prayers at this point.
$C: They don't just need to worry about losing their jobs at this point; they need to worry about being complicit in treason. 


$C: > senitors.

Yeah my senators won't do jack shit. 
$C: That's the past, and we knew it even though we didn't have enough evidence until now. But their control over the grid may determine the future. What happens if there is a major blackout just in blue states - or even worse: in lots of very selected blue counties within swing states - this November? Putin could go all in to protect his fascist spy in office. And even if he considers him as worthless, invalidating the election would still be a huge win for him: It would widen the rift in US society and could serve as another attack point on western democracy.
$C: Honestly, as someone working in the cyber security field, there's a decent chance the grid has already been compromised and they're just waiting for the right moment to take everything offline.  Our country's CyberSec is kind of a joke at the government level and depending on where in the private sector you look, not much better there.  
$C: Kind of like the guy literally shooting at republican senators and many on the left applauded?
$C: [deleted]
$C: That was Kelly leaning against the switch.
$C: Youtubers like Engineer775 must be so happy right now, guiding how to prep for EMPs too.
$C: It’s Treason, then.
$C: Brennan is an authority on what constitutes treason because treason is the third bullet point on his resume. Brennan and Clapper being objectively criminal scum only enhances their ability to recognize it in others
$C: could be something like honor among thieves and these guys know a worser thing when they see it
$C: Наш Coветский Союз покоряет весь мир
Как огромный медведь на Востоке.
Овцы бродят безцельно, без всяких забот
А Советский медведь на охоте.
$C: Borscht.
$C: But I hear it’s failing though. 
$C: Maybe, it happened in the UK after all...

But it’s impossible to bring down the Republican party, same as the Catholic Church

They would find a way around consequences and their base would accept it to “own the libs”
$C: Towards Russia? You want access to a wide range of classified intelligence from multiple countries in order to judge whether or not Russia has a cyberwarfare division (it does, as does every country) and whether Putin wanted Trump to be elected (he did, he publicly said as much in Helsinki).

2+2 equals get a fucking calculator 
$C: Perpetrating false information, hacking opponents accounts and distributing information to the side they desire to win, distributing and supporting false narratives with bots, fake articles, and takedowns.
$C: "Country, I am disappoint."
$C: Aw come on, Maggie's alright on balance
$C: Way to look out for the people!
$C: Exactly I wonder how many billions trump has campaigned profits on this 
$C: Haha Looks like the bots hate those links. 

-.5/minute consistently for 20 mins.

---

Well, that's only if you believe one bunch of liars over the other.

Clapper? ["No the NSA doesn't spy on everyone"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v3d-re0dtKA)

Brennan? ["No we didn't spy on Congress"](https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2014/jul/31/cia-director-john-brennan-lied-senate)

Comey who, I mean, you've gotta credit him for an epic double backflip suicide, but the guy was a hero and demon to both sides within DAYS of each other. Literally no one has any reason to trust his judgement. 

As an aside, I did find it hilarious watching people call for him to be sacked, only to turn around 10 minutes after he was sacked and say they were shocked and appalled and that it shouldn't have happened. 

But back to the point, if you look at it, its Liars vs Liars. 

No credibility on any side of this alleged event.


$C: Amen 
$C: I don't see Warner mentioned anywhere in the article.
$C: Who's calling them liars ?

Where's the conclusive proof that the DNC server was hacked by Russians.  Not spook bureaucrats saying it probably was them.  Where's the exact proof.

What meta data, programs, isps etc did they have that proves the Russians are guccifer 2.0 ?

Its time to release it so that the public can understand why the intelligence community seems so dead set on engaging Russia in an increasingly hostile set of exchanges.  Given the whole nuclear deterrent, and where some of this rhetoric is pointing its not unreasonable to ask for a high burden of proof.

Its not like the CIA, NSA and broader intelligence community doesn't have a long history of foreign election interventions, coups, illegal spying, entrapment and lying to the American public including their supposed overseers in the Congress.

Ps Trump is an asshat and just because he's one doesn't mean that Mcarthyism 2.0 is a healthy place for Americas political class to visit.
$C: I'm an American and I envy how the French deal with bullshit like this.  
$C: Remember that time they cut all of the ruling class' heads off..? Maaaaan, dem days

Edit: Punctuation
$C: Our government will know about it but they won't give a shit unfortunately.
$C: The only issue is that - and not only in France - people in the information age don't realize that the legal and official way just takes time. Electing a new president doesn't immediately fix things, and I think many are always expecting immediate changes for the better and when they don't happen after a year they're pissed. 

Change takes time. Laws take time. It's unfortunate, but if you don't like it, maybe a dictatorship is more your thing than a democracy. 

So, by all means go protest and get your voices heard - but be patient and look at the small changes rather than expecting everything to turn out great after half a year. And that goes for everyone. 
$C: When they were protesting UBER they parked cars in the middle of road to block traffic and set some UBER cars on fire. The french don't mess around when it comes to protesting
$C: I mean they did invent the idea of removing the head of state. Quite literally. :D
$C: > If they’re not happy, their government will know about it.

Dunno about *that*. Whenever I go to France there seems to be just as much political machination as we have in the UK, it's just that national news is generally focussed inward. 

I recall in Private Eye a few years ago they were saying that we actually had much *better* political transparency due to the media compared with France, where they're only now catching up with decades of dodgy stuff, because for years what politicians got up to wasn't considered public interest.
$C: The most British thing I've ever read. Apologising for a compliment. 
$C: As a Frenchman who lived in London for 10 years I have to tell you that it doesn't make our society and lives any better. But you know the grass is always greener on the other side.
$C: You’re not a Dane?
$C: Well, take comfort that an Englishman was one of the driving forces behind both the American and French Revolutions through his writing.  That man's name?  A̶l̶b̶e̶r̶t̶ ̶E̶i̶n̶s̶t̶e̶i̶n̶ Thomas Paine.  His pamphlets called "Common Sense" and "The Rights of Man" fueled the revolutions and impelled individuals to fight for basic human rights.  

And Paine's work was largely influenced by another English philosopher, John Locke.  
$C: The biggest challenge the US faces is that Washington DC is where the Capitol and White House are. Everyone who lives in DC is tied up in politics just about. I live in Boston and we sure as shit have marched against Trump multiple times but what do we do, march on the state house when our representatives in Congress are already on our side and have their hands tied? It is up to either a national strike or a massive march on DC, otherwise the people in charge can ho hum all day. 
$C: Im sorry for your loss this past weekend. 
$C: I am in Quebec (French Canada) and the people here totally inherited this protesting characteristic from the French. There's a protest for anything you can think of on a weekly basis. Tuition fees are so low here thanks to the people who don't rest. The rest of the country sees our protests as feeling entitled, however. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
$C: It also prevents the hard choices government's need to make to fix systemic problems.
$C: The Icelandic apparently have big protests where they just coat the main government building in Skyr when they're not happy. I'm not sure how effective it is, but it sounds fun.

$C: and we still get fucked anyway LOL
$C: > If they’re not happy, their government will know about it.

And the cars will be burned.
$C: Well..they used to cut people’s heads off for fun. You tend to react when an angry mod shows up at your door. 
$C: Problem here is getting more than 40% of us to agree on anything.  Shoot, there's probably half the people in our country who don't care at all about this, trying to get a sufficient number of Americans moving on one direction ion to "storm the streets and paralyze the economy" is an impossibility.
$C: I guess you could say that unhappy Frenchmen can really make heads roll. 
$C: Not gonna lie, if i lived closer to d.c. i would protest. Some parts of the country are 24 hours from there one way.
$C: Our Government knows, they just don’t care.
$C: Burning cars in the streets is obviously the most mature way to deal with problems

/s
$C: Not sure if this is true, but I heard almost all the speed cameras in France are concealed because otherwise they just get destroyed.
$C: Except they’re constantly rioting and striking for very little reason. Look at what happened after they *won* the World Cup final 
$C: You should have been protesting already. Judging by Trump’s Twitter replies, support of impeachment is at its highest point, and with the recent events there’s enough ammunition for people to get behind. Someone just needs to start the ball rolling. 
$C: A lot of Americans are kept from voting by even non-nefarious means, like not being given time off work to vote.

I don't know about other states, but I live in Virginia, and work is not on the list of acceptable reasons for an absentee ballot in Virginia.

Edit: Please explain downvotes.
$C: THIS. FOR THE LOVE OF GOD! I'm so fucking sick of people tagging out in midterms.

This isn't a fucking video game; you can't just turn the console off when your opponent cheats. You're in this whether you like it or not, don't surrender your only weapon out of spite.
$C: Don't forget the primaries!!!
$C: And EVERY election after that. If this is not a once in a lifetime lesson on what happens when you abstain from civic duty, I don't know what is.
$C: For Democrats who shill for the corporate bourgeois? Cause that won't get us far
$C: To late. It's anarchy. I started drinking already. Can someone build a fire?
$C: The right answer. None of your opinions count if you don't vote.
$C: B-b-but [insert Democratic candidate here] isn't pure enough for me, so I'm going to vote for [insert completely unqualified third-party candidate here] instead!
$C: honest question: are you seriously suggesting that voting is a way to avoid voting manipulation and the nonsense that is America's 'political system'?
$C: The ones that are likely already compromised due to Trump doing nothing? :(
$C: Please for the love of all that is good and holy in this world,

GET YOUR ASS UP AND VOTE.
$C: The candidates still suck. The Democrats are not great, they're not even good. I'll still vote for them, but we need to rid ourselves of imposters who call themselves "progressives" and then sell out the workers and the American people. 

$C: Too bad there isn't anyone reasonable to vote for

Edit: It just sucks that there isn't even a candidate I agree with running in my district. Instead I have to vote _against_ someone as opposed to _for_ someone
$C: What if I told you that participating by voting is what prevents you from getting better candidates? 

$C: Definitely read that as “knock out the roommate”.

To be fair though, dragging your unconscious roommate outside does send a pretty clear message.
$C: Isn't there a particular amendment in the Constitution about that?
$C: Or you could just complain about it on social media. Same thing, really.
$C: Shit-gibbons. Just felt the urge to repeat that phrase.

Carry on.
$C: How about you STOP VOTING FOR REPUBLICANS THEN?!
$C: Excellent totally agree. The one thing that would help greatly would be if the media started reporting relevant news and not following a narrative from lobbyists and big corporations 
$C: I remember a time when the US did things not because they were easy, but because they were hard. Nowadays American exceptionalism seems to have been replaced with America apologism.

"Yeah the rest of the developed world might be able to do proper healthcare, but *it's just so hard for us*."

"Yeah the rest of the developed world might be able to do protests, but *it's just so hard for us*."

What happened America, bear got your balls?
$C: >we'll get demonized by a tiny group of people who somehow will manage to convince half the country that we are their enemy

Same here in France, no doubt. [10 people own most of the media ](https://www.acrimed.org/IMG/png/ppav12.png) so... No wonder most strikes here are not supported by the public opinion, but we still do it, no matter what.
$C: you are thinking too far ahead (days of protests). the reality is, after the first day of not coming to work you get fired and spend the next days looking for a job.

they don't even have payed vacation
$C: "haha our president is a fascist but we can't do anything about it because it would be uncomfortable. Now let's talk sports!" 
$C: > congrats on the world cup btw, thanks to ya'll I have to buy a friend drinks

I love you bro
$C: Why would i protest with all these videos of mother fuckers being shot 
$C: The reason you don’t act is because you’re afraid of what Trump supporters are going to think of you?

Pathetic.
$C: Heads down our best achievement so far
$C: Especially in the summer?
$C: We did. Now we still protest, but they do what we're protesting about anyway and we forget when summer comes.

The food and wine are great tho
$C: I think we're all agreed the revolution needs wine.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Complain on Reddit about how Croatia should have won
$C: Sounds like they've already broken your spirit. 
$C: They actually do. Ever since the Paris attacks every single policeman is armed. Also we have the military patrolling the cities carrying assault weapons.

Still, it didn't prevent the Unions from organizing mass protests several month ago when they disagreed with some of Macron social reforms. Nobody was shot (of course there was  injuries and material damage, this is to be expected in any protest).

If the only reason you don't protest is because you fear getting shot, then Hell this alone should be reason enough to storm the streets.
$C: But I thought you Americans were such a free people.

The French police often carry assault rifles from what I've seen, by the way.
$C: That ended with people hating protesters and electing De Gaulle. Reddit can't be this naive.
$C: Sure but you'll have to build it first ! Do that once your wall is finished
$C: Protest, vote, then protest.

Protest even if Democrats win because Trump and Republicans and their massive media complex will paint everything the Democrats do as a “witch hunt”, undemocratic, and if any justice occurs, a coup. Democrats also won’t know what the public thinks and will be more likely to let everything slide as they’re afraid of pissing off and getting attacked by Republicans.
$C: I agree, just “vote” is not a solution, it’s less than the bare minimum for what we should be doing 
$C: You find out what candidates are good in your local area, contact their offices and campaign for them. 
$C: You're right! We need to protest and volunteer for local politicians to make sure that they win their races because we have to make sure the Republicans lose!! If you want more info on all of that, join the resistance at /r/bluemidterm2018!
$C: > On one hand, yes we should vote. On the other, we're not in "chill for 4 months" land anymore. We, the people, can NOT just sit on our ashes until then. No way.

Well, there was a chance to vote against him a few years ago, but not enough people got their asses out of the door, while too many were (and are) listening to "news" channels that are part of the problem.

Even now, the one and only thing that made Trump "reconsider" and claiming he "just forgot a 'not'" was that even his pet "news" channel was not amused.

So the primary problem might not be Trump, but Fox and the way *they* are "shaping" democracy.
$C: >sit on our ashes

r/shubreddit
$C: It’s been a call for a revolution for a long time.
$C: r/shubreddit
$C: Revolution? 
$C: There's also the question of: if we vote, will it even count? That's literally where we are, and I don't just mean from an electoral college standpoint.
$C: > On one hand, yes we should vote. On the other, we're not in "chill for 4 months" land anymore. We, the people, can NOT just sit on our ashes until then. No way.

Your only real power, when denied the vote, is economic.  Shut it down.
$C: “If voting made a difference, they wouldn’t let us do it.” Mark Twain 
$C: In the future people  will ask "Why did Americans put up with it? Why didn't they just remove Trump from presidency?" the same way people ask today "Why didn't the Jews just attack the Germans in concentration camps?"


$C: Hi. It’s 11 days later. 

We’ve seen no major action. Hell... does anyone even remember this story at this point?

Wtf. 

Guess we’ll be waiting those 4 months then. 
$C: This is going to be a rough 4 months for you, friend. No one wants to cast the first stone.
$C: [deleted]
$C: [deleted]
$C: Protest and volunteer then. Most politically active people are active on a daily basis. I strongly encourage you to involve yourself with local government and local political bodies. That’s where the change is happening.
$C: Well, it's our best option right now. We do not live in a Banana Republic yet. Our votes still matter.
$C: What if the reason for Trump's pandering to Putin is that he's relying on him to rig the next election for him?
$C: Vote and hope that Robert Mueller can stop this. 
$C: No! The problem is that this sort of Russian propaganda is easy to spread. The people that want you to believe that are those that want control. They want to take all the power away and they want you to freely give it up. Voting is powerful. Use the power.
$C: It absolutely does matter. Progress is made one small step at a time. Defeatism is not the answer.
$C: Absolutely not. What? Jesus Christ no. 

Voter suppression and gerrymandering have made voting *more* important. 
$C: 54% turnout in the last election. 
$C: The opposite. The primary way the election was corrupted was with propaganda that a) made people not want to vote and b) made people want to vote on erroneous information. If most people had voted based on what legitimate sources were saying, we wouldn't have this problem. Instead, people got their news from Facebook and Twitter and either voted foolishly or stayed home. It was a bloodbath for democracy and they didn't even have to hack the vote itself.
$C: That mentality is what keeps you down.

Also remember the federal government is not the only government that matters. Your city's government will likely have a more profound impact on your life, and your state government will, too.
$C: It matters, a lot. Hillary won the popular vote, she could have easily been president despite the Russians had more people voted. 
$C: No, that’s what they want you to think so you give up.
$C: No, absolutely not.

But you need to organize and do more than voting.
$C: The problem is that votes do matter. 
$C: “ES&S says it was still installing pcAnywhere on election systems, hackers stole the source code for the pcAnyhere software” https://motherboard.vice.com/en_us/article/mb4ezy/top-voting-machine-vendor-admits-it-installed-remote-access-software-on-systems-sold-to-states
$C: No?
$C: So then what though? Asking for a friend. 
$C: No, it's that people are ignorant. Our government isn't innovative and modeen as they could be which allows for this stuff to happen, and the people are easily misinformed due to rampant yellow journalism. It's all a result of media consumption and lack of regard for the future of the country. You can think you are doing what's best by voting for x candidate, but if you do so blind it results in peoppe like Trump taking power half the time. Somethint went wrong in the 1980s, and we haven't bothered to fix or look into it.
$C: Quite the opposite. Most of the Russian interference was due to trolls pushing propaganda through internet message boards, facebook, etc. And generally just causing mayhem. Most of the active voter suppression is being caused by our own government through gerrymandering and other means. 

The way to stop this and prevent future instances of gerrymandering and voter suppression is to vote the people out who did the gerrymandering. That is the power that you as an average person have. Protesting, calling your representatives and senators, and raising money for causes you believe in helps immensely as well, but at the end of the day it is who you vote for, who we all vote for, that makes a difference. 

Whether you vote or not, the system will continue on. Whether you participate in that or not as up to you at the end of the day, but don't think that voting doesn't matter. It does. Now more than ever especially.
$C: This is why voting shouldn't be electronic. [Here is a video on it](https://youtu.be/w3_0x6oaDmI)
$C: No, that thought process is the problem. It's the reason we have the clusterfuck going on now that we do. Because people didn't vote, they relinquished literally the one bit of power we have and can wield. And yeah, voting doesn't matter when people don't vote. Then we allow the other side, that sure as shit will vote, to provide the direction for us and our country. So fucking frustrating. 
$C: If your vote didn’t matter than why are they trying to steal your votes? Your vote is very valuable.
$C: No, not at all. One of the problems is that the disinformation campaign meant to make you *think* voting doesn't matter has been wildly successful.

Your vote matters. If you're in a red district it matters *a lot*.
$C: Voting matters, it's why these old wrinkled fucks win elections
$C: Apparently it mattered a whole lot in 2016. Go out and fucking vote please jfc
$C: You do realize that the more you degrade voter efficacy the worse our democratic republic will function, right? 

I am not saying that it is a perfect system, or even a near perfect one, but if people refuse to make the educated decision to vote, this country is doomed.
$C: If voting doesn't work then the 2A will.
$C: Well, we can get him out of office if we get a Democrat majority in Congress during the 2018 midterm elections. Everyone forgets about the midterms but they are among the most important.

Join the resistance at /r/bluemidterm2018 and vote November 6th 2018!
$C: right now, donate to organisations like swingleft who go around registering people, or go make sure people are registered yourself to vote. 
$C: This is the problem. Americans are too fucking complacent to actually do anything other than passive things like bitch about it on social media. At most some people might call their senator or throw money at the problem and hope it goes away. 

**This isn't going to solve the problem.**

If everyone refused to go to work and took to the streets maybe something would happen, but nobody cares enough to sacrifice anything other than 2 minutes and a few clicks. It's a cultural problem as much if not more than a political one. Sad!
$C: Maybe not rioting. That shit gets out of hand quick, and just loses its purpose fast. 
$C: > This shit is still treason, and you solve that at a court, with public demand and riots/protests, not by voting.

The only people with the power to impeach the President are those voted in. Voting is the most important thing to do and most people do it. If most people don’t vote, what makes you think most people will protest? 
$C: Do not riot. Just protest. Only idiots riot and destroy other people's property.
$C: Well said, voting should happen but first proper protests are important to show that the American people won't stand for this
$C: Telling people to go out and destroy property and cause violence (the definition of a riot) is treasonous to your country. Pour out into the streets but don't be idiots.
$C: Riots that I've seen in America over the past several years generally consist of the destruction and looting of private businesses and property.  It's *not* okay go out and ruin some mom and pop store, or people's houses, when the owners have nothing to do with the reason the riot started.  That's not patriotism, it's acting like an animal.  Protest, yes, don't just go out and break windows and set fires.  It undermines the cause and the message, and it's more generally just a dick thing to do.
$C: We'll cross that bridge when we come to it. For now, just vote!!
$C: Release the pamphlets!
$C: Until then - stay informed, donate, and protest.
$C: [https://www.dsausa.org/get\_involved](https://www.dsausa.org/get_involved)
$C: Most of what we have evidence for right now is about the manipulation of the American people. Disinformation campaigns did a lot of damage, but most of the votes were still cast by living breathing Americans.


There were a shit ton of attempts on voting software, but as it stands I haven't seen any allegations of hacked machines changing votes.
$C: Yes, and the 2018 midterms are coming up where we will choose the Congress. If the Republicans keep their majority there will be no impeachment. Giving in to hopelessness is exactly what the Russians want!

We're not dead yet! Just vote!
$C: You can do it again in the 2018 midterm elections that decide who leads the Congress. Congress are the ones who can impeach a president. We have a chance to break the Republican majority.

Vote in the 2018 midterm elections November 6th
$C: The hacking was psyops. Didn't physically interfere in any voting machines. Most of the machines are off-network anyway. Many states have paper ballots as backups. Also, state election officials are normal decent people.

There's been no evidence of actually changing votes. Thinking that though might make people not vote on November 6th 2018. Don't get into the bullshit just vote!
$C: I agree that there is shit we can do, but people in other countries I don't think realize how big the U.S. is. If you live in LA it's a 39 hour drive each way to D.C. If you live in Orlando its 12 and a half hours, Chicago 11 hours, even New York City is over 4 hours with no traffic. Its hard to riot in the streets when you have to take 4 days off work just to drive there, ignoring the protest time (especially since in the U.S. people are lucky to start with 10 days vacation).

Edit: daus to days typo
$C: But we'll get in trouble :/ it's not like this is the land of the free or something 
$C: Remember [this scene](http://graphics7.nytimes.com/images/2004/08/29/national/30protest_slide01.jpghttp://graphics7.nytimes.com/images/2004/08/29/national/30protest_slide01.jpg)? That was to stop the Iraq invasion. Didn't work.
$C: Yea, but most of the people who would be protesting this administration (dems and independents) live in urban centers already. 

Also, if a 1 or 2 hour drive is too much to ask for when it comes to changing the future of your country, then gg no re, america.
$C: > It's much, much harder to protest here due to the distances between hub cities, making large scale protests much more difficult than someplace an order of magnitude smaller with 15x the people.

**Jesus Christ can Americans stop this "we have tried nothing and are all out of ideas" crap already?** 

You're a fuckin wuss, mate.
$C: Oh ok then, business as usual. Good try, democracy!
$C: > merica doesn't value employees like many countries do, so we get very little time off from work.

God bless America. The country of freedom. Wankers.
$C: We could start by protesting on our days off. I'm sure there are some already doing this, just waiting for others to join in. It will take more than just talking about it though.
$C: How much worse can it get than what you described in your post? 
$C: Healthcare? LOL
$C: It’s not that simple. Where do you want this protest to take place? Washington? Ok. That’s a two day bus ride for me. So that’s at least 5 days out of work.  I’ve already spent all my vacation time staying home with a sick child this year. Not only will I not get paid but I will probably come back and get fired. We can’t just not go to work. If it was sure to work then it would be worth it, but there is no guarantee that enough people will go so that leaves me with no job and just the fuzzy feeling that I tried. 
Things aren’t bad enough in the US for mass protest. I’ve been saying this for a decade. We’re not hungry, we still have xbox and internet. Until these comforts are gone there will be mass protest
$C: The cheapest way to DC for me would be $77, and I'm closer than 65% of the population
$C: I honestly think you have no idea of just how large the USA is. 
$C: Unfortunately, protesting has become a privilege for those that have the financial freedom to do so. Many low and middle income people cannot protest because those in power have made it impossible.  
$C: Calm down, Elastigirl, that’s quite the stretch. 
$C: They mean vote out the Republican majority. Not vote out every single Republican and create a one party government.

(Though — foreigner opinion here — two party governments also kind of suck. You need a proportional electoral system that allows minor parties to get seats, or allows major parties to fracture. That would permit a much healthier flow of political ideas. You wouldn't have all your eggs in one basket. If your main party disappointed you, you'd still have others to choose from.)
$C: To the contrary, do like us in France and have a representative political landscape with dozens of parties
$C: Even better, make it a 24/7 affair. Disrupt the entire country. That's bound to have some effect
$C: [deleted]
$C: You know I’m usually on your side about this sort of thing but this *absoltely* crosses the line from negligence to 100% knowledge - undeniable by even those who say fake news.

And with the power of social media.... this is gonna be huge
$C: What about the official statements from the US intelligence organisations? Doesn't sound like fearmongering to me.. 
$C: Or the ability to walk away from their jobs/families/struggle to survive to protest 
$C: Not sure if I'm missing a joke or if you're just being a dickhead 
$C: I really think that occupying trump properties is probably the best course of action to actually get a response out of trump. For every person that has the weekend off, there are probably 3 people that don't who would be willing to occupy on their non-weekend days off. There are also plenty of unemployed people that are ready for some civil disobedience.

Who knows what that response will be.

People always say that trump will order in the military, which is a possibility. People always seem to forget the national guard is essentially a state level military, under control of the governor. Additionally, the people in the military swear under oath to protect against all enemies, foreign and **domestic**. The people that are truly in charge of the military would see pretty clearly who the domestic threat actually is.

We need to start the occupy trump properties movement. People will keep that going once they see how effective it would be to get supreme cheeto's attention. I hear there are a bunch of empty houses owned by russians down in Florida. Sounds like a great place to occupy for anyone worried about being homeless as a result of not being able to work while protesting.
$C: I think they call it civil disobedience.
$C: [deleted]
$C: If you have the balls you could do it alone and inspire others. 
$C: Tell your friends. Pick a date, for example this weekend, make a Facebook event, invite as many local people you know, tell them to tell their friends.

It's better to have a few small, unorganized, local protests than none at all
$C: When it really counts the protests will not be organized.

$C: "turn off your computer and take to the streets"

*-guy who doesn't turn off his computer or take to the streets*
$C: Pretty sure it’s illegal to fire you for your political beliefs. Also sounds like a good opportunity to get a new job.
$C: Lol, not yet. 
$C: And revolt. 
$C: Your feelings of surprise will not make it happen. Use your legs
$C: Americans are being too passive
$C: And that's the fulcrum of the Russian plan. If you are American and are not right this very second actively organizing a march, general strike, etc, then you *are* the problem.
$C: I'm gonna file that one under my "truth" boosting doctrine here. Since presumably you'd be sharing/supporting good journalism to do so. 

(Also gonna blame my lack of direct mentioning it under sleepiness at 2 am forgive me.)
$C: I don't think we meant for it to be this way. George Washington himself warned about the evils of a party system in his farewell speech. I think it's just the natural end game of the rules our democracy has set out.
$C: I agree that only having 2 political parties is fucked up, but it’s not like American redditors reading your comment are the ones that did this. We’ve had 2 major parties since the very beginning of our country. We have the option to vote for 3rd parties, but the way our voting system is set up, it doesn’t do anything unless the majority of the country agreed to vote for a 3rd party in the same election...and that’s not easy to orchestrate. 
$C: Read the thread. Seemingly all of the conversation is about removing Trump. We haven't been able to trust the Red Party to fix the problem, so remove them we must. 
$C: The Republican party *is* Trump.  I wouldn't fault anyone for voting for Ben Sasse or Justin Amash, but the list is pretty short of Republicans who have shown willingness to stand up against Trump.
$C: As a Frenchman, agreed. Why don't they have plenty of right wing parties alternatives like we do ? If your ideals don't align with a party, protest by voting the other powerful right wing party
$C: ok.
$C: Just paraphrasing the illustrious president.
$C: Find a Democrat running in your area and volunteer to help their campaign. That accomplishes 1. meaningful effort towards affecting the midterms and 2. Networks you with the type of people who might go protest now. 

Also call congress, regardless of who your senator/representative is. There are guides on how to do it if you need help.

Edit: And support the Ranked Choice Voting campaign in your state (may have a different name) to get rid of first-past-the-post, which will improve our election system. 
$C: [Click here](https://www.vote.org/) to 

* Register to vote

* Check your registration status

* Get your absentee ballot

* Find your polling place

* Get an election reminder

Midterms matter just as much as the Presidential election. Vote.
$C: Maybe the barebreasted women flying torn flags will help.
$C: Start one. They aren’t happening because everyone thinks someone else should start it and let them know through social media. They don’t need to be official. The protests were big enough in Britain last week — bigger than Trump’s inauguration crowd — and they started organically.
$C: He has never been held to account in his life. You are watching the contempt of a man who has been surrounded by sycophants for 5 decades and can't believe he is expected to behave differently now.
$C: He's a pathological liar, he's never saying the truth
$C: Let's be precise, he's trying to make sure there will be so much violent unrest when he gets impeached that he gets a Nixon style treatment for the sake of the nation rather than a traitors treatment.
$C: >He needs to give up and speak truthfully for once.

LoL this would never happen in a Million years, he will go to his grave thinking he was the best and the most popular president that has ever lived 
$C: He's also an egotist that would never admit he only won due to outside influence, whether he was aware of it at the time or not. He just has to believe that he is the best.
$C: Lying to cover his own ass was Clinton’s downfall, maybe it can also be Trump’s.
$C: He literally cannot speak truthfully. He lies about everything. I don't think he even knows what the truth is.
$C: If he spoke truthfully, the Republican party might actually turn against him. Can't have none of that now.
$C: um, yeah, so that is not going to happen.  Your power is in your vote.  It's going to get ugly when we impeach him, and uglier still if we don't.  Hold on to your hat, and keep hope alive.  
$C: I just hope he doesn't die before sentencing. 
$C: He has never spoken the trump, I’ll bet he would collapse!
$C: Good luck with that.
$C: Vote Democrat.  
$C: The senate will decide his fate.
$C: He said indicates, not proves.  This is why there's a special investigation.  
$C: Honestly the collaboration thing is a legal landmine for some. But violating the oath of office by literally doing nothing after Russian hacks? That’s easier for the public to understand. Imagine if Russia hacked anything else - Wall Street, the power grid, etc. A president would be impeached if they didn’t respond. 
$C: If anything this actually sounds like it makes the case that they didn't know until after the election.
$C: That's why he lies to himself about the EC being "good for democrats" and illegal voters. He can't get past Hillary winning the popular vote, so he brings it up all the time.
$C: > Democrats will be satisfied if he just is out of office and then they will say we need to heal and look forward and move on and all of that braindead idiocy.  
   
I know you're talking about the politicians rather than the voters but FWIW I'm a life long Democrat and I want to see that fucker hang for treason.  The whole family and cabinet should get prison time. And if any of the congress critters were in on it, they should get fitted for orange jumpsuits as well (I'm looking at you Devin Nunes)
$C: Can you elaborate? Why would a country helping a candidate get elected without that candidate’s knowledge be grounds for impeachment?
$C: I think the idea is that Traitor could have admitted that Russia took independent action to assist him, there'd be some hemming for a bit, and then the whole thing would die down before the nation started wondering if Traitor _colluded with_ them.

Instead, Traitor denied the whole thing happened, repeatedly, despite evidence it did, and firing people looking into it, which raised a lot of red flags about _why_ Traitor was trying to deny and hide the fact Russia took action which helped him.

This would have played out a lot differently had Traitor admitted Russian interference early on, publicly chastised them, maybe took some minor action against them for a bit, and _then_ started trying to sell them legislation once people moved on.
$C: Literally zero voting machines were hacked and no votes were faked so your first spiel is nonsense.
$C: Wouldn't giving up the presidency be also a logical idea? Because since we know for sure now that the election was meddled with and we can't be 100% certain whether the presidency is fully legitimate, he could also make place for a new president to place in an election that is hopefully legitimate.

However now that i'm writing this, i see that my solution isn't fully thought through because we don't have safety measures to prevent that from happening again...
$C: I'm not from America so this may be a stupid question.

Trump has said many times that there was no collusion. But if there is evidence that Trump knew that Russians interfered with the presidential election, is that treason?

If that is not treason then what is it?
$C: I think there's a tiny margin between "worthless" and "actively treasonous".
$C: Except bad deals don’t help them nearly as much as not enforcing sanctions, reducing the US NATO commitment, and publicly denouncing US intelligence agencies - so I’m very skeptical of this argument.
$C: Hey! It’s not like he didn’t try. He knew three words from the first paragraph.
$C: The law enforcement agents, the leaders of which have ALL lied under oath? Why would anyone trust them? Comey has so many lies under oath its insane.
$C: The American people are either poor and working terrible jobs with long hours and therefore don't have the money or time to protest, or they are not concerned, or they are content to complain about Trump without doing anything or leaving the comfort and safety of their home.

Revolution is only 3 meals away is the quote, and the American consumer has an abundance of luxuries that make it so that hiding away in your house is more desirable than going out and actually doing something.

Also the police will break up any big protest.
$C: People are protesting. Nothing happens. The right laughs about the protests because their side is "winning"
$C: People do protest, but the country is so big that it's easy to ignore even really big protests. 
$C: I mentioned this in another thread before but I know personally, I can't miss work. I can barely afford food right now much less time off to go protest. I imagine there must be others in a similar situation as me, and so I imagine that's a big factor. Another issue too is there is still a large portion of the US who doesn't believe Trump has ever done anything wrong and it's all fake news. It's frustrating times 
$C: People have been protesting. When Trump got back from meeting with Putin there were massive protests at the White House. The issue is that no one in the White House gives a shit. 
$C: A lot of us are geographically sorted. If there are protests in, say, a liberal city (which let's be real is most major cities) you're at best preaching to the choir and at worst mocked on right wing media as triggered liberals.
$C: Mostly because we can't afford to. 

Example: during the teacher walkout here in Oklahoma people paraded and protested around the capital for 2 weeks straight. The legislation met, made a bare minimum increase to funding that may or may not cover a small teacher raise over 2 years, and then did nothing. Waited the protesters out until they HAD to go back to work. 

Same concept here, there's nothing we can do because the majority can't miss enough work to make sure anything changes. So really the only option we have is to vote them out, but in my opinion, there's a decent chance even that fails. I've had my doubts that our votes actually count for a while, and the election meddling that has gone on only reaffirms this.

But anyway, back to the point, how do you organize enough people to get together, take part of their 10-15 days of vacation for the year(which isn't enough time for anything to happen), and have them spend it protesting instead of enjoying time with their family? There's just so much wrong with our system, and it seems we've walked into this trap that we have no way out of. 
$C: Wait, what? This is not happening at all.

Literally all the legal options to remove Trump/fight Trump are being worked on.

We *are* protesting.

We *are* fighting.

There are many, many legal ways to fight Trump.
$C: We seemingly have larger anti Trump protests in the UK than in States....wtf America?
$C: Maybe because Americans are rich and this didn't affect the average Americans comfort levels? Like they can just go on with their day like nothing happened. 

Of course I am speaking generally. The results of the election have no doubt had a tangible impact on many people's lives. 

When I see people protesting in less wealthy Nations, I assume it's because they have so much more to gain or lose. 
$C: Got a feeling all that army surplus material going to local police forces was someone thinking ahead.
$C: well, they already know they're the world's greatest democracy ^^TM so they can't imagine ever needing to protect that
$C: [deleted]
$C: We've done a dozen protests over millions of people each time.
$C: Because toxic, divisive rhetoric has torn us apart, and made it so if you don't support the party in power, that makes you an "evil liberal" who hates God, guns and the Constitution. Because the Internet lets you selectively see the worst of us and turn us into extreme reactionaries who would support an obvious despot-loving con man because he triggers the libtards and the SJWs. Because stations like Fox News have a clearly biased aggenda that is completely invisible to people who have deluded themselves into living in a fantasy world where Democrats are *literally* Satanic and Fox News is a rightous paragon of good, not a party propaganda wheelhouse. It's because so many of us selectively create the world we want to live in, ignoring the parts that don't confirm our biases. As long as Americans can have a few luxuries, we'll go on apathetic as our Republic devolves into a dystopian police state controlled by foriegn powers.
$C: Believe it or not, there are enough people here who support this man that *other* trump supporters can cherry pick and say that people love him. our government is the worst
$C: People can't afford to quit their jobs to pro
otest, and those who can simply don't care. We have too many distractions in our daily lives, so a truly gigantic majority are completely and totally apathetic. 

$C: Because Trump still has a 40% approval rating. Crazy! 
$C: People do protest here. We just have such a fear of the police (who are pretty much above the law) besides the other reasons mentioned here. Google, "American students pepper sprayed during peaceful protest'. This was *before* Trump...
$C: There's been record numbers of protests.  Shit the day after his inagguaration, Donald trump got rejected by the most women in history because of the women's March protesting his treatment of females
$C: When do you hold a protest and where. Most Americans live thousands ofilea from Washington. Many will get fired if they miss work to protest. 
$C: because everyones living hand to mouth, so if we stop working for like a day we are fucked lol...

kinda true though...
$C: One  word: complacency.
$C: Learned helplessness. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: People are too comfortable where they are to do anything. They don't directly feel the burn, but the fire is clearly not far. Just too far to justify moving.
$C: We have our football to pay attention to. 
$C: Too busy with Instagram, Reality TV, and corporations spend billions to suppress information and they try to spin things so lazy people don't fight against anything. This is America. 
$C: Practice.
$C: Denial by the populace. There are people with their heads so far up their asses that they won't bother to speak out against a president who denies the truth.
$C: The American public has been divided by design, thus have been made unable to do anything about the situation.

The media is mostly to blame for this.
$C: The majority of people still are pretty well off. All we need is one small hiccup to have the house of cards to crumble, but yeah, this is ridiculous.
$C: Don’t be fooled by our Hollywood movies displaying us as machismo heroes. Most of us are apathetic pussies
$C: There have been a record number of protests against Trump and his policies... from all walks of society: scientists, women, religious groups, lgbtq groups, immigration reform advocates, military men and women, advocates for healthcare, and even a mass exodus of senior diplomats within the State Department.

Even more promising, the number of people from these groups entering into local politics rose dramatically in the past year and a half. Filling local government with candidates who want to institute more equitable and logical policies not only benefits our communities, it impacts civil discourse and accountability on a national scale. Political entry is also a form of activism, but the payoff takes a while.

Political activism has always been a part of American society, it’s just not a shiny news story that gets published internationally because is doesn’t draw clicks.



$C: [deleted]
$C: We get shot, or sued by the government. Simple as that
$C: It's because the economy is doing well. If the market crashes things will turn. 
$C: My guess would be is that people in general aren't starving or otherwise dying because of the government.
$C: Well, they have never lived under Pinochet.
$C: Seriously this fucking narrative that Americans dont protest needs to stop. We fucking do. Ever see that picture of UC Davis with the cop pepper spraying RESTRAINED protesters? If a big enough protest happens, the army will come and beat people, no doubt in my mind.
$C: They are all on reddit commenting and tweeting? I am also amazed at how no one has taken to the streets over this. His inauguration is the only thing that has moved people 
$C: Because too many people believe that President Trump is the one stripping the power from the REAL bad people/deep state/swamp/insert buzzword here. 
$C: The power was stripped in the 70's, now it's just being taken advantage of.
$C: We are hapless consumers owned by our corporate overlords. Our debts are so high we dare not rock the boat for fear of drowning.  


Anyone interested in a the unintentional molevolance perpetrated by the food industry. Should read "Salt Sugar Fat: How The Food Giants Hooked Us".

You will learn how you are manipulated into making purchases and how you are manipulated into over eating. 
$C: Most Americans honestly want to do something but the working class has too many more immediate concerns, like bills. 
$C: People *do* protest but it falls on deaf ears. 
$C: wena ctm
$C: there are protests going on but the country is so spread out it's not easy to get a million people into the same place at the same time
$C: Unfortunately we can’t always bring family or children to a protest because there’s a chance of violence from the opposition. That puts a damper on most Americans with a family to take care of. Also, people who are lower income usually are working 2-3 jobs which makes it hard to find the time. There’s not as much opportunity to protest as you would think, which is definitely a problem.
$C: Because it's already been stripped. This isn't news. We protest, they ignore us, call us radicals, and avoid the protests. We don't have power to overturn the government. All we can do is hope enough people regret their decision to elect this guy and swing the tide against him and his "party" come November.
$C: Complacency 
$C: I can't lose my job. I'm on a $4k a month medicine that requires health insurance and I don't think I could afford it and everything else on the ACA, unfortunately.
$C: >As a latin american, I'm baffled by the lack of power y'all have. Here in Chile we would be protesting at the very least. How can the American people sit idly by when all power is being/has been stripped from them?

Honestly, becuase it doesn't/hasn't really affected everyone yet. The stores have food, the gas stations have gas, the lights are on, the stock market is trending up, and unemployment is fairly low. 

Additionally, half the people in the US think what trump is doing is great. They thinking pissing on Europe and Mexico and Canada makes America better. America is flexing it's muscles to show everyone who is boss. They love how un-PC he is and think it's great/hilarious that he makes fun of other world leaders. 

The other half of America is hoping that Trump is voted out and the damage (real or perceived) can be reversed. Protest won't accomplish that. Trump and his administration has proven they don't care what you (or anyone) thinks. And anyone that criticizes him becomes a target for insults or worse. 

For example, Trumps Press Secretary (person who speaks on behalf of trump daily as press breifings) was asked to leave some random tiny little restaurant. Everything was done quietly and politely, and the meal to that point was comped.  That press secretary and Donald Trump both went out of their way to disparage this restaurant. That wasn't an accident. They knew their rabid followers would go nuts and their intent is to get this placed closed. The lesson being, "This is what you get when you offend me and my entourage." 
$C: Childish Gambino says it best in "this is America". First comes shock, then entertainment followed by noise and finally memory loss.

This is America.
$C: Also, protests work differently here. It is a massive country. This isn't like London where anyone who wants to atte d the protest can hop on a train anywhere in the country and fairly easily make it to london. It's really hard to get to DC from even places in the east coast, let alone from elsewhere in the country. And am I supposed to protest in my small town? Protest at the civic building where everyone who lives here agrees anyway?

Protests like this are just not as easy to do in the United States. 
$C: The American people are very happy with President Trump. #MAGA
$C: Because approximately half the country buys into his shit 
$C: Because we love our cheeseburgers and MTV too much. How the eff is the most obese country in the world going to get off their ass to protest let alone go for a walk around the house? 
$C: Theyre too fat
$C: lol people protest all the time. It just doesn't do anything.
$C: We try to protest but then a kardashian has a nip slip and the country goes crazy. 
$C: Ironic that Trump didn't win the popular vote to begin with

People voted, the votes said what they wanted

And it didn't happen
$C: Gerrymandering and Russian meddling can fuck up that option too. 
$C: With what?
$C: Trump can't even pay attention to a staircase.
$C: Poo?
$C: If you give me the hundreds to thousands needed for transport more than halfway across the country + food/water/shelter (especially water and shelter with this heat), I'd gladly go. I just don't have those kinds of resources myself.
$C: Every letter helps.
$C: "Better dead than red" has aged amazingly well.
$C: Someone call up Liberty Prime, because it's better Dead then Red.
$C: And thus it's fucking time to just fucking shun blind GOP voters in your lives. I don't give a fuck if you wanna hump your guns, hate taxes, and think abortion is murder; the GOP is upholding a fucking traitor.
$C: Money money money
$C: And I sure they will get a nice house and healthy chunk of cash when the Russian overlords take over. 
$C: Yololooo

Now Blue is Red
$C: Get out there! Don't wait for someone, somewhere to do something. Be that someone. People will join you—I guarantee it. Whenever you have some free time, go to the courthouse with a sign. Just sit and hold it, that's all you have to do. But we have to maintain this, day in and day out, when we can reasonably do so, until shit starts happening. People will join you and momentum will gather. We're all ready, man. Let's fucking do it.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Typical troll
$C: It wasn’t bullshit. A well regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free state means exactly what it says it does. The freedom of the states must be enforced by force of arms
$C: Right but what does it mean? I know how to read, I simply don’t understand what the effect is. Are we just looking at another upvoted article, or are there actual consequences for something like this? 
$C: What does “acting” require at this point? I don’t even know what the next steps are at this point. I’m so confused what’s even going on. 
$C: He also didn't say no in his answer.
$C: Yeah.  That was a laugh along the lines of, "if I did, I wouldn't tell you, dumbass."
$C: Source??? I would like to see this.
$C: Same exact shit has been happening here in the Philippines. We feel you, brothers.
$C: I lost a lot of IQ points reading that comment
$C: So he's grabbing republicans then?
$C: I’m more afraid he’ll start a war. 
$C: I hate that this made me laugh. 
$C: They'll let him do anything.
$C: Source?
$C: I honestly have no clue but if I had to venture a guess as to why: $$$.
$C: I'm honestly impressed anyone remembers this comment I left. I think you're the third one. But you're right, nobody is talking about this topic. It's disgusting how much he gets away with.
$C: Don’t you mean UGEEEEE? 
$C: The issue is he has an 80% approval rating among republicans. Trump still has a 40% approval rating overall. Americans aren't doing anything because they are too lazy, they aren't doing anything because they are too fucking dumb to see what's going on.
$C: > "get on the streets and force him out..."

Trump will never be overthrown, certainly not with violence. 

* 42% of the country supports him. 
* That 42% would take up arms to destroy any attempt at a coup or revolution. 
* That 42% holds far more guns than those who oppose him. 
* That 42% controls all the territory that provides food water and electricity to the cities where you demand people in the streets.
* That percentage of support is much, MUCH higher amongst the military and police.

What I'm saying is, the left tends to underestimate not only the breadth of support President Trump has, but also the intensity of the loyalty his base shows and the capabilities and resources of that population.
$C: You're kidding, right?
If not, [will a video of him on stage](https://youtu.be/rMmiLWDpCno) suffice?
$C: [SOURCE](https://www.realclearpolitics.com/video/2016/01/23/trump_i_could_stand_in_the_middle_of_fifth_avenue_and_shoot_somebody_and_i_wouldnt_lose_any_voters.html) 

He said “5th Avenue” instead of time square.
$C: [deleted]
$C: If this kind of thing wasn't in line with what he's constantly saying, I'd probably agree. 

Here are some other dictators he's given praise. If you don't know what kind of atrocities these men have committed, look them up.

On Erdogan

> "Trump was very frustrated; he wasn't getting commitments from other leaders to spend more. Many of them said, 'Well, we have to ask our parliaments. We have a process; we can't just tell you we're going to spend more, we have a legal process.' Trump turns around to the Turkish president, Recep Erdogan, and says, 'Except for Erdogan over here. He does things the right way,' and then actually fist-bumps the Turkish president."

He also called him to congratulate him on a winning a referendum increasing his power, and weakening the country's already dying democracy. 

On Phillipines President Duterte:

> “I just wanted to congratulate you because I am hearing of the unbelievable job on the drug problem.”

His "unbelievable job on the drug problem" is more specifically over 6000 extrajudicial murders of suspected drug dealers. 

On Kim Jong Un:

> "At a very young age, he was able to assume power. A lot of people, I'm sure, tried to take that power away, whether it was his uncle or anybody else. And he was able to do it. So obviously, he's a pretty smart cookie." 

On Putin:

> "If he says great things about me, I'm going to say great things about him. I've already said, he is really very much of a leader. I mean, you can say, oh, isn't that a terrible thing — the man has very strong control over a country. Now, it's a very different system, and I don't happen to like the system. But certainly, in that system, he's been a leader, far more than our president has been a leader. ... he does have an 82 percent approval rating, according to the different pollsters...."

On Xi Jinping:

> "He certainly doesn't want to see turmoil and death. He doesn't want to see it. He is a good man. He is a very good man and I got to know him very well."

On Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi

>  "He's done a fantastic job in a very difficult situation. We are very much behind Egypt and the people of Egypt. And the United States has, believe me, backing, and we have strong backing. ... And I just want to say to you, Mr. President, that you have a great friend and ally in the United States and in me."

Trump on the Tiananmen Square Massacre:

> Trump even said China’s brutal crackdown on protesters in Tiananmen Square in 1989 “shows you the power of strength,” contrasting the Communist Party’s action with the United States, which he said “is right now perceived as weak.” 

In defense of his words, he again praised China's massacre there, calling them strong for how they handled it. Calling it a "riot". 

> “That doesn’t mean I was endorsing that,” Trump said. “I said that was a strong, powerful government. They kept down the riot, it was a horrible thing.”

For context

> In what became known in the West as the Tiananmen Square Massacre, troops with automatic rifles and tanks killed at least several hundred demonstrators trying to block the military's advance towards Tiananmen Square. The number of civilian deaths has been estimated variously from 0 to 10,454

----------------------------------

Praising China's communist leader on his anti-democratic victory falls right in line with what Trump has always said. He loves strong dictators and gives them praise when they stomp out democracy. 


$C: Al Franken would beg to differ. Nice try.
$C: Based on what?

That's just the thing: no Democrat has done what Nixon and Trump have done.
$C: Yeah but I would not be surprised to hear him say it. 
$C: This logic makes very little sense to me. If you truly abhor Trump and everything he's doing, then the very last person in the world you should want as president is Pence. He will do everything our current president is doing, and much more. He's a career politician. Unlike Trump he won't shoot himself in the foot before every little thing he does, he'll just do it. He's not going to announce every time he takes a piss so the country can praise and despise him....
$C: I’m just not sure what makes you think that Pence wouldn’t do the exact same things that Trump has done and is doing. I’m sure he knew about this before we the people did and kept his mouth shut. There’s a reason Trump chose him, don’t you think? I think he would do the exact same bullshit while pushing Christianity in politics. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: Such staunch nationalism is the attitude of the 1900s.

Your leaders have a responsibility to promote future interests far more than to dwell on the past.

The reality is that the US as 'the' global power is faltering. China is on the rise.

At the end of the day, more amicable relations between the two nations that have played puppeteer in the shadows of almost every conflict since WW2 is actually a really good thing.

I dont particularly like Putin either, but imagine the possibility. The US and Russia dialing back their animosity might actually be the first time the doomsday clock can legitimately be turned back considerably. Imagine that - A bloke who ran a beauty pagent for 20 years where just about every participant called for world peace... and he might actually achieve it.

Obama got a Nobel Peace Prize for facilitating peace between pawns in the background conflict. As crazy as Trump is, the notion of actual peace between the US and Russia... that is an achievement I welcome - even if it means arrogant Americans have to swallow some pride.
$C: Feel free to answer the question... are you pissed at the attack on democracy in general, or just because it's yours?
$C: The Republican leadership were told what was happening before election day, and Mitch McConnell leaped into action to keep the truth from becoming known, with the backing of many of his colleagues. They're all traitorous scum.
$C: What is the Democrats Russian strategy? 
$C: I’m willing to bet at least 80% of Trump supporters simply aren’t seeing all of this relentless news.
$C: I live in North Florida. There’s Internet. 

Saw the following bumper stickers, on different vehicles *today*: 

* I didn’t vote for Monica Lewinsky’s ex boyfriend’s wife. (actually a banner decal)

* Spay or neuter all liberals.

* Fake News: NPR CNN et al (no Fox News) 

* Execute Killary 

* If I’d known it was going to be this much trouble I would have picked the cotton myself. 

* Does this ass make my truck look big? (Pic of Clinton on horse’s ass) 

* (pic of Bill Clinton) Hillary sucks more than Monica, but she swallows my nonsense.

I don’t think it’s about what they know or don’t know. It’s about being pissed off and having someone to blame. 


$C: Look up the Fox News Effect (also the name of the original academic paper on it). About a third of America can't afford good Internet, or is in a region where it's either weak or so monopilised the average person can't access it. However, most of these people don't want to be off the grid, so they get cable. Fox News to be exact.

Sorry to say, but a third of your country has been locked away from the facts like the subjects of a dictator. They have a highly censored version of the news. And they are useful idiots of politicians who are well off enough to know better.
$C: No, my wife's mom literally got in a screaming match with her son during a holiday visit trying to defend trump..

She had fox news playing on her iPad almost constantly :/

They have access, just no will or ability to use it effectively. 
$C: Every time I see a lot of bad news about Trump that I think might open the minds of Trump supporters I take a look at Fox news and every time I'm amaze how they either don't report it or they have twisted it in Trumps favor, or watered it down by claiming others (Democrats) have done basically the same thing.   So I never get my hopes up until I see Fox reporting the same negative headlines because all the Trump supports watch Fox.
$C: Oh, I 'met' a couple during a protest tonight, screaming "FUCK YOU" ad nauseam. Sure enough, one had an enormous "stars and bars" tattooed on their upper arm, where you couldn't see it until they lifted said arm. They also bulldozed through the crowd, until they ran over an older protester, late 60s, on a public sidewalk, almost knocking her down. 

Those cowards ran away as soon as the police showed.
$C: Anyone who STILL supports Trump and the russian owned GOP after all this shit is an enemy to the USA.
$C: My mom is a huge Trump supporter and will probably defend him after his likely impeachment, but I'm certain it's only because she refuses to acknowledge any and all news outlets. 

The ONLY source of information she gets regarding trump is a daily email from Whitehouse.gov

It really goes to show how informed some die-hard Trump supporters really are.
$C: I learned my dad was a trump supporter the other day and even said the Russia allegations are false and were created by the liberals. I've never been so disappointed in my life. I used to think he was someone who would look into stuff and debate both sides. He's completely blind. I don't understand what's happened to him. He's just ignoring all the evidence against the president. I thought someone born in the height of the cold war would act different when even the slightest hint of Russia being involved was the case. I guess that paranoia has gone. If or when all this comes out to be 100% true I hope he can change his mind.
$C: A kid told me that the left were the "real" fascists. He insisted if I just listened to more Peterson, I would actually be informed. 
$C: There are loads of em here though.
$C: They get their news from Fox and have been taught everything else is is lying to them. It's scary how brainwashed they are. 
$C: Pride
$C: It's all because they're not on Reddit.
$C: As of last week his approval rating was still over 40%. There are *plenty* of Trump supporters. And they are completely fine with *everything* he's done wrong so far as long as it means liberals are angry.
$C: Most trump  voters were anti hillary. I think Bernie would have won had he had the chance. 
$C: So I hope you enlightened him?
$C: carry around tomorrow mornings article in your pocket. show it to any trump idiot. 
$C: Can confirm... had to go live with my aunt’s family last year.  All were very big Trump supporters and out of three people (each with their own smart phone) not a computer in the house and the adults didn’t know how to use Facebook (50ish) and the son didn’t know how to use eBay or Amazon (28).  
$C: People have faith in Trump and unfortunately facts bounce of faith. If you talk about due process, legalities, issues without mentioning Trump at all you can bypass that faith problem.
$C: I live in central Alabama. A good portion of the people here support him and they’re on FB all day long talking about it. They’ve bought in 100% 
$C: All of my coworkers (save a few) are trump fanatics.  They read all of this,  but continue to parrot "fake news!" And "the intelligence agencies have been out to get trump,  of course he doesn't believe them!". They bend over backward to defend every single thing he does. 


It's sickening.  I identify as a Republican,  but i know right from wrong 
$C: Try looking at Fox or Drudge—even right wingers with high speed Internet wouldn’t be aware of all this, simply because the only sources they “trust” will not report this.
$C: I know someone who thinks Trump is great. It makes me sad because the guy is smarter than this, he's just.. insisting Trump is great. I can't even find a reason.
$C: I'm dreading my wife's childhood-best-friend coming to visit and bringing her husband who is an avid Trump supporter.  I cannot even discuss anything except listen to where he's coming from but I know he'll bring it up.  I cannot discuss it with him because it's impossible to discuss something with someone who doesn't even know why they support something.
$C: Not sure how that explains people like my dad who are on the internet all day and all still Trump minions.
$C: And if he did he'd just be on infowars getting what small amount of functional synapses he has erased.
$C: [removed]
$C: Wait there are actual supporters left? I get the people hanging on for 2A judge appointments (me). But actual true support???
$C: Doesn’t bother us, never will. Don’t trust mainstream media. These are the same people who brought you THOUSANDS of “polls” that had Hillary  winning in a landslide 
$C: How did she react to the tape? 
$C: I do too, i miss the 90's when our leaders didnt fill our heads with such hateful rhetoric. Hopefully one day our countries can work together for the common good for both our peoples. 
$C: My friend, i voted for trump in the election, and the US knows far more than you think. 
$C: They predate him winning the election too.
$C: I think it started off as a simple crush, and the gift putin gave him while he was in Russia was hookers. 

The hookers secretly taped the sex, probably weird embarrassing sex, probably underage. 

Trump can lie and deflect anything except video proof. He knows he will lose everything and so he's doing everything Putin tells him.

There is no other explanation that makes sense. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: that's a respectable amount of friction in just 24 hours
$C: Its possible trump didnt actively collude but his entire inner circle including family did. 

In which case he's defending his son and kushner. 
$C: >I think a lot of stuff would have come out about it by now if it was

Seriously????

"I love it, especially later in the summer"???

We literally have emails showing the collusion.
$C: It's both. His ego is what made him prime target for Putin to manipulate. The collusion was Putin's plan and Trump's ego was and continues to be the motivation and one of Putin's primary methods of control over Trump.
$C: Don't get me wrong, I am 99% sure he colluded. The 1% of doubt I give him covers the fact that his team and family were clearly colluding even if he wasn't.
$C: As long as they’re smart enough to not leave a paper trail, there may never be enough hard evidence to prove it beyond reasonable doubt. If Putin and Trump speak in private, a bunch of bags of cash change hands and promises are made - you’ll never prove shit.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Oh I know. It's testament to how insane our current reality is that the only thing that brings me any amusement is the idea that he might not be in on the "joke".
$C: Trump couldn't even admit that he lost the popular vote. I think that it's exponentially more likely that he's unwilling to admit the possibility that he needed Russian propaganda to win than it is that the FSB has a tape of him getting pissed on.
$C: I'm reminded of the totally unexpected and wonderful reveal in Hot Fuzz, when all the cop's grand, elaborate conspiracy theories are shot down by the most mundane motive ever. 
$C: Quit assigning trump characteristics hes never had. Like intelligence, and you'll understand his motivation
$C: Zero uranium went to Russia.  

Hillary’s state department, not her, but the head of a division under her, along with 8 other cabinet members, approved the sale of a uranium mining company.  

Now. You got that sale?  It was a merger with yes a Russian owned mining company. 

But here’s the kicker.  That parent company and the absorbed company have no license to sell uranium out of the US. 

Afterwords a small portion was sold to Canada under a seperate license.  And a small portion went to western European countries. But that transfer was signed off by the department of energy and is not particularly unusual with our allies. 

Recap. 
Hillary didn’t make the decision

If she did for the state dept, there were still 8 other cabinets that had to sign off

No uranium was sold to Russia 

Mining rights were sold and they came with laws preventing what was mines going to virtually any other country without additional approvals.  

The only accounted for mined uranium that did go to other countries went to allied nations.  

[Read for yourself](https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/hillary-clinton-uranium-russia-deal/) 

You want to know the types of stories the Russians were spreading to influence the 2016 campaign? This one. You bought it.  Don’t feel bad millions of others did to. But it’s not too late to learn the truth.  Man up and accept you were duped. 

Edit a word and formatting. 
$C: The supposed Uranium 1 scandal has been debunked so many times, including by Fox News. Did you miss that? 
$C: So fucking sick of the “but Hillary...” argument every time Trump makes a jackass out of himself or evidence against him comes out.  Hillary isn’t the one kissing Putin’s ass for all the world to see.  Can you guys ever have a discussion without deflecting?  
$C: If you have a tiny ounce of rational thinking left  in your brain and have followed events from the last two weeks, you’d realize why people feel he’s either losing his sanity or is compromised. But then, if you are rational, you wouldn’t even be making this comment. Or be in T_D. 

I’m sorry for how deluded you are. That’s my last word to you. Good luck and I hope you recover. 
$C: If it looks like a duck, walks like a duck, quacks like a duck...  

Donald Trump is a Russian Agent, and it is transparently obvious.   This is why Trump has spent the last two years using a psychological attack on the public known as "gaslighting".  He tells big, bold, easily disproven lies about stuff that is obvious to everyone, with the goal of making people doubt reality itself.
$C: Probably not lad. Kremlin wanted agents dead on foreign soil and perpetrated the attacks as a blatant act of war. It is part of Russias long plan to destabilize the western world.
$C: FOX never says it
$C: Trump actually deserves to be impeached. 

We can help make that happen by voting in the 2018 midterm elections on November 6th of this year for Democrats. 

The Republicans will not do anything to stop Trump.
$C: Oh man! Trump does worse things *daily* than Bill ever did
$C: Guess a blowjob’s better than no job.
$C: You mean good thing he wasn't caught lying while being a Democrat.
$C: That was slightly before lying didn't mean anything.
$C: Man I cant wait for the video of Trump giving a blowjob to be leaked
$C: That's a paddlin'.
$C: What? Yes he basically did. First he denied ever having business with Stormy Daniels, then when it became abundantly obvious that they at least met, he went hard in saying he never furnished payment to her personally (also a lie). 
$C: Except for the sex he lied about with Stormy Daniels. 
$C: I mean, he lied about having unprotected sex with a pornstar...... so really really close.
$C: Could you imagine?
$C: Oh man... at this point I would LOVE him being caught up in an Oval Office blowjob scandal if for no other reason than to see how my dad would try to reason through such an obvious parallel.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Or about keeping your doctor and insurance.
$C: Really depends on what your definition of “is” is.

Oh wait, Trey Gowdy had a Strzok the other day about the definition of “it”. 
$C: To be fair, you don't have time to clean your own moat when you are sitting in your constituency, pretending to care. It is only proper that the people you are doing all this... Err.. Work? for should for the bill! 
$C: It is like the cold War all over again, Red v Blue, no, wait, it is more like a political version of Red Dawn
$C: I don’t like Trump myself either but what exactly do we have that we can impeach him for? There are some Watergate scandal parallels with him based on the entire situation with Russia but there is no hard evidence to prove that he knew/agreed to Russia rigging the election.

Political parties aside, I don’t see how Trump could possibly be impeached atm...
$C: Almost half of eligible voters did not vote in the 2016 election. If even a fraction of those people show up for the 2018 midterm elections on November 6th, we have a real possibility of breaking Republican control of Congress and being able to begin impeachment proceedings!
$C: They perfectly envisioned politics becoming a team sport, problem is that they designed a system that 100% supports team sport.
$C: I think they did, just not a two team sport. With both teams competing to be ‘it’ that year, and then slowly cycling players back and forth for cash prizes.
$C: Woa woa, this is reddit yo.  You can say what you want but there may be actual consequences here! 
$C: Sessions was under oath, and didn't receive consequences for his perjury. Hell, Kushner gets to bullshit his security clearance forms and receive no penalty. There is no accountability for these people. 
$C: Republicans sadly control all branches of government right now. We can break their control of Congress by voting in the 2018 midterm elections this November 6th.
$C: peace in our time, man
$C: They got the delusions though...
$C: They're a propaganda superpower.
$C: I think you missed the point.
$C: Nothing is more dangerous than a wounded super power.
$C: They may no longer be a superpower anymore but I’ll be damned if they haven’t taken what abilities they have left and used them to their full advantage. And even worse we just let them do it. 
$C: All the more shame you should feel if you’re getting it up the ass from some measly non-important nation. 
$C: >
The people:

Anti white racists who want to ethnically cleanse whites through immigration

Malcontent Marxists who want to kill white people

Crypto commies who don't understand basic economics

Spinster women who want big daddy government to pay for their abortions and kids 

Criminals, both blue and white collar 

People who hate America and want to destroy the constitution 

Soyboys who don't have enough testosterone to think for themselves 

The people"

Found on /r/t_d just moments ago, talking about the new Democratic slogan "For The People." That's right. In the midst of all that's going on, a new slogan is what they're worried about. And that's not even considering how fucking stupid and asinine the comment is

$C: Nobody wants to. 
$C: Honestly I don't know where else they can hide from the shame any longer.
$C: or why the stupid snowflakes keep complaining when they want LGBT folk to be hanged. it's just like their opinion, man! at the same time they'd love to ban everyone not liking them.
$C: They want it to be private?!  I remember when they had to adjusted the algorithm to stop them from fraudulently spamming the front page!
$C: I was banned after my first comment.
$C: I didn't know this, I'm glad
$C: When will they just ban that shit hole 
$C: I love the irony of T_D being a safe space echo chamber, complaining about liberal cry babies and their political correctness.
$C: It is so ironic that the people who are most likely to call others snowflakes are the ones who are most easily offended. 
$C: While the people on T_D may want it private, the people who post and run it don't. How else could disinformation spread on reddit?
$C: Everyone at the subreddit is a sociopath. 
$C: If they want it to be private they should get off reddit and go join stormfront of hang out in the breitbart comments. 
$C: Okay but assuming reddit admins did make that subreddit private...there would be no point in not deleting it entirely. It would just be a bunch of Russian bots chatting with each other being cheered on by idiot rednecks whose greatest accomplishment in life is getting above a 50% in Hooked On Phonics.
$C: You're literally in a safe space echo chamber where every single comment short of 'trump is literally the devil' is downvoted

$C: Because /r/The_Donald is basically /r/Conspiracy.
$C: My favorite explanation on why we couldn't have faked the moon landing from a Special Effects expert:

https://youtu.be/_loUDS4c3Cs
$C: > What... why?

They’re not, OP is lying 
$C: Jealous Russians. 
$C: Because we don’t want to hear about emails again
$C: They’re stupid
$C: Did they question the moon landings? I don't see the thread where that happened. Maybe some random individual did it in an AMA?
$C: My friend, some of us question whether the planet that launched Apollo 11 is really round! Everything goes!
$C: The earth is flat. 
$C: People are still also questioning whether the earth is flat or not, so....

Are you really surprised?
$C: How could we have gone to the moon when the earth is flat? /s


$C: They've taken a liking to the flat Earth movement too. 
$C: I haven't seen that discussion on T_D, but the biggest reason people doubt the moon landing is because of the Van Allen radiation belt. It's the reason we never leave low orbit to this day.
$C: When/why would we ever stop? (Being genuine.)
$C: >There is zero chance they came about organically.

Unless the Russians have been playing the real long con and infesting /pol/ for many years before they started up the_donald, there is absolutely a significant chance that they came about organically.
$C: I think the fact that being a full time bicycle racer in addition to his music and astronaut careers is impressive, when he got busted for doping I just said "yeah what do you expect? He's too busy to not need an energy boost!"
$C: Louis Armstrong went into space? I did *not* know that.
$C: Its unkowable. Trolls, bots, people who think its just funny, actual supporters, the Russians etc.
$C: Trolls are people who are sadistic, they got off on the misery they inflict on others.

These are not trolls, they are cultists. 
$C: >Trump g~~o~~od, Hillary Satan

FTFY
$C: Won the battle, it is us to determine if they win the long war.
$C: Because she just won’t go away. It dies down, she tweets, MSM runs a bunch of stories and it starts all over again. 
$C: 85% of registered Republicans still fully support Trump and Fox News wouldn’t be all over him every day if they knew their main viewers weren’t fully behind him.
$C: I honestly can't stand when people say stuff like this. Trump lost by 2% and got ~63Mill votes....according to polling he's retained much of those voters, even after two years of this absurd presidency. 



From my conversations with Trump supporters, I've noticed that even though /TD is pretty extremist, his less extreme followers still use a lot of the talking points found on /TD. 



>Judging republicans/conservatives by the posts on TD is like judging men based off 4chan posts.


The majority of republicans voted for Trump and will probably vote for him again, the vast majority of men do not use 4chan......thats just not a valid analogy.




>Why would anyone go there and use it as benchmark for judging anyone or anything. It’s a tiny amount of insane people jerking each other off and making memes.


Isn't that what we thought going into the 2016 election? 




$C: Are you trying to break the universe again??
$C: No escape from reality.
$C: Wrong to USA is right to Russia
$C: Look up to the skies, and see!
$C: you misspelled *true 

edit:Like Putin said...regardless of the hack, only the truth was released. Trump supporters are grateful and Hillary supporters are salty. Your response to mine is the only ignorant thing I see here. 

NOTHER EDIT: Either you want to go to war with Russia...or you can say touché, since we do the exact same things to them day in and day out. 
$C: Ah yes, the penalty for political opponents in the US can finally be getting exiled to Siberia! #MAGA?

Unbelievable that the US would consider handing over its own diplomats to Russia. 
$C: Not enough to make a difference. 
$C: Tan suit = Not Ok

Treason = Ok

How the US has fallen in such a short period of time.
$C: Uh, literally every news outlet is covering this.  Shit, even talk shows and comedy shows are all over this.  
$C: They're not patriots
$C: This is not whataboutism, because whataboutism is used as a tool to distract from criticism of one side by implying both sides are the same and you cant trust anyone.

No one implied Obama actually did things on the same order of magnitude of Trump, or that Republicans and Democrats are both equally terrible as a result.

The implication was to show how bad Republicans currently are by stating the hypocrisy they are currently exhibiting, which is in no way whataboutism. Whataboutism is meant to sow cynicism and acceptance leading to voting for corrupt and treasonous politicians like Trump.
$C: ~~Party > Country~~

Self > Country
$C: As well as the thousands dead in Puerto Rico. Or the hundreds killed in Palestine because he moved the embassy there in order to help get evangelicals on his side for the midterms. That's the kind of person he is. Someone who is fine with stoking violence in the Middle East because he believes it'll help with Republican zeal come November.
$C: Wat happened 
$C: ...and it doesn't stop there. I literally fear for my life every day to and from work because I drive a Prius in the south, living in a rural area and get death threats yelled at me often and loud truck drivers revving engines at me at regular intervals. It didn't used to be like this before 2016.
$C: It's edgy though, and edgy is "in"

$C: Nah i bet they would have done the same if pretty much any (white) republican won. Those guys are actually fucked in the head, probably cared more about Hillary being a women and a democrat.
$C: That's just absurd to think Charlottesville had anything at all to do with the president.
$C: Morally wrong? Dude, he said John McCain wasn’t a war hero because **he got captured**.

I’m not all “orange man bad plz updoot” but there is no doubt in my mind he would compromise the safety of soldiers/spies, knowing full-well their lives would be at risk, if it meant he could gain credit for something. 
$C: You cant exactly see anything if theres a big pile of money blocking your view.

And also the dirt that they‘ve got on him.
$C: Do you think US Intel was cut off, or do you think US Intel cut off Trump...?
$C: Israel is a major ally to the US in the middle east 
$C: Fuck off
$C: Remember the Saudi Prince who purged a bunch of people in the royal family? Well turns out kushkush gave them the list of who to target. Coincidentally, most were all political rivals, or dissidants.
$C: > In late October, Jared Kushner made an unannounced trip to Riyadh, catching some intelligence officials off guard. “The two princes are said to have stayed up until nearly 4 a.m. several nights, swapping stories and planning strategy,” the Washington Post’s David Ignatius reported at the time.

>What exactly Kushner and the Saudi royal talked about in Riyadh may be known only to them, but after the meeting, Crown Prince Mohammed told confidants that Kushner had discussed the names of Saudis disloyal to the crown prince, according to three sources who have been in contact with members of the Saudi and Emirati royal families since the crackdown

I believe this is the original article they are referring to
https://theintercept.com/2018/03/21/jared-kushner-saudi-crown-prince-mohammed-bin-salman/
$C: [deleted]
$C: Yeah, his goal is to knock us off our #1 world superpower pedestal. 

He also CAN play the long game because while we are infighting constantly he has had decades to work with in control of Russia. 
$C: Exactly my thought.  At best Putin gets valuable intel he wouldn’t have otherwise but at worst he still weakens and destabilizes the US in both cases.
$C: [deleted]
$C: I had that thought earlier today actually. Discredit and burn us to the ground first. Now NATO doesn't have the backing it used to. Slowly pick off the other major powers, insert Britain and brexit and Teresa may. Slow turmoil and fuck everyone elses shit up so no one is friendly. now no one is strong enough to band together.

Immediate edit cause it's late and I don't word good. Something similar to what I said but with more elegance is what I was going for.
$C: I'm convinced he's been planning this for a long time,  just waiting for the right candidate to come along and use as a pawn. 

I also believe that the end goal is to convince Trump an alliance with Europe and NATO is against American interest. Once Trump bites and the US abandons NATO  is when Putin will make take military action in Eastern Europe. 

Putin has been playing chess with the US for over a decade now. He finally found the perfect pawn.
$C: Yep.
$C: Dem KGB skillz. 
$C: Yes. Intelligent people play the long game.

Stupid people do what feels good.
$C: Putin gets so much out of this it's not even funny. With Trump in office he can attack our cyber infrastructure repeatedly without much for public outcry or defense here. The intelligence agencies that are now more important than perhaps ever before are being discredited every day.  Now intelligence from our highest powers is just as optional to some people as vaccines or believing in climate change. 

This is just internal (which by the way I'm sure we'll see even more extreme attacks in the mid-term elections with the blue-surge that's going on) but when we look at external issues it gets worse. Since the cold-war we've found ourselves at odds with Russia through proxy countries and wars we're involved with, think Vietnam and Korea, one backed by the US and their ideals, the other being funded and backed by Russian links. 

What we're seeing is a weakening of American hold on key areas such as Syria in the Middle East and Croatia along with several other regions. Our relationships with allies are being tested and I think it's fair to say that with the size of Russia and China alliances like NATO are absolutely necessary because they extend the strength of allied countries well beyond each individual countries power. 

It's not just division in the US Russia is sowing, they're sowing division amidst the organizations that are holding back potential attacks from Russia. Without strong alliances Russia has the power to do what they like and America will sit complacent as long as Trump stays in this position. They're even using the US to do this, all Putin has to do is sit back and be defended by one of the world's largest superpowers (or at least previously).

If Trump goes on the path he is going unchecked, he will not only be untouchable with potential upcoming rulings in SCOTUS as well as the placement of a new judge filling Kennedy's seat, he will continue to weaken our bonds with the powers that are keeping us protected. 

I'm worried that by the end of Trump's presidency we could see the starting of a new World War with Russia launching an offensive while the rest of the globe stands divided and we will not be able to react quick enough to stifle it before it is too late.
$C: Fingers crossed, but also don't underestimate the KGB.
$C: But what can they do, at this point? How can America recover from this? Worried Canadian here. 

Come on you guys, the engine is flooded. Pump the gas and turn the key. 
$C: Isn't the CIA lost now too? Pompeo and all that?
$C: For fucks sake they killed the good president, why can’t the CIA take out the bad guy now??
$C: And none of his supporters have a problem with that, it is baffling.
$C: So they only feed him information they want to have leaked, and withhold sensitive information. 

They would be dumb not to plan for leaks. Far from game over.
$C: "Deep State"  You mean the day to day intelligence agents of the US who are just going to whatever it takes to keep our citizens safe despite whatever ridiculous nonsense Trump says?

Yeah, our grunts in the field are gonna keep doing their job, but Trump doesn't read any intelligence because he's a dummy narcissist and now our allies may stop sharing with us because Trump would rather ditch our allies because he's in love with Putin.

The best intelligence in the world means nothing if nothing is acted upon it.
$C: There are almost certainly pieces in play to prevent a total collapse of our intelligence sector. I hope and pray that we can rally against the disinformation campaign taking place in November, despite trumps best efforts to cripple us.
$C: Well, if you consider its American newspapers stoking war while Russia is willing to talk instead of threatening war.

I'd call them non hostile 
$C: Wow you're going to take a dead guy's word over the President's?  I like sources that don't get killed, thanks.

/s
$C: Why would Steele be so adamant that it wasn’t one of his sources?

If he was a source and Putin had him killed because of it wouldn’t it make sense to expose it?

Serious question.
$C: Sadly true.
$C: My money is on Sergei Mikhailov who seems to be alive but in a military prison being charged with treason for divulging info to the CIA. 
$C: Or out of operation.
$C: "Steele was adamant that Erovinkin wasn't his source and 'not one of ours.' As a person close to Steele put it to me: 'Sometimes people just die.'"
Hmmm
$C: I hope not.
$C: Roose Putin
$C: Trump is the original Reek from the books, not TheonReek. 
$C: I hope they are smarter than that.
$C: Are you sure they aren't required to?
$C: I would assume he managed to find a way to do it long before that.
$C: We are still sitting here investigating treason while they had that shit caught immediately. It really is a soft rich nation of idiots vs the fucking cold war KGB
$C: Giving aid and comfort to an enemy foreign power, AKA treason. 
$C: blame for what? hillary losing the election after the DNC colluding with the media and rigging her primary election?
$C: well if you can prove theres a crime being committed then im all for due process. but you cant so youll just call people names
$C: we get it, you hate trump. hes going to win again because youre all too busy acting like idiots and calling people names
$C: To be fair, when liberal blogs say "trump is evil" or "trump is a racist" they don't expect their readers to do their homework either.
$C: Too late. I've been watching some people I used to consider friends and acquaintances loudly, caustically, *condescendingly* try to dismiss this entire circus for nearly 2 years now. "It's a witch hunt! Libruls are just mad they lost the election!"  
  
Go check out /r/Conservative and you'll see them actively, loudly trying gaslight against reality.  
Any time one of these major news stories breaks they'll just say "It never happened" and ban anyone who dares to try to discuss it.  
  
It's one thing for a person to be wrong, but when someone begins actively rejecting reality despite mountains of evidence to the contrary, they're just too far gone to want to have anything to do with, anymore.  
  
At a certain point you cross a line from ignorance to evil, whether it's intentional or not.  
There's no coming back from being the people that some have revealed themselves to be.
$C: Maybe Friday will bring a surprise 
$C: Really even /r/conservative which is a LOT more reasonable than many other communties is barely giving a shit and haven't even mentioned that he actually gave the okay for the russian interrogation.
$C: More than that. When have you ever seen him apologize or admit fault? This is the first mea culpa I can recall.
$C: He reversed course not double down
$C: It's your world, too.
$C: helpful.
$C: Shepherds Tone for the uninitiated: 

https://youtu.be/BzNzgsAE4F0


$C: Neither one will flip. The threat of the FSB killing their family is real. 

A lot of info will come out of the next round of people charged, who will most likely be Americans. 
$C: she'll be dead before she flips. Found hung in cell.
$C: Luckily, he can only pardon the federal court case. The state court case is beyond power of pardon.
$C: Starts July 25th
$C: July 25 I believe
$C: Well, he chose these actions. He knew clearly what he is doing, and he knew what will happen if he gets caught.
$C: Play criminal, and treasonous games, win stupid prizes. 
$C: I'm not really sure... looks like he's perfectly content to let Russia invade neighboring countries. He seems to want the US to be more closely allied with Russia than the EU-- this changes the entire balance of power on the globe.

Iran and Russia are friends too, so terminating the Iran deal paves a way for Iran to acquire nuclear weapons and increase the power of Russia's sphere of influence.

If I had to guess what his goal is, it would just to be bringing Russia into America's fold, while pushing Europe out. Ideologically, Russia, being very socially conservative society (anti immigrant, anti feminism, anti-gay) and being an openly oligarchical nation is closer to Trump's vision of what America should be, than European countries.

Trump praises Assad, Dutuerte, Putin, Erdogan, praised China's response to Tiananmen, Trump doesn't believe in Democracy or philosophical Liberalism that's driven "western" society for the past 100 years.
$C: Let the Reichstag burn
$C: Hahahah, did that. Didnt matter. If you vote for who you want, they're usually a 3rd party and have no chance
$C: And right after that Russian agent who was funneling foreign money through the NRA to politicians was arrested, the Treasury Department made a new rule that organizations did not have to disclose their donor list anymore.  

Nothing funky about that at all!  /s
$C: 
>7 of them met with Putin on July 4th for no apparent reason.







It's very apparent, they were getting money and classified information hacked by the Russians to win their elections. 

$C: What do you mean no reason? They were spending America Day with the President of America
$C: It sincerely feels like we have a sizeable Russian fifth column within the United States.
$C: And still no Cybersecurity Chief.

https://www.politico.com/story/2018/06/04/trump-cybersecurity-leader-vulnerable-622813

$C: Certainly to celibrate the freedom their glorious freedom from U.S. oppression.
$C: If I was in congress id thank Putin. That guy saved us from open borders Clinton. 
$C: Haha... July 4th, seriously? How fitting....
$C: Hes fucking mocking us with bags of money
$C: To thank him for his service, of course. What's more patriotic than getting our president elected?!
$C: Wait, what?
$C: If Republicans magically manage to gain seats in the House and Senate this November we need every American out on the streets protesting, our country can not stand being turned into an autocracy right before our eyes
$C: I thought that was some sort of politcal humor. Are you serious?

What the f*** is happening???
$C: And Rand Paul is headed over there to meet with Putin because that's totally normal. 
$C: To a good amount of GOP 'patriotism' and 'being american' is "do what the fuck you want, other people's sensibilities be damned". 
$C: Woah. You really laid it all out there
$C: So I just listened to the Daily this morning and it was really interesting (actually it always is, I'm surprised by how few bad ones there has been).  It talked about how everyone keeps thinking, this is the red line.  Fucks sake, even the GOP themselves have thought, this is the red line.  But what it comes back to is that GOP base.  

It starts off saying that when the access hollywood tape came out about trump grabbing women by their pussy, everyone thought Trump was finished.  Paul Ryan said that this is where he draws the line, others where suggesting he either drop out of lose by an embarrassing margin.  Yet to everyone's surprise, Trump's GOP base not only did not leave him but held on tighter.  This is where the problem lies.  Time and time again, Trump does ridiculous and terrible things but his supporters still love him.  The GOP realized that they fundamentally do not understand this new game of politics and their base.  This is why they are playing chicken.  They are riding this train to the midterms because in they believe that if Trump was able to win with all of the shit against him during the election campaign, their base is strong as steel.  

They aren't wrong though.  A poll came out today saying something like 80% of republicans don't care about Trump's handling of Russia.  Like what the fuck.  Their systematic destruction of critical thinking of american voters and manipulation has gained them such a cult that will be extremely hard to break.  The GOP is like the worst fraternity you ever met.  They hold each other tight through every shitty thing because they know that if one of their members gets caught with something, every single one of them will defend them regardless of the allegations.
$C: The GOP is a shithole of circlejerk. Exactly zero of them are actual conservatives.

The difference of course being that Conservatives will gladly have a debate and are normally smart people . There is no room for Trump and Conservatives to be together.
$C: [deleted]
$C: So basically anti-99% of america.
$C: >  The Republican Party platform is no longer just a “different set of political beliefs” worthy of being respected like any other

Honestly, it never was worthy of respect. They fed everyone a bunch of lies and no one ever called them out on it. 

If schools did a better job, they would have taught everyone how fucked up **conservatives** are and always have been. 

They have literally been shit forever. Slavery? Shit. Civil Rights (blacks, women, gays, etc)? Shit. Science? Shit. Poor? Shit.

Just about everything we have come to realize is the right thing to do, they were on the other side saying "No! Stop! I want to keep things the way they were when my daddy was around!"

I really wish people would see this.
$C: Of 'the Corporation', by 'the Corporation', for 'the Corporation', for which it stands one Nation, under Corruption, with bribes and kickbacks for a select few.
$C: You know it's bad when Comey, a long time Republican, tells the public to vote Democrat.
$C: >The GOP is a cancer on America

You're being too kind.  Noam Chomsky referred to it as the [most dangerous organisation on earth.](https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/av/world-us-canada-39879374/chomsky-republican-party-most-dangerous-organisation-on-earth)
$C: That second sentence could be their pledge of allegiance.
$C: It seems like the GOP are a bunch of people who want to go back to the 80s...

The 80s are gone, and almost 30 years gone. The world has changed.
$C: We call that being a Nazi. You can call them Nazis. It's not exaggeration or alarmist, it's a fact. And if they're not *Nazis* they're so close that I really can't be fucked to hear an argument in their favor. I've had enough of "stop playing the reducto ad nazism" and shit like that; it's complacent and masochistic, if not sadistic to argue in favor of a party that continues to compromise international safety and the lives of hundreds of millions all for the sake of money. Fuck that.

And yes, I do vote. But Trump, who lost the popular vote, was still elected *and* apparently our elections are compromised to a degree that we don't really know yet, but it seems to have had some serious fucking impacts on this country, so I'd be willing to bet it's a lot worse than we've been able to glean thus far. On top of that, districts are heavily gerrymandered in favor of Republicans as well as to neuter large cities as best as possible, since they typically vote Democrat. Oh, and when we do get a Democrat, Republicans spend 8 years fighting every single thing they propose and slandering them and turning the country against them. So forgive me when I say I don't think my vote counts, because it really doesn't seem like it.

God bless America or whatever.
$C: No no. It's pro-rich people. 
$C: Yeah, gotta agree there.
$C: Hey, but they're pro liberul tears lol which is all that matters to half the country.
$C: Thats what the rest of the world thinks since 50 years.
$C: It's always been this way! Don't speak as if it's like some new thing the right is trying on. The nature of Republicanism is the opposite of progress. Why is anyone surprised?
$C: Yeah I'm a republican and this had gone to far. I've been lied to and have been ignored by my party. I'm now a registered democrat and will be voting democrat in November. Country over party fuck the GOP.
$C: I read a comment elsewhere on reddit that was identical to this one... except switch it to say Democrats, and change a few anti-xs... fishy. 

Edit: this user is regularly reposting very aggressive and divisive comments against trump and Republicans. The Russian effort to divide and cause political unrest is not only aimed at upsetting democrats. Be mindful of your emotions and realize that the Republicans in your life are humans who also want the best for the US. These downvotes are making it clear that some of you are falling for it. 
$C: And yet they continue to get votes from each of those groups because the country has not been educated properly and watches reality TV instead of informing themselves on what is happening to their country. Meanwhile, it seems the Democrats sit back and say nothing. 
$C: That’s a lot of hate. Rhetoric like that pushes people to be more republican. When you say because someone is republican (about half the country) they no longer are worthy of respect and are anti-human you make yourself look like a bad person. It’s just hate speech and it makes me sick how upvoted your post will be and how downvoted mine will be. 
$C: Can always tell the extremists who spent too much time in /r/politics...always quick to jump to name calling and blanket labels.  
$C: That's literally every politician. All of them. Every single one. Yes, even *that* one you're thinking of.

There is literally no hope for anything or anyone. It'll do you good to realize that.
$C: Lmao how can you even type this out with a straight face. What a dramatic meltdown.
$C: That they live in. 
$C: Like it’s absolutely crazy but I wouldn’t even be shocked if Russia has some massive dirt on them. Like pedophile sex trafficking ring levels of dirt. It isn’t just Trump. It’s the majority of them
$C: This along with all the other shit going on in the world, someone somewhere is literally destabilising the world to get the next world war. This is all a huge game for them. /s
$C: What kind of death penalties are on the table for convicted traitors? 
$C: No, retards elected them.

I've never voted for a Republican in my life.
$C: Or did we..?
$C: Are we sure we did? Because between all the known gerrymandering and voter disenfranchisement, and *potential* election tampering...
$C: You say we like it was a majority and it wasn't 
$C: >3 months ago
$C: I feel like a lot of folks supposedly feel pretty strong about it and are just sitting on their asses as this goes down. It's as if they were just talk all this time or something. 
$C: It's 2018. No-one is gonna be anywhere near successful in overthrowing corrupt leaders by arming themselves and rising up against them. It's just not possible anymore. Even if every one of the rebels was armed with fully automatic rifles, the government has drones tanks and helicopters on their side. In the past, yeah, but now it's only a fantasy.

We must ensure our rights and freedoms by political campaigning. There is no other way
$C: We can't even have black people block highways without the nation going "woah now thats too much."  

And the Gung-Ho 2nd Amendment types LOVE whats going on right now.
$C: I feel the same way I've felt for years since I grew out of my libertarian days:

As a detterenent against tyrrany it is massively ineffective and, in fact, likely counter productive.
$C: Are there any materia I can add to my weapons to defend against drone strikes?
$C: Lol yes we're taking on the army
$C: Both parties were hacked.
$C: Russia has also been scoping out voter rolls and voting machines for hacks.
$C: Ah, so the original 2016 plan. I mean, they're not master strategists. This article proves what I've been saying all along - Trump and his crew can't help but project. They have so little imagination that they can only latch on to what they're doing and project it to the other side. Then it always turns out, Nope - whatever horrible shit they were accusing the other side of doing, they were doing all along.
$C: Probably the ones from the 2000 election.
$C: the election was a while ago bud, i find it hard to believe theyre still at it
$C: [deleted]
$C: As a reminder, if Mueller is removed then there we need everyone out in the streets protesting

https://act.moveon.org/event/mueller-firing-rapid-response-events/search/
$C: GOP isn't that dumb.  They want the investigation to continue as long as it can because firing Mueller would be the biggest tell that Trump is guilty.  No they rather keep it going so they can make up whatever story they want because Mueller is so tight lipped.  That is the only downside of no leaks from the investigation, it allows the GOP to control the narrative.  
$C: She'd be dead if she did half this shit, as would Obama I think. 

I'm starting to think we might be past the point of no return here. Putin has already won. America isn't going anywhere obviously but the end 1 world superpower days might have just been hurried up by a decade
$C: I think you're right, but it begs the question, why isn't the left rioting right now?  Forget polite protests, why aren't they blocking traffic?  
$C: They would have had riots no matter what. They don't even acknowledge all of the proven false things they called obama on.
$C: I don't know if you can wait for Mueller much longer. As people were saying above, the GOP shut down the cyber warfare office, failed to renew election security funding, and changed the rules so that organisations don't have to reveal their donors. I'm worried that if this continues to the midterms, they're going to be tampered with in some way. And then if the GOP maintains power and uses it to keep chipping away at voting rights and cyber security, there may not be any way to do anything about it before too long.
$C: Mueller *is* a republican and 100 basement dwelling neckbeard terrorists showed up to riot in Charlottesville. Panic like your post is what Russia *wants*. This thread is full of calls for violence already and it's only going to get worse from here. 

Even Fox News had to play defense on the summit so people are starting to sour on Trump. We aren't at game over yet unless this ends in violence now. Even if the blue wave fails (I'm not voting democrat next election because my state GOP was Never Trump and the Democrats still don't represent my interests: Still voting third party) we still have time, and I find it far more likely the GOP impeaches after the primary. 

Ballot boxes before ammo boxes. 
$C: I think there are two big factors unique to the US that make this such a big problem:

The electoral vote system makes voting almost pointless in most states (since the probability that your vote will change the outcome of the presidential election as a whole is infinitesimal). The five or so swing states, and a couple others, are the exceptions. This winner-take-all system rewards winning states by small margins and losing by huge ones. A significant chunk of the US population (\~40 million) live in California or New York, where Democrats usually win, but with major overkill. So HRC wins the popular vote with a margin of around 3 million but loses the race.

The other issue is the South, which is still paying the price for its history of slavery by way of poor education and wealth. I don't want to delve into that too much, but the rest of the US has been economically carrying the South and Republican voters there are able to maintain their delusional beliefs in what would be best for themselves and the country because Democrats have managed to prevent things from getting bad enough. It takes critical thinking skills to disentangle correlation from causation, which brings us back to education. Makes you wonder how the rest of the US would be now if the South had been permitted to secede...
$C: Way longer than 8-12 years. Though Trump definitely tackednhard towards the lowest common denomonator
$C: Other democracies tackle it by not having a majority of idiots, or they have the same problem. And stupidity seems to be spreading faster than ever with the internet, so nowhere may be safe from this problem eventually. Humans have proven themselves incapable of self governing over and over for so long, I’m begelinning to think AI ruler of earth may be our only hope. 
$C: Rule of two. But Putin is smart enough to have a mentally retarded apprentice that can't rise against him.
$C: That's what they said about Darth JarJar.
$C: Oh, sweetie.
$C: By the looks of it, it'll probably end with high treason. But who know which of the many charges will be the one that broke the camel's back.
$C: why would you not believe election results otherwise? 
$C: Let's be clear though, Russia didn't hack election machines or change the vote to go one way or the other. They "hacked" the sentiment of the population just enough to get ambivalent voters to the polls.

The problem isn't outside forces putting questions about our election, that's just a false narrative. The problem is that our system of governance, starting a century ago was and has been bought and sold by moneyed interest. This is largely because the population at large has ceded the process to these groups. Nothing really new there as that's pretty much been the standard around the world forever. The rich control the state. As it has been and always shall be amen.

The difference now is that people recognize it and it's unashamedly out there as the reality. In the long run I think it's good that people are waking up to this fact.

Make no mistake, if the majority of people were educated and cared enough to get involved in a serious way, and some do, to understand the levers of power and what is in their long term best interest, none of this would be a problem. I don't see that really changing because honestly things aren't that bad for the average person from a global living standard perspective. Our homeless still eat better than most of the world population.

Until that changes the system of government won't change.
$C: The Dutch part is so dope. I so hope that they make a ¨West Wing¨ type TV Series with all these details.
$C: Your link provides absolutely no evidence that Trump somehow "colluded" with Russia.  In fact, the story isn't even about that. 
$C: "Who?"
$C: Bringing up Clinton and Yelstin in an article criticizing the president for collusion with a foreign power.  [This wouldn't be the first time the US and Russia colluded to get someone elected](https://www.globalresearch.ca/us-meddling-in-1996-russian-elections-in-support-of-boris-yeltsin/5568288)
$C: I...I want to see this...
$C: I managed to comment twice, before getting banned :/
$C: A face tattoo can still be pretty despite its poor taste. Let's not bring all face tattoos down to T_Ds level.
$C: Don't worry. All That's in there are four lunatics and a whole lot of professional Russian Trolls.
$C: No, more like a Russian. Let’s call a spade a spade.
$C: It means everyone's the same. Because actively lying for at least a bit over a year about the Russians fucking with our elections is somehow comparable to not being a belligerent grump whenever you're around Putin.
$C: They both make him look like a child refusing to eat his dinner
$C: "Obumer said he could be more flexible, he might as well have said he was gonna deep throat Putin and give him Alaska!"

"Trump consistently parrots the Russian party line and his campaign sat down with the Russians because they said they had dirt on Clinton, but that means nothing!"
$C: It's such a furphy when people spread that around like it's some gotcha moment catching Obama on a hot mic. This is standard negotiations for complex geopolitical issues. He was setting the ground to clarify his position following the election. He was stating that election chews up so much time and energy and he's more flexible after the whole thing is over. 

Can't you people read fucking context? 


$C: Trump, hard-on, Russia... sounds about right.
$C: Nazi stuff. 

They called it 'Lügenpresse' 
$C: I mean yeah fuck Trump obviously, but if Obama knew and did nothing shouldn't we also be mad at him? 
$C: Hey. DND folks are not that bad. 
$C: it's honestly unsettling. my dad has been my best friend for as long as i can remember & he has always been conservative right-wing, which i've always just accepted & avoided in the past. but i cannot accept his blind support of this imbecile. i know he is not a stupid man, he knows the difference between right & wrong. it is scary that Trump has these people so brainwashed. 
$C: Hey man, lots of good people play DND!
$C: [deleted]
$C: They’ll be the first stop on my “I told you so” tour after this all shakes out 
$C: Or not. They're completely gone to the dark side unfortunately. I know people just like that. It's a fucked up time right now. 
$C: Two sides to every story, chances are he was an ass while trying to get his point across.
$C: Sounds like that episode of Black Mirror.
$C: [I am a five star man!](https://youtu.be/u7WYFLlxGbA)
$C: They have that in China.

Spoiler: It sucks.
$C: As I recall, someone did, and she was ridiculed for it.
$C: That was my biggest takeaway.

That's straight up illegal, unconstitutional, and horrendous.  

I felt like Jackie Chiles right there.
$C: I'm so confused by that. Does he not knoe how conception works? By what sex act is swallowing the cum out of the vagina possible? And before you say, "he means blow job," okay, but by what blow job can one conceive a child? Does he think any sperm not dissolved in stomach acid magically absorbs to the uterus?

Oh, he's saying "I wish you were never born," but like, that's an oddly pro abortive stance from a Trump supporter. Doss his family know he's so pro choice?
$C: It's still pretty easy to get really rich if you're only a little rich to begin with.
$C: The lowest rungs on the discourse pyramid are insults and ad hominem attacks.
$C: Valid points.
$C: Yeah man, Camacho was a great president, and we'd be blessed to have him. 
$C: When was the last time Korea launched a missile?
$C: When was the last time korea launched a missile?
$C: What happens if my address changes before November ( I move out)? Do i have to go back through the process and change it?
$C: Self-preservation.  They'd get Pence for 2 years but lose the Trump loving portion of their base for a generation.
$C: Because Trump is incredibly popular with Republican voters and they don't want to lose their seats to primary challenges

Also, because impeaching a sitting President of your party who's popular with your voters is a good way to kill enthusiasm for the midterms and greatly increase the chances you lose in 2020
$C: My best guess is that they don’t want the shame of impeaching him. They’d rather stick it out with him just to spite to the Democrats and risk the entire integrity of the US than admit their mistakes 
$C: > I honestly don't get why GOP doesn't just impeach the lying bastard.

Because the GOP base fucking *loves* Trump. This is a complete non-story for those people, and they will do all the mental gymnastics required to keep it that way.
$C: Because the Republican party is complicit in this. 
https://home.treasury.gov/news/press-releases/sm426 This happened on Monday.
$C: They eyes are on Trump, not the agenda of the Republican Party this way. He’s the drunk girl at a party dancing on a table naked. The rest of the republican party is selling drugs in the basement. 
$C: See the NRA and Russian agent that was arrested... they're eyeballs deep in Russian $$$. They can't bring charges without Russia pulling their strings.


This is not only going to bring down trump but likely a large portion of the GOP.
$C: Only thing I can think is that they're afraid Pence and others would go down with him.  They're all in it too deep to survive politically, maybe even legally/criminally.
$C: Because the RNC’s emails were hacked as well as the DNC’s. Because they are up to their ears in Russian money funded through the NRA.
$C: Maybe because the GOP is just as much treasonous as him?
$C: > I honestly don't get why GOP doesn't just impeach the lying bastard.

Because you are making the (not unreasonable) assumption that the GOP is a genuine political party participating in good faith in US democracy. 

It's not, it's a front group for far-right Christian white supremacists who have no allegiance to any particular government. 
$C: Because the GOP lost the election. Those are Trump voters first and foremost, not republicans. Turning on Trump would be costly at this stage. 
$C: I have another theory on this. We know they hacked the DMC and RNC servers but the only leaks have been DNC. What if this is why they won’t flip? What if many are also compromised and on orders that if they don’t support him whatever was stolen will be released? 
$C: As everyone's mentioning, political strategy and a Trump-loving base is probably part of that.

Another possibility relates to something that's been discussed here quite a bit recently... That it probably isn't just Trump who's compromised.  The whole thing about Russia not having released the Republican party's emails, the shady financial links, the Trump associates who have been wrapped into the Mueller investigation.  I bet the American public isn't the only voice being listened to in the decision as to whether or not to impeach one of their own.
$C: Trump's a lightning rod for everything the GOP does wrong. As long as he's up there the constituents aren't quiiiite paying attention to their congressmen.

Plus his personality cult lets him and by extension them get away with shit NO other v Republican could
$C: It looks bad for the GOP to have a Republican president impeached. They're worried they may lose their jobs and their fortunes. They're all still very much benefiting from a Trump presidency and so is everyone is their social circles. They won't do anything and we can't rely on them to.
$C: I believe when they invited the tea party to help them win votes they did not realise how much they would be infiltrated. Now they have a problem , if they go against the tea party they lose there base or a very large percentage of there base, and as they are already such a small party they fear becoming irrelevant.


$C: The "shoot your partner" trick typically means the end of the con.
$C: Because they took russian money via the NRA
$C: There is evidence that more Republicans beyond Trump are compromised. Snitching could be damaging to their criminal record.
$C: The only president to resign was a Republican. No president has ever been removed from office. They don't want the first and possibly only one of those to be a Republican too. It doesn't look good. Party over country.
$C: It's completely obvious that most of the gop is in on it. They aren't covering for Trump. They are covering their own assess. If they impeach Trump, they go to prison. Period. 
$C: Why would they? They own the different branches of government because of him. They have gotten insane tax breaks because of him. It is virtually impossible to make him look dirty because he's made of mud. He is a Republican wet dream 
$C: Sure you do. If they get rid of Trump, they lose his shitty base of voters who would stick by him. They’d lose republican veto power. There are honestly so many reasons as to why the GOP won’t do something about trump. Republicans, especially the ones in congress, are choosing party over country. Spineless cowards.
$C: I also don't get why the fuck the military and intelligence agencies are going along with this. They don't need to threaten a coup but a "Hey Mitch and Paul, sort your shit out or we will" might go a long way...

It's so painfully obvious that something stinks with Trump but they're ok with being sent off to die in Syria, Afghanistan, Mali, or any of the numerous other conflicts we are entangled in when the President is compromised? They take a oath - why aren't they pushing back more?

To be clear, I think a military coup is a terrible idea. But we are running out of options if Mueller is unable to reign this shit in.
$C: Two reasons:

* Fox News has been getting the Republican voters so heavily behind Trump specifically that to cross him would be career suicide

* It's believed that via the NRA a lot of Congressional GOP members are also compromised like Trump and so aren't voting to remove him because if he burns, they do too
$C: Remember that Russia hacked the RNC too. [Maybe they uncovered a child sex ring.](https://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/sheriff-who-once-endorsed-roy-moore-accused-of-having-sex-with-underage-girls_us_5b4f6279e4b0de86f488eb64) It'd explain why the GOP won't do anything about Trump, it'd explain Pizzagate... 
$C: Lightning rod.  They had to pass shit they promised to donors and fail to pass shit they were just using as red meat.  All of it they will be able to put on Trump's head while the Republican party can say they are 'taking control' again afterwards.
$C: I think it's so that they can get as much done as they can before using him as the fall guy and positioning the next person as the answer to all the problems they've created.
$C: They can still squeeze one, maybe three, maybe even five or seven more years of tax cuts out for their donors. Isn't that what politicians are supposed to do? /s
$C: Because the GOP can hold onto power if they lose the 20-30% of face-down-in-the-kool-aide Trump supporters. Either these folks would sit out the next few elections crying about RHINOs or else they'd vote for such radical candidate in the primary that the Democrats would mop up.
$C: No need - if the Dems win big in November then they'll attempt to impeach him. Then GOP can blame the Dems for the fallout from Trump's trade wars and other bullshit.  

The impeachment will likely paint Trump as the embattled hero amongst his base. GOP's manipulation machine will make Dems own all the chaos instead of Trump giving GOP a good chance at 2020.

Or, Reps retain control of the houses in November and they'll assume they can do literally any heinous shit and still win 2020. 
$C: I bet the shitstorm of (largely deseved)  attacks from the left allow them to act like the victim which motivates their base to be enthusiastic even if they don't agree with the issues because it's "us vs them".
$C: The current GOP voting block is the Cult of Trump and Trump Alone.

They don't give 2 shits about Pence or the GOP. Without Trump they have no one.
$C: Because he’s their Obama. No one voted for Dems or Republicans, they voted for Obama and Trump i.e. highly charismatic people who both galvanized outside movements as underdogs and rose to the top to get elected. Republicans are dead on arrival without trump and they know that. They had absolutely nothing to offer in 2016 until Trump commanded the attention. You think they’d give that kind of revitalized voter interest? Hell no. They are counting on Trump and his antics to 1) provide a distraction so they can do as they please and 2) to ensure they retain power. No one in Washington fully “gets” how trump got to be president, I think, but they sure as hell aren’t going to fight it if it keeps them sitting pretty.
$C: You really want Pence to be president? This is a dude who thinks you can be cured of being gay lmao 
$C: As a Hoosier who can't stand Pence, I'd much rather prefer to deal with his excessive religious perspectives than the orange man-baby that acts more like a dementia patient than anything presidential. 
$C: Oh god you just reminded me Pence would next after Trump if he’s impeached😂and Pence is just as bad if not worse...we are kinda fucked
$C: >Instead they actually prefer to have Trump leading this daily circus?

Clearly not. There was an "anyone but Trump" campaign in the GOP primaries. It's not all black and white. Clearly a lot of people didn't want him, and still don't, but having your party's candidate impeached and potentially removed from office is very bad PR, especially with voters. You could argue that they "prefer" Trump to the shitstorm that would ensue if he was removed, which I don't blame them for. But it would undeniably be a shitstorm.
$C: Because all of this is not trump alone. He has plenty of help and collusion. Republican voters would do well to understand that.
$C: I may have something to do with the Supreme Court justices 
$C: Honestly? I think Russia has a ton of dirt on a fair few republicans. 
$C: Honestly Pence would almost certainly be an even worse president. Or at the very least, not much better. I still am under the impression that picking him as VP is one of the smartest moves to make. He acts as a human body guard. You hate racist, homophobic, conservative presidents? Great, you definitely don't want Pence who has shown to be much more harsh than Trump on all those fronts. It protects him from assassinations and helps in situations like this. Anyone who would rather Pence than Trump probably forgot all about Pence's stances during the election. The guy almost feels like a damn caricature.
$C: Here's my theory. If Pence takes over the Presidency with less than two years left before the next election he can run two more times. So, the GOP times the impeachment for early in 2019 and they potentially set up for 10 years of Pence.  Let that sink in. 
$C: Probably pence is guilty too....and then so is Ryan...Quite possibly Hatch as well....and then obviously pompeo/mnunchin are because they're trump team members.

So if the GOP starts impeachment, they're basically signing the death warrant for their party, since it is highly likely a ton of the GOP are also dirty and in bed with russia.
$C: Easy. Trump knows all the gop dirty secrets. He'd at the very least bring the nra down with him. You have any idea how important an nra endorsement is to a republican?

BTW. I'm pro gun but very anti nra. They are the epitome of identity politics that the right claims to hate. Their approval checklist always includes things that have nothing to do with gun rights. Like your stance on abortion and the capital gains tax. They are the reason that sensible gun laws don't exist. 
$C: Years and years of building their based to only believe what for and their ilk say has created a monster that they couldn't control even if they wanted to. 

The tail is wagging the dog and the dog has rabies
$C: If Trump goes down in disgrace it'll burn any political capital Pence and the GOP have to the ground.

What exactly did Gerald Ford do?
$C: Haven't you yet realised that the rest of the world is being Punk'd by the US? I'm expecting Ashton Kutcher to jump out at any moment.
$C: Because the sickness is coming from the base. I'd bet anything at least 80% of the Republican politicians wish they could impeach Trump, but he is so damn popular with their base they can't say *anything* bad about him. For a significant portion of Republican voters their opinion on a Congressman or Senator is based around how much that politician pays lip service to Trump, not on any tangible policy stances.
$C: Sunk cost fallacy. They are in too deep now and it's almost iminent that most of the Republicans will be in jails or on the streets soon. 
$C: If they impeach Trump they are basically admitting that all the shit they've been accused of since 2016 was largely true. They are losing voters, independents, and any semblance of sanity. There is no choice that ends with the Republican party not irrevocably unrecognizable by 2020.

To impeach Trump is to destroy their party for the foreseeable future. 

This isn't W. Shit, this isn't even Nixon. This is some truly unprecedented shit, and that is scary.
$C: Two reasons:

- They would implicitly be admitting this was their bad

- Look at Gerald Ford's approval compared to Nixon when he took office. Now adjust for our current situation. On the other hand if they keep lying, they might get four more years.
$C: Can we just talk about, Pence? In my book he's literally worse than Trump but is actually smart enough to pass legislation and sway the country to his agenda. Trump is an idiot, a liar and an all round embarrassment. Pence is something else, just as disgusting, but much smarter and politically literate. I honestly think I'd prefer to have Trump over Pence, at least until the Midterms, where the Democrats have a big chance to score the majority again. 
$C: Pence at this point has been lying right along, and it's a bit ridiculous to think he is an appropriate replacement.  We need to clean house.  I would be OK with a Republican still, but it needs to be one who has not stood by watching crime after crime with the opportunity to speak out or even take specific action and instead saying "well,  yeah, but this benefits me".

I don't like Pence's politics one iota. And yet there was a time in the distant path where I would have tolerated even a move to the political right (which is what impeaching Trump would be) in order to get Trump's craziness, incompetence, and treason out of office and to return to just run-of-the-mill partisanship. But at this point, Pence is complicit and for all I know is just as compromised as Trump was, so the problem is much more complex.

And, frankly, I don't even know how to trust the White House premises. I'm sure it's probably by now riddled with bugs or other spy tech. I feel like we need to start anew with a fresh building. 
$C: They would lose all of his supporters for at least the next few elections until they forget about it and truly come to terms and accept the information being presented. On top of that they would have the taint of being the party that had a president be removed from office by impeachment. To the Republican Party turning against your team, even if they’re in the wrong, is tantamount to heresy. 
$C: The monsters they are will be unveiled.
$C: $.$
$C: He has a 90% approval rate among Republicans.  [Source](https://news.gallup.com/poll/203198/presidential-approval-ratings-donald-trump.aspx)
$C: I reckoning with how they went from distancing themselves from him 1 yr ago to now it being a death sentence for them to do so. 
$C: That's a big question for me too. I find Pence even more reprehensible than Trump, but he's gotta look good to the GOP? At this point what does keeping Trump afloat accomplish for the establishment? Is it simply a face-saving measure at the expense of everyone else? 
$C: Cognitive dissonance. They seek to justify their actions as opposed to conceding.
$C: Exactly. And Pence would probably be more effective with furthering their agenda
$C: Consider this perspective: 

The GOP gets to claim any of the good (from their view) with this presidency - and blame the rest on Trump's own doing. He's constantly off the books, and the GOP knows they can stick anything bad on him personally. 

It's kind of a dream come true for them
$C: The GOP has survived one impeachment I doubt they’ll survive two. 
$C: 10 million people who had never voted before voted for trump in this election. He still got about as many votes as the last couple Republican candidates. The GOP thinks they can keep the 10 million trump voters, and win back the about 10 million normally steady Republican votes, who didn't vote this year. If they do, they'll never lose again. 
$C: the problem is pence is an uber-christan-castrate-all-the-people crazy quaker guy, he'd start the second prohibition.
$C: Because Trump's shit show gives them cover to overturn every law and regulation they and their voters don't like.  And pass huge tax cuts for their masters. 
$C: Nobody wants to impeach the clown because who would volunteer to clean up this circus after him?
$C: I don’t understand either. I think he has still has a strong base and they constantly have to wager what is worse. Because they only care about being re-elected. The only ones that have shown any semblance of a backbone are those who are not running again. No way that’s a coincidence!
$C: They cant afford to loose the Trump fanatics and just go along with this because it is their only way to cling to power. 
$C: They are scared. A large minority of the USA appears to be crazy. 30 to 40 percent. 
$C: This is something I don't get.  Assuming you like Trump's policies, wouldn't you concede that you can do better?  That is, find someone who pursues those policies without being compromised or buffoonish?
$C: Because they're just as compromised as Trump. Or beyond the level of stupid that they should have been voted in in the first place. Or both.
$C: Trump is a useful idiot. He pushes through their awful legislation and deregulation efforts without a second thought. 
$C: They are complicit.
$C: They’ll wait until after midterms to do anything, if at all.
$C: Because the GOP are all a bunch of lying, career criminal cunts just like him. Trump just exposed them for what they really are.

There will be a coup in this country before the end. The US military would be justified in rolling in and arresting every single one. 
$C: Because Trump makes for a good scapegoat for shit they generally want anyway.
$C: Could Pence get impeached as well? No way he didn’t know about all this 
$C: They are primarily interested in keeping the power they've gerrymandered and dark-money'ed so hard to maintain in the face of their dwindling minority status. 

Standing with Trump has yet to cost them in the ballot box... well it actually has quite a bit but they keep telling themselves those were special elections, and that it's not a problem that die-hard Republicans are winning +20 R districts by 1 or 2 percent.  
$C: The republican party *is* trump's party at this point. Those who oppose him are almost certain to be voted out of office, *regardless of how certain the evidence of wrongdoing is*.
$C: Because trumps base is either so stupid (or brainwashed, if I must give them the benefit of the doubt) that it would likely be career suicide for these congressional Republicans to go against him. The ones who are “brave” enough to are either: not seeking re-election, [have already lost their primaries](https://www.dallasnews.com/news/politics/2018/07/18/time-impeach-donald-trump-says-texas-gop-lawmaker-jason-villalba), or dying of cancer. 
Cult 45 just will not stand for anyone who doesn’t fall in line!
$C: they're probably comprised themselves
$C: Because Russia.
$C: It’s a whole can of worms for them to admit Trump is compromised. Also the Mueller investigation found a spy that’s been embedded in the NRA and religious right wing organizations. There’s a significant chance the GOP has been taking case from Russians funneled through those organizations and a distinct possibility they have been paid to look the other way. This isn’t just Trump, those organizations fund a bunch of republicans. Rand Paul has been championing Trump and Putin lately for instance. I wouldn’t be surprised at all if a lot more of the GOP was elected with dirty money.
$C: Because they're all complicit. It's not just Trump and his immediate circle. The whole GOP will be taken down. They want to avoid that at all costs.
$C: Because GOP voters want Trump, for the most part. 

They don't like the rest. They like Trump. Getting rid of Trump = getting rid of most of your support.
$C: Distraction while the adults do their job of dismantling America.
$C: I assume many of them are paid by Russia. 
$C: Or maybe because you need actual evidence other than a NY times article to impeach a president.
$C: Because it would be a really bad look for the Republicans to have the 1st ever fully impeached president or the 2nd ever president to resign under controversy.
$C: Honestly US politics is like a drama show now. Everyday i get 2 or 3 notifications on my phone about stuff to do with Trump. Obama didn't nearly gather as much media attention.
$C: It’s well beyond that point. Honestly I’m afraid that if the ball doesn’t get rolling soon to impeach and charge dickwad in chief *soon*, people will be dying. 
$C: You mean like when Bill Clinton’s BJ lie got him impeached? 
$C: He resigned before losing any further dignity (another think Trump knows nothing about)
$C: The Senate was 56-42, Democrat Majority. The House was 241-192, Democrat Majority.

However, the motion to launch an impeachment inquiry passed 410–4, and the Judiciary Committee passed 3 of the 5 Articles of Impeachment.

Before he resigned, the House Minority Leader and Senate Minority Leader had a meeting and worked out that he'd probably be impeached by the House with 300 or so votes, and figured he'd get about 60 of the 67 votes necessary for conviction in the Senate but the situation was getting worse for him.
$C: No, there’s a whole 20 some person line of succession. 
$C: Embellishing your position and actively covering up an attack by another nation on our democratic process are not exactly the same thing
$C: I'd love to hear the 5 part, 25 hour Dan Carlin Hardcore History podcast version.
$C: Either that or to prevent the movie about this debacle from turning into a Lord of the Rings Extended Edition Trilogy of movies.
$C: Probably more like a 5 season, 10 episode each season show. They should get Obama in a bright yellow wig and "orange face" to play Trump. You could hear Trumps mind explode from a mile away.
$C: I don't know. I think we can squeeze a couple more scenes out of the Cohen subplot. 
$C: Think about how fucking nuts that is.  
$C: We're going to need another 14-hour, 7-part documentary from Ken Burns just to keep track of the scandals.
$C: I'm imagining a 4 and a half hour Scorsese movie about the Trump presidency with barely exaggerated details.
$C: I mean I hope trump dies in a fire but it really isn’t important. Lots of people cheat. Especially “rich people”
$C: Screw the movie, I'll take a multi part documentary. That way they'll cover everything 
$C: The end credits will just be ten minutes of scrolling titles listing the “honorable mention” bad shit he did.
$C: It would be one of those things where they would have to intentionally make the story less crazy just so that it’s believable to future audiences. Stranger than fiction as they say.
$C: The Wire II : Executive Tapes
$C: Yeah, in order to really replay the entire series of events you'd need a full 2 years to detail the past 2 years.  


Every waking moment of his whole candidacy and term in office has been an epic shitshow.    

$C: That's an excuse to put tits on the screen though, they won't pass that up.

Especially since any movie involving this fuckfest will probably have to be rated R anyways.
$C: Well, there goes my hopes for the scene where a greasy, be-robed Trump has a meltdown about Cohen turning on him while Dennis Rodman messy-crying about North Korea on CNN is playing on a tv screen in the background.
$C: Like Hacksaw Ridge where they cut a lot of actual evemts because people "wouldnt find it realistic"
$C: They can't really make a movie out of this because it's SO unbelievable it just wouldn't make for a good convincing movie. It'll have to be a dull documentary
$C: You thought Nixon was a long movie?
$C: ...or believable enough. Smh. 
$C: I live in a small town.  So my news feed has exploded with pictures of Schumer with Putin and Uranium One bullshit.   Not to mention Hillary memes.  
$C: I swear one day Trump will personally order 6 million+ people to be executed and when the news about it hits Reddit there will be a comment saying “DAE Drumpf”
$C: the biggest
$C: Now watch as it gets swept under the rug.
$C: Or its the bubble reinforcing itself and just showing you more of what you want to see...
$C: Clinton lied under oath. That is why he was impeached. We can all lie and we can all be party to a bj but we can't all lie under oath.
$C: Completely agree. The US in my mind has gotten so desensitized and distracted to the point of apathy 
$C: Clinton was impeached for lying about it. Not for the bj.
$C: One was a Democrat and the other is a Republican.
$C: the President getting a blow job from a 22-year-old intern is pretty fucked up
$C: That depends on what your definition of "is" is.
$C: When it comes to stupid things Trump can say or do the limit does not exist. 
$C: I post links that are to evidence based sourced journalism or tangible evidence. We just dont know enough. Robert Mueller is the guy we're waiting for to fill in the answers. :)
$C: Nah, Homie. I just get really JACKED on treason. 
$C: What? how is providing sources like NYTimes and ABC and linking to the official DOJ website considered propaganda? 
$C: Hah. You getting paranoid, fam?

I guess you should be.
$C: This thread is full of that kind of posts and an insane amount of gold shared for comments against Trump and a fuck ton of downvotes for people trying to reason in any way that doesn't call for impeachment or revolution. It really does make one wonder if it's a deliberate effort to make one narrative rule them all. If Russians do it why wouldn't the we try
$C: You dirty libruls will never be happy with anything the (greatest) President does! /s
$C: The "Guys, I think I fucked up" joke in real life!
$C: And I suppose you think YOU'RE perfect with your lack of light treason.
$C: **BIG** if true. 
$C: Hot take alert
$C: We are praying for you all in canada
$C: Yeah, I wish we picked someone else in the primaries. 
$C: Hmmm. I'll need you to present some evidence before you make such wild claims. 

$C: This Trump guy might be a bad hombre
$C: Thanks for the input, u/Ocular__ANAL_Fistula !
$C: Good observation about the rectification of the health of the government 
$C: thankyou captain hindsight you save the day again!
$C: Nobody knew being president was so complicated
$C: But j thought both parties are the same?
$C: What are you talking about. He’s white, isn’t he?
(/s, in case there is any doubt)
$C: Might’ve?
$C: Now now now . Let’s not jump to any conclusions.
$C: Lololol thank you
$C: I think you're onto something...
$C: I mean, working with the dictator of the previous Soviet Union is a pretty bad thing. 
$C: But relationships with dictators are totally worth relinquishing our global dominance!
$C: Glad you’ve come to your senses. 
$C: Very dry. Bravo lol
$C: At least give the dude the chance!
$C: "I'd rather risk politics for peace than risk peace for politics." -Donald Trump
$C: You're two years late.
$C: Shut your filthy whore mouth. 
$C: are we still talking about lobsters?
$C: Treasonous Trump
$C: Maybe this is all just one big coincidence, like rolling 230 pairs of doubles in a row.
$C: might've'n't :-)
$C: Ocular_Anal_Fistula ill tell ya nothing gets by you. Lol
$C: That's an outrageous thought.
$C: Who could have known?
$C: Also startimg to feel like even this won't bring him down. 
$C: "choice"
$C: > Im starting to think that this guy might've been a poor choice for president

Understatement of the day
$C: He was only misspoken......
$C: hahahhaa gold. 
$C: Better than the alternative tho, amirite?
$C: I swear to you Hillary would have caused WW3 already. That's the only thing that made me, here in Germany, happy about him being 'elected'.

Maybe Trump actually hates the Russians with a passion and is using all of his billions of dollars to buy lube to crawl up Putin's ass after he saved the election for him. All we would have needed was a reasonable choice next to Hillary. Cruz would have been a dangerous choice too. I think that as derranged as he is he still was the only choice that would have kept us from WW3, not joking. Unless you had more choices in America.

The 2 party thing you have in America is probably the worst representative democracy possible. I know that you have other parties but they are next to useless compared to republican and democrat. Instead of the liberal and conservative, maybe give the green party a chance.

Why is your political system so black and white? Are all people there so delusional that they only see these 2?
$C: Fuck these “aw, shucks!” gullible, sarcastic Barney Fife comments that I see over and over on reddit.  It assumes a persona of idiocy but ‘ironically’ states the opposite. 

Are you really outraged, or is it just that much easier to make a dismissive “ ya got me, I’m an idiot!” comment? 

This is not the time for wimpy-assed passive aggressive, fake protest comments for karma. 
$C: The system set up by the founders was:

* If it's *really* bad - a presidential term is only 4 years, then the voters can fix it
* If it's **REALLY REALLY** bad - Congress can remove the president

The system kinda fails if Condition B is met and Congress shrugs their shoulders, which seems to be where we are

Edit: I'm glad it's hard to remove a president without an election. It should be, especially thinking over the past 10 years. But it's harrowing that you can have blatant treason and it's still not enough for Republicans to put country over party.
$C: Congree has to vote for impeachment. It takes a while even after the criminal act is known. 
$C: The framers of the Constitution anticipated the possibility that a criminal or a madman might theoretically be elected to the office of the President, and so they included a mechanism by which Congress can remove him.

However, they did *not* anticipate the possibility that a criminal madman would be elected, *and* that a majority of congressmen would be indifferent to his madness and complicit in his crimes.

Some of the Founding Fathers, in more private writings, speculated about how such a situation might be resolved. Most of them, having just fought a violent revolution against one mentally ill autocrat, settled on some variation of "remove him by force".
$C: I am going to take something I posted a few days ago about the process to removing a president. As far as I know there are legally two ways to do it and we do not have much of a say in it until the next presidential election. Anyway here are the two main ways a president gets impeached, with a 3rd way the people can try to hasten it. 

> We have 3, two of which our never going to happen due to the GOP and sycophants and the third would involve the people standing up.

>The first involves the house initiating impeachment, passing it by majority. Then the senate taking it to trial and convicting him by 60 votes. If both were to happen then congratulations Trump is impeached.

>The second involves sycophants realizing they are serving a traitor and using their article 4 powers under the 25th amendment. It allows the vice president and either the cabinet or congress to remove a president due to him being unable to perform his duties. With the past to guide us I feel fairly confident in saying not a single member of that cabinet has a spine (barring Mattis), so this option is even less likely then impeachment.

>The third and far more disrupting action is a sizable portion of the population grinding this country to a halt in outrage. It would involve mass protests and rallies for a few weeks, it would inolve people not going to work and making everything stop its functioning. However after a few weeks of protests that basically render America non-functioning for a while, the people in power maybe would realize they have to do something to fix it. This one relies on congress yet again acting, but it has the added benefit of lighting a fire under their asses and making them realize the country will not stand with them.

>We as the people have one option and its not guaranteed to do anything. Our checks and balances are failing because the party in power appears to be complicit. There are other options that I will refuse to voice because if we have to resort to them we are beyond fucked. But in terms of legal and safeish ways to do it, in my understanding of our government, these are the only 3
$C: It takes Congress acting. The branches are supposed to be co-equal checks on each other; when one party is a majority in all three, this kind of stuff can happen. Really, I think a fatal flaw in the design of our government. It just creates incentives for parties to try to win it all, instead of having to work together. It also rewards bad, obstructionist behavior when you're the minority party; all the broken government/shutdowns etc under Obama resulted in such a low opinion of dems that they wanted to "vote the bums out"
$C: A complacent Republican Party and their voter base full of uneducated ignorant fuckwits. 
$C: Nothing is certain when the parties responsible are potentially in on it/batshit crazy, too. 
$C: > Is there nothing you, as normal American citizens can do to legally kick out your president if he goes apeshit crazy?

Our government is corrupt. As of now, no. 

The best hope is to wait for the midterm elections later this year and see if we can oust a majority Republican party that is serving a foreign power. But who knows. They don't want to lose power, maybe they'll endorse further meddling. Maybe they'll throw the election. I have no faith in our government. 
$C: Nothing you can do when half your country is literally retarded.
$C: Our government was designed to ensure that those living in low-population, rural areas received fair representation.  Due to a combination of factors, our Constitution has not been adequately revised to account for changes (and outright increases) in demographics.  Basically, those living in rural areas (traditionally bastions of conservative values) count more than those living in urban areas (traditionally liberal).  That's how Donald Trump won the election with fewer votes than Hillary Clinton, and how Republicans maintain a tenuous majority in both houses of Congress.  Republican politicians have no incentive to change this dynamic.  In fact, over the past decade there have been efforts to further entrench it.  On a national level, their grip is so tenuous that party unity is a crucial factor in carrying out their agenda, which appears these days to revolve around protecting their sitting President.

As an American citizen living in Connecticut, there is little I can do locally to influence national affairs.  Connecticut typically votes Democrat as opposed to Republican on a national level.  I write my representatives, but they're already fighting this.
$C: I'm assuming you've already got some good replies, but my 2c are that normally, a president like Trump would have been impeached and removed from office like Nixon or Clinton were.  But in recent years politics in our country have gotten more and more divisive, with the right doubling down on their most extreme ideals to keep that base happy, and themselves in office.

For the last 6 years at least, congress has been controlled by the right, and by extension they control what laws are passed and who (if anyone) is impeached.  They spent Obama's presidency blocking as much of his work as possible while complaining that he isn't getting anything done, so now that they have someone who is ostensibly on their side they wouldn't dare impeach him.  Better to use Trump as a blank check while they gut the limited amount of regulations and welfare we have in place, than impeach him and risk both angering their extremist voter base and having someone with a spine in office. 
$C: I suspect many republicans have only recently realized they have betrayed their country and they are also actively blocking any moves to do something about this.

Initially it starts with offering money, connections and assistance and then it moves to assisting in cheating in elections. Republicans have never had qualms about cheating so a little help with their cheating efforts is accepted. Or maybe it's having sex with a pretty girl and getting money pushed to your political action committee. Then comes the confrontation with the Russian handlers with the evidence of their crimes. 

This is how it works, how it has always worked. You take a weak person, encourage them to betrayal(for whatever reason) and then use the stick of exposure and the carrot of wealth to force them to do far more than they'd ever have the courage or motive to do in the beginning.

These people are far more dangerous now that they face the very real risk of exposure and prison. They may even try to permanently kill democracy in the USA. The USA has to die sometime, everything does eventually. This could be it.
$C: Our congress is full of traitors to the American people. 
$C: Short answer: no. There is literally nothing we, as citizens, can do. 
$C: Congress has to vote for impeachment.

People have to vote for Congress.

Congress has essentially rigged their vote tallies by being able to decide their voting districts (it's called Jerrymandering, and it's more complex than this, if you wanted to research it).
$C: Yeah. Vote. That's about it. 
$C: You also need to understand that our right-wing-leaning body politic has been fed an absolutely toxic diet of hate-filled liberal bashing and conspiracy theories, starting decades ago with talk radio, then followed by the Fox News cable TV empire. 

The politics-as-sports mentality is pervasive. People have a lot of personal ego wrapped up in which "side" they're on. Then there's also the "sunk cost" fallacy, where people don't want to admit even just to themselves that they could have been so wrong for so long, and that the other side could have possibly been right about Trump's lack of mental fitness, moral decrepitude, and general mixed bag of incompetencies.
$C: haha cuz our system is garbage and the only people who have power are the corporate overlords who pay our congress to do what they want.  or don't want.  usually don't want.
$C: What country are you a resident of?
$C: He’s achieved cult status with 1/3 of this country. My mother included. It’s heartbreaking!
$C: He's also enjoying something like 40% approval rating.. or was, a few days ago. The problem is not just trump clearly - he's just symptomatic of a larger American population.
$C: He's not a democrat. 
$C: Our system of checks and balances is not working.  The judicial system has made corruption legal.  The rich and powerful rewrote the rulebook on the election process.  We, as normal citizens better keep our heads down when the police start shooting.  I'd imagine Robert mueller, who is the official investigating this whole mess is licking his lips and the intelligence folks are trying not to smile.  
$C: We vote
$C: Our system of government is built on checks and balances, but it's been corrupted by political parties so that people in every arm of government are essentially on a team and working to help the other people on their team.

Further, the Republican party specifically has been waging a concerted war of propaganda via media companies like Fox News, and it's been disturbingly effective.

Additionally, advances in computing and data collection have made gerrymandering incredibly powerful, to the point where there's basically no competition in many areas.

Finally, the Republicans have been waging another concerted war against _voters_. They've been making voting extremely difficult for disadvantaged groups which traditionally lean Democrat via new laws and requirements in the guise of stopping voting fraud (the prevalence of voting fraud in the US being statistically indistinguishable from zero). Also strategically cutting funding and moving polling stations so it's much easier and more convenient for Republican-leaning groups to vote, while making it much more difficult and inconvenient for Democrat-leaning groups.

Also worth noting that the US election system is absolute fucking trash. Every type of voting can be gamed, but first-past-the-post is objectively the single worst way to vote, and naturally leads to this sort of two-party dynamic.

Then after they're elected, the Republicans work on changing laws and packing courts to further their agenda. Assuming they don't just ignore the rule of law entirely and do whatever the fuck they want, which is something they've been doing an awful fucking lot of for the past couple decades.

So putting it all together, the Republican party is a cancer on the American political scene which exists only to propagate itself. It creeps in bit by bit, and uses every iota of its power to ensure that it doesn't lose any power.

And this is all before getting into the topic of unlimited anonymous campaign spending and Russia's interference.

I used to be one of those "both sides are terrible" people, and I still think the democrats are fucking awful, but there's really no comparison. The Republican party is actively and intentionally destroying America.

TL;DR: Criminals became cops and helped more criminals become cops and refuse to prosecute or even investigate their fellow criminals.
$C: you are assuming that 50%+ of our population knows, understands, or cares about the current situation.

*that is a stretch.*
$C: How do you keep asking questions like this?  Are you unable to put yourself into the body of an average citizen and say holy shit, this government is terrifying what do we do?

You act like you'd be out on the streets with a sign and starting the first wave of demonstrations against *the insane president of the United States* - things like a sitting president getting impeached take time, people need to shut the fuck up about 'omg why aren't you plebs doing anything!'.  

It's so absurd.
$C: Rich people control the GOP.  Rich people are getting really rich right now.  Therefore, the GOP controlled Congress refuses to act as a check on the President.  Because - money.
$C: One of theories that's been kicked around on reddit is that Putin has some compromising material on GOP, worse than the NRA-Russian Spy nexus and Elliot Briody scandal. That's why Paul Ryan and his gang of terribles are doing nothing. It could also be the reason why many are resigning - Trump might be finding ways to replace them with far right candidates.
Or the simplest explanation (which we're reluctant to accept) the GOP does put power and money over country. And the worst offender is probably Rand Paul - he's like an abusive boyfriend; he'll tell you that he loves you and then goes and sells your car for snow money.
$C: Basically, we elected Trump because we want a better relationship with Russia and everyone is being manipulated by spies trained in psychological warfare. Our entire country is full of lunatics. I think a classic technique of psychological warfare is to traumatize people and then use that trauma to manipulate them. So all the people who were traumatized by Trump's victory have been weaponized. 

Reminds me of how JFK was opposed to the war in Vietnam, so they killed him so they could get a President who would throw us into that quagmire. So now Trump is trying to clean up some wars, and they've gotten everyone outraged about the prospect of peace.
$C: Are you a fucking idiot? You can’t be serious with that question. You want us to start a revolution and kick him out? Seems like a lot. 
$C: It’s one thing for us to all say, “oh he totally knew” and another to be able to say, “he knew and here are all the people willing to testify to when and exactly what he knew.”

This would make many, many statements he has made on the record about national security be verifiable lies. 
$C: NY Times reporting. Trump had undeniable proof that russia was guilty and putin was personally involved. Trump was shown actual emails and txts 2 weeks before inauguration proving Putin personally ordering the cyber attacks against the 2016 election [Source](https://www.nytimes.com/2018/07/18/world/europe/trump-intelligence-russian-election-meddling-.html)  

Russian "hackers" have been alledged to be russian military officers. We got pizza gate and "hillary used her personal email for work" while trump got to tweet wikileaks 137 times and chant lock her up [Source](https://www.justice.gov/file/1080281/download).  [Wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hillary_Clinton_email_controversy). 

Roger Stone, a former trump campaign advisor, admitted that he is the US citizen mentioned in the mueller 12 russian hackers indictment. [Source](https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/roger-stone-hes-us-person-mentioned-mueller-indictment/story?id=56577300)  

A then candidate for US congress is also mentioned but not named in the mueller 12 russian hackers indictment.  [Source](https://www.justice.gov/file/1080281/download)  

Donald Trump accepted the findings of US Intelligence that russia successfully carried out a cyber attack to influence the 2016 election and potentially influenced the outcome [Source](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q4rYv39EsIc)  

The republican party may have been laundered russian money to influence multiple elections. They even arrested a spy who appeared in court today.  [Source](https://www.justice.gov/opa/pr/russian-national-charged-conspiracy-act-agent-russian-federation-within-united-states) Dont forget to read  [Todays Unusually Detailed Criminal Complaint](https://www.justice.gov/opa/press-release/file/1080761/download) 

The same spy that asked trump this question while on the campaign. [Video 1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Fp1TioaLcg)  [Private Video Source](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FGj3btgPZ3w)  

That spy's handler is rumored to be Torshin. Check out the medal Torchin got from the FSB(KGB) shortly after trump won the nomination. [Photo of the Medal](https://imgur.com/a/OmdmzeM) The same Torshin accepting a letter from the NRA president offering help in "endeavors". [Photo of the Letter](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/1600/1*qd6aTtsIc4ok5EzazIEh_A.jpeg) Who is Torshin? Ask Don Jr [Source 12/3/17](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/12/03/us/politics/trump-putin-russia-nra-campaign.html) He's also wanted in spain. [Source](
https://nationalpost.com/news/world/russian-mobster-or-central-banker-spanish-investigators-allege-alexander-torshin-is-both)

"American society is broken in relation to Russia," she said in a Twitter direct message to Torshin in 2016. "This is now the dividing line of opinions, the crucial one in the election race. [The Republican Party] are for us, [the Democratic Party] against -- 50/50. Our move here is very important." [Source](https://www.justice.gov/opa/press-release/file/1080761/download)


What would someone not biased call this? Witchhunt right? [But](https://i.redditmedia.com/80zJCR64S8krdyGimAfaz0Za5rcOgWY-vGq3efQWiwo.jpg?w=483&s=66f9662bf618bc9df57b36ea89b3c78e) her emails right? I only scratched the surface but [Bob Mueller](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DeC8sTnV0AAHOYk.jpg) won't. Release the tax returns. What did NK hack that required a meeting? Get ready for the US side of these indictments. 

edit note: My first reddit silver! [Reddit Silver](https://old.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/901p5f/two_weeks_before_his_inauguration_donald_j_trump/e2ngen3/)!!! My second [Gold](https://old.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/901p5f/two_weeks_before_his_inauguration_donald_j_trump/e2n6z9y/)  ! Thank you! Please check out my [First Gold](https://np.reddit.com/r/niceguys/comments/8z2mev/nice_guy_would_have_fucked_a_princess_if_she_had/) for a laugh. And be sure to support information age heroes like /u/poppinkream /r/ShitPoppinKreamSays .  

Never not vote. [RICO](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Racketeer_Influenced_and_Corrupt_Organizations_Act) Suave.
$C: I would pay to see his "try to act surprised" face.
$C: I’m starting to think that as soon as he got wind of Putin helping him, likely in 2015 or before, he took it as a huge fucking compliment and this began his acts of denial. 

Id bet that as he was reading the transcripts and emails in this classified briefing, he just had the biggest ego boner ever.
$C: Why would anyone assume that? He blatantly and explicitly requested their assistance publicly and used his son-in-law to create a back-channel in private. 


$C: But no specific “collusion”, but yes kompromat would be bad enough...
$C: It’s also assuming he knew how to read the words shown to him and understood what they meant. 
$C: I’m paraphrasing but he did say the system was rigged if he didn’t win. 
$C: i am wondering if he didnt. i cant imagine him being pleased at the idea that he was elected because of manipulation by someone else. he actually thinks he is popular, so doesnt want to admit tuat he didnt win on his own merit. 
$C: Melania is his handler 
$C: legit knew he was a puppet from the start.
$C: That's funny thinking that Trump "didn't know well beforehand", since even I knew "well beforehand", eg. about the false information spread on social media, during the campaign, or the hacked emails. You, me, we all knew, during the campaign about that there was strange activity going on.  And I am just a normal person :) We don't need to speculate whether T. "knew". He was BRIEFED on it before the inauguration. Whether he denies it should be irrelevant for Christ sake. Like his word is worth a penny anyway?

Rather than wondering that T. denies it, it's time to ask WHY he is denying it. And by the way, it doesn't need rocket science to find the answer to that.
$C: And he did...
$C:  Ron Howard: He did.
$C: ~~Well first you need a Congress that isn't complicit. That part is still in progress, check back in November.~~

Whoops, read "impeaching" instead of indicting. However, indicting a sitting President could be ruled unconstitutional by the Supreme Court (the latest justice Donny selected seems to be against letting Presidents be distracted from their duties by having to answer for crimes, how convenient) and then impeachment is the only option.
$C: > Can someone please explain to me how indicting a sitting president works?

Nobody knows how it works. It's not even certain that you *can* indict a sitting President though, apparently, most experts agree that it could be done. What happens after that is probably where things get a bit fuzzy.
$C: > Can someone please explain to me how indicting a sitting president works?

Literally no one knows the answer to that question.
$C: You would be hanged or shot through the skull. It should be no different for these politicians. I hate to sound like that edgy Redditor but this is not a hair short of conspiracy and treason. 

What kind of fucked reality do we live in where we don’t go marching to the people responsible and end them. It’s kind of funny because this is truth that the 2nd amendment and those NRA hilljacks are dishonest pieces of dirt. It’s literal proof that the 2A doesn’t work. The 2nd amendment was designed to topple a tyrannical government, and this is the exact definition of tyranny. Why this oh so grand amendment isn’t being practiced is beyond me. 
$C: > Can someone please explain to me how indicting a sitting president works?

Have them be a democrat.
$C: Sitting presidents are sort of insulated from normal court process — an intentional measure to stop people from throwing false accusations at presidents they don't like until one sticks. The rules aren't totally clear over whether you *can* indict them through normal criminal law.

Instead you have to impeach them. Which works fine in countries with responsible legislatures, but the US congress has grown too stubbornly partisan for impeachment to work properly. Vote in the next midterms; a Republican congress is extremely unlikely to allow impeachment of a Republican president, but a Democratic congress may.
$C: You (probably) can't.  You impeach them and that removes them from office, and then you indict them. Of course the problem is that those with the power to impeach refuse to use it.
$C: What did he “do” that would land you in prison? We already knew Trump had seen the evidence they did it. 
$C: Legal people think that you can't indict a sitting President, you have to wait for them to either be voted out or removed by Congress. That's looking less and less likely by the week, though.
$C: This will be unpopular, but it's rather important... first, he has to commit a crime. I'm serious.

"He" hasn't done anything. Russia did.     
Yes, the distinction is that simple, but it means the world.

Yes, he knew.    
Yes, he lies about it... All the time.

But... He did nothing.     
"Receiving aid" isn't a crime.

We're talking about legal matters here, not political. Those distinctions matter. Even if you had a willing Congress (which you don't), you can't impeach a president who you just don't like. It has to be criminal. He's a dick... But being a dick is legal.
$C: Honestly this is probably the main reason. 
$C: Well, I for one believe that they'll do it again and he'll let them do it again because he stands to gain from it. That's the real problem here. Our country is being undermined and it benefits a lot of wealthy people to let it happen. It certainly doesn't benefit 99% of the rest of us. 
$C: Because his actions afterwards are officially a coverup of a crime. It's like watching a crime take place then telling everyone that nothing happened, when you know full well you saw it.
$C: Firing Jim Comey because of that Russia thing falls dead into obstruction of justice. 
$C: It's important because Republicans have been living in a pretend world where the President's son didn't tell his dad about an email where he was offered dirt on his opponent from people claiming to represent Yuri Chaika and Russia and "part of Russia and its government's support for Mr. Trump".

So even if you live in that pretend world where Trump didn't know about this, and didn't actively collude with the Russians, he's still denied that they could have done it even though he's been given extensive briefings on the intelligence. And there's no reason to accept their word over the U.S.'s word.

The only excuse that he'll have left is the "But they got it wrong on Iraq so they're wrong this time" excuse. Which is itself disinformation since the CIA actually had it right, that Iraq likely didn't have WMD, but the Bush administration ignored them and spun their own tales. 
$C: It may be an impeachable offense if, when considering everything, it's concluded that he's violating his oath of office. It's much more clear cut and easier to understand than whether he has committed a crime.

Think about it this way: if Russians hacked Wall Street and caused it to crash, and the President didn't do anything after it was found to be conclusive, would that be considered grounds for impeachment? How about if they hacked the Hoover Dam and caused it to break, causing billions of dollars in damage and causing the death of citizens? What if it was a literal attack on American soil?

Or how about this: Let's say Bush didn't invade Afghanistan after 9/11, after conclusive evidence that it was OBL. Let's imagine an alternate reality where did jack shit. That's grounds for impeachment.
$C: I agree. So many people for so long know have said “ Now *that’s* a smoking gun” I feel like I’m treading water here, always almost on sure footing but never quite there.
$C: I understand what you mean, but I suspect that's because you've already internalized the truth that Donald Trump was working with Russia to hack the election. So from that perspective, this isn't new or surprising. Of course he's been covering it up, because of course he already knew as he was directly conspiring to make it happen.

The thing is, there's a lot of people out there who haven't accepted that reality, or at the very least there is still reasonable doubt. This report is important because it chips away at that reasonable doubt. If Trump has been saying this whole time Russia probably didn't do it because he's an idiot, that's one thing. If Trump has been saying this whole time that Russia didn't do it *while he knew otherwise*, is something else.
$C: You should be fucking shooting mad about this bro. I expect that the electronic voting machines will be compromised and specific Republicans will see a landslide victory. Get out and vote blue next cycle, but honestly it may be too late.
$C: User name checks out.

Keep shining. 
$C: This sounds like more of those Russian influencing comments...
$C: Given the slipperiness of the trump campaign it might not end up being a deal
$C: > texts and emails from Russian military officers 

They have receipts. That's a big deal. 
$C: This doesn’t seem important.
$C: He has sworn an oath to protect the US against all enemies foreign and domestic.

He has been lying to the US and the world to cover up for Putin and directly harming the US in the process for unknown reasons.

Imagine someone you know murders someone, gives you the murder weapon and then you hide it from the police and the victims family. That is accessory after the fact.

Now imagine you are the President of the US and an enemy actively interferes with an election and you are shown absolute proof it happens. Then you constantly lie and cover for them. 

Not to mention the stupidity of it when everyone in the intelligent community knows exactly what happened
$C: Because it wasn't just that intel groups said Russia interfered anymore. They had direct proof. Texts, emails, and a top FSB agent corroborating all of it. 
$C: The fact that this has been revealed, that there was a high level Russian official close to Putin who was feeding the US inside info, means that the source has been compromised already. Otherwise, no newspaper would be able to publish the sorts of details that are in this article as it would be a death sentence for the mole. Whoever the mole was, he has been either exfiltrated by the US and is in hiding or he is dead. Trump or someone in his administration compromised this mole. 
$C: Imagine if George W. Bush spent 18 months trying to convince the American public that 9/11 happened because of engine failure and refused to do anything to combat Al Qaeda while they continued to plan more attacks against our country. 

The reason this report should be a breaking point is because before he's been able to be wishy washy about whether he believes the generic intelligence reports (the ones released to the public) that just stated "Putin directed it." We now know he saw the direct evidence of it, that there was a lot of evidence, and he still lied to the country and undermined our ability to defend ourselves against new attacks.
$C: well lets hope everyone that reads this is inspired to vote, or start pulling the nails holding the ceiling of the capitol out
$C: The source of this information close to Putin must have been killed for someone in the US intel community to leak this information. Yes it’s a big deal.
$C: Because this casts doubt on the legitimacy of his presidency.

Think about this: His actions seem to convey he's covering for Russian interference in the 2016 election. Why did Russia target *Trump* to use to fan the flames of divisiveness in the run-up to the election? Do they have something on him? Are they trying to charm him for some reason? Or is Putin simply trying to achieve what his predecessors never could -- the destruction of the United States?
$C: Da, komrade. Too i like baseball apple pie much good, da?
$C: And just yesterday he said its no longer going on while it clearly is, He isn't doing anything to stop it because it benefits him.
$C: This is imporant, because it is the first public admittance that Trump 100% unequivocally knew that Putin was 100% involved.

edit, this also can lead to espionage and sedition charges against trump.
$C: Any why didn't the sitting president, who must surely have been briefed with the same intel, do or say anything?
$C: [deleted]
$C: Countries meddle in the political elections of other countries all the damn time. It's literally nothing new. 

It's just propaganda to get you to vote Dem in 2020. 
$C: It's not important because every President sees all kinds of classified intel (it's part of the job) and Trump talking in a press conference or Twitter is not under oath no matter how bad people want it to be.
$C: It doesn’t really matter.  People are just straining for any possible way to remain outraged about this.  
$C: It could be the last elections ever held under the US Constitution.  It is that bad.
$C: Kinda like how people don't believe or care about America's history of meddling in foreign elections. 
$C: They don’t need us, they just needed a bunch of people to not care, and that’s what they got. We few care, but that’s not enough. We need to make our friends, neighbors and local politicians care
$C: They could have had kanye come in and turn it into a very cool! rap
$C: Android is better. At least our phones have the backing of the U.S. Government. 

(Looking at you ZTE)
$C: Honestly from an outsider your system is being trampled and abused. In such cases in history other countries have found no other option but to band together and protest.

I’m in Canada but I really feel deeply for you all. Such a beautiful brilliant country being destroyed and your main belief in freedom just seems pretty sad and hollow right now.

How is this democracy or freedom? It’s trickery and a megalomaniac destroying everything you guys have built.
$C: You just keep going.

Your other choice is to lay down and give up. and fuck that shit.  

$C: In the Philippines a very large number of people banded together and rallied for days until the president had to step down. Happened thrice now. [It’s called the People Power Revolution.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/People_Power_Revolution)
$C: I feel so defeated. I vote, I call my congressional reps and senators, I protest and donate what little money I can to candidates I support. And yet....a good 30+% of the US population just.doesn't.care and still supports this. 

I know there are reasonable conservatives out there. I'm friends with a few. THey are aghast at what the Republican party has become, but they are the exception. 

What about all the other conservatives who call themselves Republicans? Do they not care at all that our entire voting system has been compromised by another country? Are McCain, Sasse, Kasich literally the only three who will stand up for the country over party?
$C: Keep it up, honestly. I'd feel a lot more defeated if not for people like you.
$C: In all honesty, isn't it time for a general strike? Yes, it means risking your livelihood. Yes, it would be hard to communicate and get enough people on-side for.

But if no one shows up for work *anywhere* in the USA for a full day and the capitalist machine grinds to a screeching halt, as long as the message to those who wield power (I mean the super-wealthy donor class, not the politicians) is **"FIX THIS"**, you better believe that the Republicans will get their shit in order.

Because they know who they serve...and it's not you.
$C: Honestly, we just need more people to take actions like you. It's not that you were wrong or acting in futility, there just aren't enough of us that know, and care.
$C: Ok this is weird, but I thought your story seemed like something someone would say to discredit the Democrats. So I looked through your comments to see if you were legit. 



Turns out we had the exact same operations to fix our collapsed lungs. I had the small one put in first, then had the surgery to remove the blebs and to use scar tissue to help keep from recollapsing. Weirdest comment I've ever had on Reddit, but I guess it verifies youre legit? Haha 
$C: You can point to any of a dozen different missteps or bad luck that may have been enough to tip enough votes but really there's just no fucking explanation that makes any sense to me. How did Trump convince even 2% of voters to vote for him? How did he dig himself out of the dumps to win the GOP nomination after insulting McCain for being a POW? How did everyone just ignore "grab em by the pussy"? Nobody noticed he lies about everything and has never spent a minute of his life in public service? What can we do about so many irrational people in this country?
$C: Be a friend to those in need. Go talk to some neighbors you’ve never talked with and ask them how their doing. Get your head out of politics and into life. Bridging the gap comes from bringing people together to support common dreams and ambitions. *Perhaps maybe just giving them a smile and ride to the voting booth will make this country a better place.*
$C: I’m stumped? Full scale revolution?
$C: >So you tell me...what do I, and so many like me, do now?

Stop spreading long debunked myths about the DNC, for one. The DNC did nothing. The people chose Hillary.

Like, this is so frustrating to see people of sound mind like you repeating bullshit like this. The whole "DNC rigged it from Bernie" narrative is blatantly not supported by evidence, and was one of the chief wedges the Russian trolls drove into the left. We need to stop falling for their bullshit.
$C: Vote. And vote more. And vote local. And vote state. Just fucking vote, and encourage others to do the same.

You aren’t out there protesting in hopes they’ll magically change it right then and there. You’re out there to show the rest of the country where the line in the sand is: this is what we’re fighting for, and you can stand with us if you feel this aligns with your beliefs. 

You’re doing good work, but it is all for naught if we don’t vote. And I mean seriously vote. Far too many people underestimate the impact of voting and participating in the politics of their city/state/county. Don’t let the idea that your vote doesn’t matter get to you, and definitely don’t let others tell you it doesn’t. Because there are plenty of us who despise this president and his party, and simply voting en mass at all levels of the government, and flooding it with likeminded individuals, will be enough to get the ball rolling.
$C: **3 step plan to guarantee impeachment and restore the integrity of US democracy.**

*1. Massive, effective non-violence protest*

Massive protest has proven time and time again to be the most effective way to effect regime change and enforce grassroots democratic ideals. Some key factors in effective protest:

* Massive. There is millions and millions of Americans who are willing to protest now and millions more that can be convinced by the first group to protest. If even 5% of America protests in an organised way that's 15 million people. Concentrate in centres where you can and organise on a 'branching' model - where activists activate other activists who activate other activists etc. For those that can't get out of work use your free time to supply protesters and convince your family and friends to get involved.

* Non-violently disruptive. Don't protest where the elite want you to. Sit in in businesses that support the regime. Park cars and trucks blocking major arterials. Chain yourself to fences and gates. Make noise and stay positive - you aren't here because you hate Trump, you're here because you have a better vision for America, where people have a genuine say and have the means and protection needed to exercise their democratic rights.

* A clear ask and timeline. Make your protest about one specific ask on a timeframe: #2WeeksToImpeach maybe. Make it clear that protests will become more disruptive the longer this ask goes unanswered.


*2. General strike*

If 1. doesn't work, understand that the only thing the billionaires are terrified of is organised labour. Strikes have won every worthwhile right you have ever enjoyed. Join your union. Organise your colleagues. And build up savings for a few weeks of not working. You may think it will be the end of the world but you'll survive. And a few weeks of pain and uncertainty are worth a lifetime of better conditions and real democracy.

When we regain power (history shows we will eventually) stay in your union. Demand better industrial regulation, the clear right to join a union and be protected against discrimination.


*3. Elections*

The Democratic Party is certainly no panacea but massive engagement can and will improve the party. The elites will be colluding to rob you of your vote but as we saw in 2016 that is only effective when it stands on a knife edge.

If you can get leftist voter turnout to improve even by 20% or so you can make it nearly impossible to steal the midterms. Middle class people need to organise to drive voters on the day and get working class people registered. More scrutineers and volunteers can have a massive impact.  Get trustworthy socialist candidates elected in primaries and make corporate democrats understand that if they don't support their base they will be out in numbers to get them fired. 


If every desperate person on this sub focuses on mobilising others for these goals, it is *absolutely achievable*. Don't believe those who tell you there's nothing that you can do - they are simply, provably wrong. These methods succeed time and time again. Start right now.
$C: We wait for the next election, which will likely lead to a Republican loss?
$C: Problem is also down to the voting level tbh. I am not a US citizen but pushed Bernie down everyone's throat from day one. Almost all my friends did too but guess what? Every single one of those people didn't even go vote or weren't even registered to vote. So while the DNC fucked itself by trying to push Hillary, many of the young liberals fucked themselves too.
$C: Did you vote for Clinton in the general?
$C: Flex our second amendment rights because our forefathers predicted this kinda shit 200 or so years ago 
$C: You are doing what you can, more than most of us. But most of us can at least write an email to our Reps and let them know our views. They DO need to know.
How can we demand the Dems step up right now? Its getting late. I dont feel like there is a cohesive front. (I did tell my Rep that).
Shouldn't we at least be seeing some serious ads by now? Its all we can do. 
That, and never give up. There have always been 'nazis', maybe always will be. But they will NEVER win.
$C: Continue doing shit until something happens?  You aren't entitled to win politically; all you're entitled to is the ability to keep trying. 
$C: America *is* everything short of a bloody revolution. There were maybe thirty years where everything was kind of chill, and the only problem is that were too recent for you to keep a grasp on what “constant vigilance” means.

The Bernie Sanders of 1968 was shot in the fucking head, the DNC establishment pushed its own canidate without facing a primary, there were violent riots at the convention, and it gave Nixon his shot in hell to fuck over our country. We are nothing even close to the blood sweat and tears our fellow Americans gave to put things right after that. Like, just fifty years ago.

You ever felt so disenfranchised that you made nightly raids on the homesteads of the people who gerymandered your state? Later armed their slaves against them? Col. James Montgomery didn’t have a home til he burned the fuckers out that took it from him. Did Harriet Tubman knock her own fucking infected tooth out of her head with the grip of her pistol because it might have slowed her down, just so you could get bummed out because some gamergaters won’t stop memeing?

I am a direct descendant of a man that wrote his name on the declaration of independence. There’s no special blood in my veins. I get bummed out too sometimes. But if this is where you get off, then at least do the people who sacrificed before you the favor of shutting the fuck up about it.  We have everything we ever needed to keep this going, and we are nowhere near as bad as it’s been even in a lot of living people’s lifetimes. 

Take a fucking five to read some goddamn history and get your head back in the fucking game. And thanks for your work in the campaigns, we need you in November and for the rest of however free you want your life to be.
$C: Just be aware that the “rigged election” narrative came straight from the Cambridge Analytica handbook. They used it first to great effect in Nigeria. Obviously it also worked really well here.
$C: I can't even imagine your frustration. I'm also from Canada, and every day I am saddened, shocked and scared to see what's happening to you guys.

Thank you for all of your hard work, and please don't give up.  There has to be a way to influence this.

Remember that's it's people like you who made it possible for someone like Barrack Obama to become president. Remember also that getting to that point took hundreds of years, and who knows how many people.

We are behind you. The rest of the world is on your side.  (Well, those whom you want to be, at least.). Remember that your actions and your efforts will have an impact on everyone alive today and probably for years to come, even if you can't see it yet.

I'd like to throw back at you that same question that is being asked: what can we do, as the international community? How can we help? There are obvious limits as to how much we can work to influence the US election without crossing the same lines we're trying to reinforce, but there must be something.  Maybe someone like you would know the answer.  If there is an answer, I think you'll find a lot of us will flock to it.
$C: Thanks dude, sincerely
$C: I support you in your work. Do not give up. Our nation depends on folks like you. I promise to do more. You are an inspiration to be a better citizen.
$C: I'm not sure we can do anything but wait it out. Hopefully Mueller scoops up a lot of the officials and they're convicted of high crimes against the US and then given a VERY severe and VERY public punishment. Maybe go medieval and hang them in public, life in prison without chance of parole, something that ends their life as they know it. All their job benefits stripped from their family members.  They need to be made example of so future generations of politicians know not to fuck the people.  If they're only given a slap on the wrist, that's the same as 0 deterrent

And for each one, every piece of evidence needs to be laid out clearly and in the open so there's no doubt in anyone's minds about it
$C: Thanks for all the work you have done.  Sincerely.

I hadn't thought of using vacation time to protest.  I'm going to start doing that.

What else can we do?  I think the next best ideas are either a general strike or a consumer strike.  Both are difficult, if not impossible, to organize.  But we simply can't let that stop us.  There's too much at stake and we've exhausted other options.  We have to break the country economically (temporarily) to make they people with money (ie power) join the people against these autocrats.
$C: What do we do? Refuse to vote within a 2 party system or for career politicians. Being locked in the belief that it is Democrats vs Republicans has made us forget that it is the citizens vs the oligarchs. As long as they keep us fighting DvR battles, the oligarchs win.
$C: The last response is violent revolution I guess. If all other means fail you can fall back on that tried and true method of might makes right.

This is just philosophical pondering not actual justification for violence pls dont gitmo me.
$C: I expatriated nearly eighteen years ago and for the past 500 days and change it has seemed more and more like a better idea.

I felt like I got kicked in the stomach when I found out that he was elected and almost ever single day there's more and more proof that this traitorous cheese puff has literally sold the US to a foreign power. 

That he still has a large and vocal group of supporters *despite* the evidence of his treason and mental imbalance is absolutely heartbreaking. 

I honestly don't know how America is going to recover from what is going on, or even if it ever will.
$C: I'm in the same boat friend. I honestly feel helpless. I go out to protests when I can but many take place while I'm working. I cannot take time off from work to protest in Washington. I'm overworked, underpaid, under-represented, and when I go to a protest to fight for the ideals I believe in, to stand up to the corruption and authoritarianism in our systems of power, I'm yelled at by people in cars to "get a job."
$C: I feel you -- this election sucked. Here's my advice, which I do my best to follow (also, read Saul Alinsky's Rules for Radicals if you have time. Great book.). Much of this it sound like you're doing, but it bears repeating:

Get involved at a local and state level where independents and radicals can win. Run for office if you can, and work your way up, keeping your ideals as best you can.

Vote every time at higher levels, and *hold your nose* and vote for the canidate who will move us forward two steps and back one *because that canidate can maybe win and the alternative is three steps back*.

When someone bad happens, raise HELL with your state and federal representatives. Call them for every vote, call after a vote to express polite displeasure, vote them out if they don't listen on a plurality of issues (remember that they're juggling a divided public too, and that someone you can convince sometimes is better than someone you can't get elected).

Support electoral reform and oppose partisan thinking -- in the short term, banding together under a common banner is a powerful tool, but in the long term it is a corrosive influence on individual needs and interests.

And yes, absolutely protest and resist and yell and scream when there are no other options. I personally have a special feeling of scorn for the people who protest, *but don't fucking vote strategically* because those people are refusing to sully their hands with the hard and unpleasant work of Civic duty.

For me, the thing I remind myself over and over is that, for all things are bad now, they could be (and have been for most of human history) so, so much worse, and the way they get worse is if we disengage and let the slice of Americans represented by our government shrink further.

Civic duty is a *duty* and not a hobby. It's not supposed to be fun, or stress free, or a perfect March of progress (run the other way if a canidate tells you otherwise). It can really suck in the moments when the country is at a turning point and we don't all agree which way to go.
$C: Thank you for mentioning that the dnc shot itself in the foot along with everything else you said in how we got here. It's and equally important subject we need to address and focus on not happening again in order to get better voter turnouts. We need to be vocal on it all. 
$C: Honestly i don't think Bernie could have beat the Orangutan, but I'm sure he was more liked than Hillary.
$C: Consider the four boxes of liberty.
$C: Support sweeping gun bans, registries, and other limitations so you literally CANT do anything if it comes to it? Because it’ll never happen to us, right?
$C: Narcissism at it's finest
$C: Violence. 
$C: You used all of your vacation days and then some to protest? Oh God... I literally can't even right now. That's rich.

I also used to volunteer hundreds of hours for the democratic party. Then Bernie and Hillary completely pushed me away from the party. 
$C: You expatriate to a better country and watch this sinking ship go down in flames like it deserves. You tried your best to help the people, but the people were too stupid, corrupt, or malicious (or a combination of all three) to take the help you gave and pull themselves out of the gutter. 

Don't feel bad if you feel a little bit of Schadenfreude, after all you've given nobody can blame you.
$C: Well sure, your actions alone should have cured world hunger, amirite?  How could anyone give up 2 weeks of vacation and not cured cancer? 
$C: If the DNC didn’t rig the primaries against Bernie things may have been very different. 
$C: You need to elaborate more on how the DNC shot themselves in the foot. It was an inside job and Bernie had a 0% chance of becoming the democratic candidate. The sad thing is he stood back and let the DNC get their way instead of standing up. The reason he did this was not to expose how the DNC was rigged all along. It would have demolished any chance of a Democrat even coming remotely close to Trump in the election.
$C: It is time for peaceful divorce.  America tried multiculturalism and it is a spectacular failure.  There is no middle ground.  The two options are one group ruling over the other...which will lead to violence, or peaceful divorce.  Red states go one way, Blue the other.  

It is inevitable...best to do it peacefully and soon.  
$C: I don't see how people who scream that 'libtards are anti-American, we're patriots!' can pay any sort of attention to what's going on and not think "OMG, this guy is NOT American". He's the type of guy that would've been shot back during the day when they were hunting down communist sympathizers. Or something.

It's just so maddening after all the crap people brought up against the Obamas for stupid stuff like "tan suit", "sleeveless dress", etc, and calling them such crass names, but God forbid you critique a 'Republican' president at all. Then you're non-patriotic, how dare you question your leader, and so on, and so forth.
$C: That’s it , you said it you all band together for that matter we all should(other nations witnessing) stand with you. Your country seems to have been swindled out from under you.

Edited to add I am so sorry for how hard it must have been from the inside. Watching from Canada has been hard enough. 
$C: Lol exceptionalism
$C: Not even. There’s still a massive population that thinks this is all a hoax, that trumps presidency is completely legitimate and that everything is somehow Obama or Hillary’s fault. Every day yet another damning story comes out, and if their faith wasn’t shaken at secretive trump tower meetings with Russians, backroom deals with trump and trump family businesses, sex scandals, lining the cabinet with muck monsters from the swampiest of swamps... how could *this* change their minds?

I think our democracy is already mostly dead. I’m willing to believe in hope, but that wanes.
$C: Its probably a little of both. 

Trump is playing a long but he is still being manipulated
$C: Even if he was duped, that should be an impeachable offense for the fucking President of the United States of America.

I always try to capitalize that...because it always used to mean something, be important, and I remember back as a child thinking those words had some unimpeachable quality.  That the man/woman who held that title would always fight for our nation's best interests....

Now... I try to make sure to type it out fully whenever talking about things like, "The President of the United States of America raped his ex-wife," or "The President of the United States of America made fun of handicapped people/veterans/PoWs/women/entire races/etc."

The GOP has cheapened everything that makes america america.
$C: I figured he was a willing collaborator, but [this article](https://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2017/11/19/trump-first-moscow-trip-215842) truly nailed it down for me. I was, and still am, wowed by that information. Incredible article.
$C: Thats the freaking craziest part of this! We all KNEW even before the 'election', and people are behaving like they only just heard it. Are they putting something in the water? 
$C: #preach
$C: Well the US was content to sit on its hands when Crimea was annexed, and the President will let Putin grab whatever he wants. "When you're a strongman they just let you do it." Wasn't how that quote went?
$C: I can say even with less guns we wouldn’t let such blatant manipulation by our government happen. We are free.
Ps fuck you - just like trump you are fighting the wrong person. 
$C: "Alternative loyalty" 
$C: Oh it’s heavy treason now. 
$C: God the early Seasons were so funny 
$C: You are absolutely right, I hope the Americans wake up and stop making idiots of themselves. It's not easy, though, once you're nice and comfortable, as any developed country is.  
The news always seem absurd, and always spiral deeper, and deeper into madness. We don't do much about it, because it happens gradually, and we're used to change in our lives. Lately, however, the level of madness reached new, unthinkable heights, and you know what? It's gonna get crazier. It always does. 
$C: (☞ﾟヮﾟ)☞
$C: Some graphic designer came up with it like a month ago
$C: because hashtags and leetspeak aren't childish

$C: Here’s a better counter for you and anyone else presented with this farcical analogy:

The Lewinsky scandal was completely outside of the scope of not only the first, but also the second special investigation into Clinton’s alleged whitewater ties. Neither investigation found Clinton to be guilty of anything.

The only reason Clinton was impeached was because they used illegally obtained evidence after Kavanaugh (sound familiar?) urged Starr to pursue the sexual allegations. The American people voted in a Republican Congressional majority and they completely altered the scope of the investigation after the conclusions didn’t affirm what they wanted them to. 

There is no comparing the two in any way, outside of a petty focus on perjury. Which he did, but was totally unrelated to either investigation. The investigation into Trump is different in every single way imaginable, in that, people are actually going to trial for crimes that they actually committed within the scope of the investigation. End of story

Edit: (adding this)

The facts do not matter to the Republican Party. They are the single greatest threat to American stability and leadership that our country has ever faced.
$C: It’s called a perjury trap and any decent prosecutor can get the evidence through multiple interviews and questioning. It’s how they got Michael Flynn form”lying to the FBI”, a crime itself . He wasn’t  even notified he was being questioned officially and gave conflicting answers. That was my point about DT if He were to agree to an interview
$C: Here's a better explanation since the person you're replying to seems to misunderstand the definition of perjury.

Perjury is only charged if there is evidence that you knowingly lied to investigators. The crime exists so that you can't waste law enforcement resources and intentionally obstruct their investigation. There's also a crime for lying to investigators while not under oath for the same reason. That's called making false statements.

They can't say "You've done nothing wrong, but you lied to us, so you're going to jail." They only can say "You intentionally misled our investigation, so you're going to jail."
$C: Nope. Lying to an investigator is a crime too. All you have to have are conflicting statements. A  junior investigator can get that. Read about Michael Flynn. 
$C: [removed]
$C: Remember that speech that news anchor did the night of the results and how he was scared about the America his kids would grow up in with trump as president. About how he was worried how black people and immigrants would be treated? How fucking right was he. 
$C: Heck yeah. Some recent research has drawn a strong link between those white voters, the rise of modern black civil rights organizations, and voting for trump.

Basically white people got real uppity when black people were asking to not be shot. I guess it was just one too many things to ask for. 
$C: He fucking mocked a disabled person. How on earth could that be someone you want to lead you?
$C: Non-white, non-Christian, non-male, non-straights.
$C: We did so good on gay rights that all the racists came out of the closet too :(
$C: In America's defense (not Trump's), Trump was seemingly promising renewed support for blue-collar workers via renegotiation of trade deals - Unions and blue collar workers haven't really had a champion for a long time. Also Trump's main opponent was the victim of a coordinated and long lasting propaganda campaign for literal decades, even before the more focused efforts from other actors in 2016.

For everyone who thinks 'Trump won because racism', it really makes the situation more disheartening than it needs to be. Yes Trump used racists to enact his ends, and yes that makes him despicable, but not all Trump voters were overt racists, many just had the wool pulled over their eyes. 
$C: Yep. This is how it happened. 
$C: closet?
$C: Yes, we're called poor people. $4.95 for unlimited pancakes and coffee.
$C: Their eggs in a basket is delicious and cheap
$C: They used to have some seriously dank milkshakes that I bet would be just as good sober, but I truthfully wouldn't know.
$C: I really like this post because I'm bar people. If I see sober people at Denny's there is definitely something wrong with that picture.
$C: I eat Denny's sober all the time and I'm far too left-leaning to be fully satisfied with any Democrat (or Republican, obviously.) Your Denny's may be shitty, but mine is well-managed and has consistently delicious food. And it's cheap.
$C: Sadly that looks like a genuine concern. The republicans have been stoking this for years. And Trump just winds up an already bizarre base, so where this goes is anyone's guess. 
$C: I'm not from your country so, the elections upcoming, they are to determine congress yeah? 

If say the democrats win and control it, can they then impeach him or no?
$C: > it doesn't seem like this will end peacefully and I'm really worried about that.

Agreed.  We think things are bad now - and they are, without question - but what happens when the truly massive protests begin and we have our own [Tiananmen Square](https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2016/mar/11/donald-trump-tiananmen-square-china-playboy-interview) moment in the US?
$C: Imagine how pissed people would be if he IS impeached. I can’t even imagine. 
$C: I'm worried, too, because I can't stand this and am starting to think that if no one in government is going to do something about this (and the Russian majorities won't), rioting would be better than nothing.

But even if the streets were flooded with peaceful protest... Who knows what would happen. But then, even that would probably be better than what'll happen when Trump wins a more thoroughly hacked election.
$C: It's been the Republican way for years. 
$C: You misunderstand Trump then.  Lol  I guarantee you that he loves this. He was born to be a drama queen and he relishes any press he can get. He's the latest reincarnation of PT Barnum, who said, There is a sucker born every minute.  Or maybe if was just a normal snake oil salesman like Trump who said that....,.
$C: I personally hate conspiracy thinking, but I will tell you this as a prediction..... if the dems keep just chugging along as a center-slightly-rightish party, and ignore what voters actually want, then yes....As foul as the republicans are, at least, in a highly bizarre way, they appear to be telling the truth.  Again, they aren't, but when someone spews crazy, at least crazy seems genuine. 
$C: I mentioned this elsewhere, but the attitude towards adding a paper receipt to electric voting machines should tell you all you need to know about how they're being abused.  It would be cheap, easy to install, and effective.  Which of course means anyone who's suggested it has been ignored or in some cases vilified.
$C: As someone who replied to one of my messages said.  Make sure that you register and vote.  
$C: I assume that your dad supports Trump?  
$C: It's kind of surreal that the second amendment might be a "left wing" thing.  ;-)
$C: The "world" isn't fucking the US economy, Trump is. He keeps pointing at the unemployment rate, and dicks like Paul Ryan champion (since deleted I think ) the family that is getting a couple cents more per week, Trump makes up numbers, and dismisses reality. It's his thing.  The republicans will back him because they are bought and paid for, and the tax cuts were more important that anything.  

The rest of the country can go to hell.  Buying into myths is what got them here. 
$C: I sort of agree with you. I think that many of the democrats have sold out to money interests, but not remotely like the repubs have. That's mostly how Trump won. But I disagree that there is a moral equivalency. Hell, one of the democrats biggest mistakes was trying to go further right in order to attract voters. They just looked dishonest. They aren't able to lie as well as republicans.  
$C: Really?  Wow.  Ok, I was just going off of who actually benefited from it. I forgot to mention that someone claimed that everyone benefited from it. My bad.  Smfh 
$C: People in the 200-500k income range that live in areas with high state income tax actually got a tax increase.
$C: Generic username, bad usage of the English language, blatant lying to support trump. What could that possibly mean
$C: Most politicians lie by omitting details, being needlessly specific, and carefully selecting language.

Trump lies by saying it's not raining as it's clearly raining.
$C: I don't get how they didn't see it.  During his campaign rallies he promised things that were damn right out impossible and sometimes in direct conflict with each other. Many times in the same paragraph. Nothing he said made any fucking sense what so ever and these people ate it up because he was "telling it like it is".  Except at no point did he ever even approach "like it is".
$C: On a positive note, the only one who knew about this story were John Brennan, the former director of the CIA, who personally briefed Trump about Putin ordering the US election hack, and possibly some higher ups at the CIA. He/they knew Trump has been lying about this entire time and hasn't told anyone in the media about it, until now.

So something must have happened that was too far for them, and they decided now was the time to let the American people know about this. Which hopefully maybe means others will start speaking out, too. It seems like maybe the line has been crossed and people are fed up with his shit.
$C: Trump is a symptom not a cause. We have an uneducated population wholly unequipped to handle what the internet has brought upon us.
$C: The whole thing is Shakespearean, we're at the end of the third act now, the fourth and fifth are going to be fucking *bonkers.*
$C: This is exactly the case. So long as he keeps fucking over brown people, they'll keep swallowing whatever shit he craps into their mouths and justify it using whatever insane conspiracy theories and explanations Fox News fucks into their brains. 
$C: This, I met someone who said "If Putin helped Hillary Clinton lose I'd like to shake his hand."
$C: Don’t forget to count single issue voters. 

Source: single issue voter. 
$C: Assuming they even acknowledge this.
$C: **10^th of July, 2017 President Trump meets with Russian Foreign Minister Lavrov and Ambassador Kislyak, we know thanks to the Russian press. Ambassador Kislyak is the reason why National Security Adviser Flynn resigned/plead guilty to charges, moreover Attorney General Sessions recused himself from the Russia inquiry due to his contacts with Kislyak during the campaign.**

Russian Foreign Minister Lavrov met with President Trump a day after President Trump fired FBI Director Comey.^[[1]](http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2017/05/10/trump-to-meet-russian-foreign-minister-lavrov-amid-comey-firestorm.html) Sergey Lavrov and Russian Ambassador Kislyak entered the oval office, the American press were 
barred from entering the room.^[[2]](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/05/10/us/politics/trump-russia-meeting-american-reporters-blocked.html) Earlier in the day at one point Lavrov made a joke to the media feigning ignorance of Comey's firing, *“Was he fired?” he sarcastically asked. “You are kidding. You are kidding.”*.^[[3]](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2017/05/10/the-strange-oval-office-meeting-between-trump-lavrov-and-kislyak)

>It was a curious choice for a meeting that took place less than a day after Trump fired FBI Director James B. Comey, who was leading the investigation into the Trump campaign's ties to Russian officials.

**Former Russian Ambassador Kislyak**

You may recognize Kislyak as he's at the center of Special Counsel Mueller's investigation.^[[4]](https://www.buzzfeed.com/jasonleopold/newly-uncovered-russian-payments-are-a-focus-of-election?utm_term=.jbvRdBkVL#.vrV5rqWV1)

>One of the people at the center of the investigation, the former Russian ambassador to the US Sergey Kislyak, received $120,000 ten days after the election of Donald Trump. Bankers flagged it to the US government as suspicious in part because the transaction, marked payroll, didn’t fit prior pay patterns.

>...Special counsel Robert Mueller’s team, charged with investigating Russian election interference and possible collusion by the Trump campaign, is examining these transactions and others by Russian diplomatic personnel, according to a US official with knowledge of the inquiry. The special counsel has broad authority to investigate “any matters” that “may arise” from his investigation, and the official said Mueller’s probe is following leads on suspicious Russian financial activity that may range far beyond the election.

**Disgraced former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn**

National Security Adviser Flynn was fired after it came out that he was in contact with Kislyak multiple times during and after the campaign where they allegedly discussed Russian sanctions,^[[5]](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/national-security-adviser-flynn-discussed-sanctions-with-russian-ambassador-despite-denials-officials-say/2017/02/09/f85b29d6-ee11-11e6-b4ff-ac2cf509efe5_story.html?utm_term=.5e916a5718bb) he didn't disclose it.^[[6]](https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/feb/13/michael-flynn-resigns-quits-trump-national-security-adviser-russia) Following this scandal Michael Flynn was charged with willfully and knowingly making false statements to the FBI,^[[7]](http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2017/12/08/michael-flynn-charged-in-russia-investigation-what-to-know.html) he pled guilty and is cooperating with Special Counsel Mueller.^[[8]](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/12/01/us/politics/michael-flynn-guilty-russia-investigation.html)

**Attorney General Jeff Sessions Russia Investigation Recusal, Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein & Appointment of Special Counsel Mueller**
 
Moreover President Trump's Attorney General Jeff Sessions met Kislyak during the campaign,^[[9]](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-trump-russia-convention/mueller-probing-russia-contacts-at-republican-convention-sources-idUSKBN1H52VT) he was forced to recuse himself from the Russia investigation.^[[10]](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-03-21/mueller-investigated-sessions-for-perjury-on-russia-statements)  Deputy AG Rod Rosenstein took over the Russia inquiry and subsequently appointed Special Counsel Mueller.^[[11]](https://www.justice.gov/opa/pr/appointment-special-counsel) Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein is a Republican, who appointed former FBI Director and Republican Robert Mueller as Special Counsel and was lauded by the Republican party,^[[12]](https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/2017/05/17/rare-bipartisan-moment-both-sides-embrace-robert-mueller-special-counsel/101810310/) Rosenstein was nominated by President Trump.^[[13]](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-trump-justice-deputy/trump-to-nominate-rod-rosenstein-to-be-deputy-u-s-attorney-general-idUSKBN15G2ZS)

While the investigation has led to a few dozen indictments, several arrests, guilty pleas, and President Trump's former Campaign Manager Paul Manafort's imprisonment, the GOP has completely changed their tune as they seek to impeach Deputy AG Rod Rosenstein even though the investigation continues to uncover crimes.^[[14]](https://www.politico.com/story/2018/07/13/house-republicans-rod-rosenstein-impeachment-719816)

**4^th of July, 2018 a group of Republican lawmakers travel to Moscow and meet Foreign Minister Lavrov.^[[15]](https://www.rollcall.com/news/politics/senate-republicans-meet-lavrov-moscow-ahead-trump-putin-summit)**

Russian state propaganda brazenly asserted that *“Trump is ours,”* and joke that the U.S. lawmakers traveled to Russia *“to make deals with our hackers, so they can rig the midterms in favor of Trump’s team."*^[[16]](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/posteverything/wp/2018/07/15/on-russian-state-tv-putin-has-already-won-the-summit-with-trump/?utm_term=.57b73a15c9ee)

**18^th of July, 2018 House Republicans refuse to renew election security funding.^[[18]](https://www.washingtonpost.com/business/economy/house-gop-refuses-to-renew-election-security-funding-as-democrats-fume-over-russian-meddling/2018/07/18/20761f88-8abb-11e8-8aea-86e88ae760d8_story.html?noredirect=on&utm_term=.1748082132a7)**
____

1) [Fox News - Trump meets Russian Foreign Minister Lavrov amid Comey firestorm](http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2017/05/10/trump-to-meet-russian-foreign-minister-lavrov-amid-comey-firestorm.html)

2) [New York Times - Trump Bars U.S. Press, but Not Russia’s, at](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/05/10/us/politics/trump-russia-meeting-american-reporters-blocked.html)

3) [Washington Post - The strange Oval Office meeting between Trump, Lavrov and Kislyak](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2017/05/10/the-strange-oval-office-meeting-between-trump-lavrov-and-kislyak/?utm_term=.140eea250de3)

4) [BuzzFeed - Investigators Are Scrutinizing Newly Uncovered Payments By The Russian Embassy](https://www.buzzfeed.com/jasonleopold/newly-uncovered-russian-payments-are-a-focus-of-election?utm_term=.jbvRdBkVL#.vrV5rqWV1)

5) [Washington Post - National security adviser Flynn discussed sanctions with Russian ambassador, despite denials, officials say](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/national-security-adviser-flynn-discussed-sanctions-with-russian-ambassador-despite-denials-officials-say/2017/02/09/f85b29d6-ee11-11e6-b4ff-ac2cf509efe5_story.html?utm_term=.5e916a5718bb)

6) [The Guardian - Trump security adviser Flynn resigns after leaks suggest he tried to cover up Russia talks](https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/feb/13/michael-flynn-resigns-quits-trump-national-security-adviser-russia)

7) [Fox News - Michael Flynn charged in Russia investigation: What to know](http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2017/12/08/michael-flynn-charged-in-russia-investigation-what-to-know.html)

8) [New York Times - Michael Flynn Pleads Guilty to Lying to the F.B.I. and Will Cooperate With Russia Inquiry](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/12/01/us/politics/michael-flynn-guilty-russia-investigation.html)

9) [Reuters - Mueller probing Russia contacts at Republican convention: sources](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-trump-russia-convention/mueller-probing-russia-contacts-at-republican-convention-sources-idUSKBN1H52VT)

10) [Bloomberg - Mueller Investigated Sessions for Perjury on Russia Statements](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-03-21/mueller-investigated-sessions-for-perjury-on-russia-statements)

11) [U.S. Department of Justice - Appointment of Special Counsel](https://www.justice.gov/opa/pr/appointment-special-counsel)

12) [USA Today - Rare bipartisan moment: Both sides embrace Robert Mueller as special counsel](https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/2017/05/17/rare-bipartisan-moment-both-sides-embrace-robert-mueller-special-counsel/101810310/)

13) [Reuters - Trump to nominate Rod Rosenstein to be deputy U.S. attorney general](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-trump-justice-deputy/trump-to-nominate-rod-rosenstein-to-be-deputy-u-s-attorney-general-idUSKBN15G2ZS)

14) [Politico - House conservatives prep push to impeach Rosenstein](https://www.politico.com/story/2018/07/13/house-republicans-rod-rosenstein-impeachment-719816)

15) [Roll Call - Senate Republicans Meet Lavrov in Moscow Ahead of Trump-Putin Summit](https://www.rollcall.com/news/politics/senate-republicans-meet-lavrov-moscow-ahead-trump-putin-summit)

16) [Washington Post - On Russian state TV, Putin has already won the summit with Trump](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/posteverything/wp/2018/07/15/on-russian-state-tv-putin-has-already-won-the-summit-with-trump/?utm_term=.57b73a15c9ee)

17) [Washington Post - House GOP refuses to renew election security funding as Democrats fume over Russian interference](https://www.washingtonpost.com/business/economy/house-gop-refuses-to-renew-election-security-funding-as-democrats-fume-over-russian-meddling/2018/07/18/20761f88-8abb-11e8-8aea-86e88ae760d8_story.html?noredirect=on&utm_term=.1748082132a7)
$C: I know you probably get this a lot, but thank you for what you do. It’s really hard to wake up and read about the awful shit the president does every day, but then I read your well-written, sourced and thorough comments and it helps a little. If only to know that there are people out there who genuinely care about what is happening to our country. 
$C: Oh god, the world needs people like you so badly these days...
$C: All Hail /u/PoppinKREAM 

For edification, since it always comes up but without adequate background(in summary from the WP article):

**How does adoption factor in?**
The barring of U.S. adoptions of Russian children is a flash point of tense diplomatic relations and tied directly to the Magnitsky Act. Two weeks after Obama signed the Magnitsky Act, Russian President Vladimir *Putin signed a bill that blocked adoption of Russian children by parents in the United States*. Supporters of the (Russian) bill at the time cited mistreatment of Russian children by adoptive U.S. parents as the reason for its passage. But it was widely viewed as *a retaliatory act*, and the issues have been linked since.

---

Even more pernicious is the fact that many of these intended adoptions were special needs children that were not receiving proper care/attention. U.S. families were willing to take this on in order to have a child in their lives. Putin's bill, with prima facie intent to screw over generous American people also hurts children. Now they can *blame* the U.S. for poor treatment with zero fucks given.
$C: >Sec. 4) The President shall report to Congress annually regarding each foreign person sanctioned, the type of sanctions imposed, and the reason for their imposition.

His this ever happened?
$C: >  on or about July 27, 2016,

One thing that's always made me uncomfortable about this argument.  They say on or about.  What if it was the 26th?  That throws the entire "Trump directly asked them" evidence out.  I'm afraid we're putting too much stock in that.  If it turns out to not be accurate, all of a sudden we've discredited ourselves.
$C: I’m glad the Browder testimony is mentioned here, as it was completely glossed over in the news cycle when it took place. Wonder why that was...?

Oh yeah, it’s the same day that the White House communications director decided to go publicly insane after 10 days in the job, for no discernible reason... almost as if he were trying to be a lighting rod or something. Hmm. 
$C: I am sure that you are aware of that, but I just want to point out that Preet Bharara has a podcast talking with Bill Browder that explains very well the birth of the Maninsky act and what happened with the lawyer and how Putin's government operates.

Here's the link: Stay Tuned with Preet - Seeking Justice for Sergei Magnitsky (with Bill Browder) - https://radiopublic.com/StayTuned/s1!632a112c925ffc38c5399871b5c8d4a95f4a9f98
$C: RemindMe! Six months
$C: ELI5?
$C: [deleted]
$C: > Natalia Veselnitskaya

If she's so important and is the only known person to have met directly with high-level Trump Team officials like Don, Jr. then why hasn't Bob Mueller tried to talk to her in any way whatsoever? Common sense tells us that if there is anyone out there that Mueller should try to talk to it would be this woman since she had direct contact with Trump's son which is more or less like talking to Trump himself since we all know that Don, Jr. reports directly to his father. This in mind, it's baffling that Mueller hasn't sought her out for any questioning whatsoever.

http://thehill.com/blogs/blog-briefing-room/384391-russian-lawyer-questions-lack-of-contact-from-mueller

http://www.businessinsider.com/ap-russian-lawyer-questions-why-mueller-hasnt-contacted-her-2018-4

> Special Counsel Mueller's new indictment against 12 Russian Intelligence Officers found that on July 27, 2016 Russian hackers known as Guccifer 2.0 hacked Hillary Clinton's emails.

Mueller indicted these individuals knowing that they'll never see a courtroom in America and therefore he doesn't have to show anyone his supposed evidence. Very convenient, isn't it? Oh yeah, they called Mueller's bluff and hired lawyers and have said that they would appear in court and that they want to see Bob's evidence. Bob has delayed the supposed trial and has been slow to hand their lawyers any evidence. 

https://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-trump-russia-concord/lawyer-for-russian-company-says-muellers-office-slow-to-hand-over-evidence-idUSKCN1IH2VP

http://thehill.com/business-a-lobbying/386348-mueller-team-seeks-delay-in-russia-indictments-case-report

https://www.politico.com/story/2018/05/04/mueller-russia-interference-election-case-delay-570627

https://twitter.com/ggreenwald/status/1017847628028088321

I'm not sure how things are done in Russia but in America everyone gets their day in court, they get a fair and speedy trial, they get to see evidence, they get to defend themselves, and they're innocent until proven guilty. Apparently, some people don't feel like that should be the case with these Russians who were indicted.

The origins of Fusion GPS are hardly innocent. Paul Singer is a billionaire Never-Trumper who commissioned the Fusion GPS report which produced the Steele dossier which has been, as much as anything else, critical to the establishment of the Special Counsel investigation. After Singer was done financing, Hillary Clinton then threw millions of dollars to continue digging up dirt for the Fusion GPS report on Trump. Given that the two individuals both responsible are both powerful, wealthy people that absolutely do not like Trump at all and given that one of them was his presidential election opponent, the idea that much of what has been produced in the report is free of bias or exaggeration or outright falsehoods is pretty ridiculous.

> So the issue with the Trump Tower meeting, as 1 I understand it, is that the Trump people were eager to accept intelligence from a foreign government about their political rivals and that is, you know, I would say, a form of interference.

Is this not what Simpson, Fusion GPS, and Hillary Clinton did by employing a British spy aka a foreigner to dig up dirt on Trump? Is that not seeking out help from a foreign agent to use to go after a political opponent in Donald Trump? What is the difference?

Here's a gilded comment of mine addressing a past comment of PoppinKREAM's regarding the Russia investigation and in particular Fusion GPS.

https://np.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/86ofqx/upoppinkream_brilliantly_lays_out_the_case_for/dw75syt/?context=3
$C: [deleted]
$C: Yeah at this point I just want the damage to stop. Our country can't take this forever. I'll take him evading punishment for his crimes if it means getting him out of office sooner rather than later.
$C: I digress.  I was in the company of some well travelled, well read, and quite frankly, brilliant people not so long ago, and they shared that what is happening right now in America is simply the pendulum of democracy swinging back (hopefully not too far) after 8 years of progressive politics.  The point of this was to say that the pendulum swings back and forth.  It’s not swinging our way right now.  They said it better than I did, but it rings true to me. 
$C: I fear it is already too late.
$C: He was a shady, corrupt businessman that somehow has become our shady, corrupt president. 
$C: [removed]
$C: i think it’s too late already.
what will next presidents do? revert trumps choices in the trade war? weakness. push through? no fix.

no. putin made sure his boy would do the type of damage that can’t be fixed first.
$C: And then we get Mike Pence, which is... I guess kind of an improvement?

I mean his policies are just as bad, but at least he’s not as insane as Trump. 
$C: It was too late on Jan 20, 2017.
$C: I think it is too late at this point 
$C: That’s obviously not going to happen.  I’ll settle for forcibly removed from office, tried, convicted and sent to prison. 
$C: Has there ever been a more severe, more damaging act of treason than this?
$C: Thanks. That made my day. 
$C: I'm hoping he quickly degrades into a shitty state of dimentia him and his family have to suffer through. 
$C: Too soon

[sarcasm, reddit. It's sarcasm ffs]
$C: Too bad Russia aren’t are declared enemies because without a state of war treason means nothing.  
$C: You severely underestimate the Secret Service. You cannot get close to the President with any weapon. Any sniper position you think would work is already occupied by a secret service sniper or under surveillance by a counter-sniper. You cannot set a roadside bomb because they patrol the sewers and block radio transmissions. And no Secret Service agent is going to turn. They go through the highest level of vetting. 
$C: You’re saying he isn’t one already?
$C: Yes.  Unless also indicted and convicted.  The problem with all of this is that it’s likely that the powers that he would intervene for the sake of our country’s safety and security.  I do fear the direction we are headed in.  It seems dire and now unavoidable.  This doesn’t feel like a get out and vote moment.  It feels like a reckoning is coming.
$C: Obstruction isn’t strong enough.  We are talking money laundering, here.  We are possibly talking sex-trade here.  We have just scratched the surface.  As a New Yorker from Brooklyn, I know DT and his kind.  He is filth and he deserves no quarter from any human on this planet.
$C: It's not treason without an active declaration of war. Russia is not an enemy for the purposes of treason.
$C: Unfortunately treason is only chargeable for helping an enemy we are actively at war with.  How I know:  I heard it on more than one blog and possibly read it online like 6-8 weeks ago.
$C: I think it baffles most of us.  We underestimated a large enough part of this country.  We didn’t foresee that people would sell our country to our adversary wholesale.   We simply thought that some things were not within the realm of possibility.  This is where we failed, and continue to fail.  “Assume nothing”.   The revolution is coming.  
$C: Haaa_penis.  Put it in the books, but close it gently, cause it would hurt if it was hard.
$C: Never wish harm upon anyone, I am a conservative and would never wish Hillary would’ve somehow died.
$C: Hi rockt369. It looks like your comment to /r/worldnews was removed because you've been using a link shortener. Due to issues with spam and malware we do not allow shortened links on this subreddit.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/worldnews) if you have any questions or concerns.*
$C: 100% agree. 
$C: Lie Out Loud
$C: Obama just yesterday (or the day before, IDK) strongly alluded to trump while giving a speech...   I'd absolutely love it if he put Trump on blast if he ever gets impeached,  and just makes it his sole mission to destroy any and all legacy Trump could ever wish to have..   It might sound vindictive,   but so long as neither are in office at the time it would at least restore the worlds faith in the US to have an internal condemnation of that asshat.
$C: He can still be impeached...  
$C: The CIA, FBI, NSA could have done something about it, right?  I mean, they do stuff like that all the time.  Maybe not the FBI, but there are government agencies that could have prevented this.  I am assuming it really happened.  Of course, it did not happen, which is why they did nothing.  
$C: It is interesting when I get comments like yours that do not add to the discussion.  

Why do you suppose Obama did not prevent the Russians from interfering?  

Obama to Trump: Stop whining:  

https://youtu.be/UXpRswM-tzc  

Trump won an overwhelming majority of rural America counties.  These are the farmers and ranchers and gun owners.  I am not sure how these free and independent people can be influenced by the Ruskies.  Do you?   

2016 US Presidential Election Map By County & Vote Share:  

https://brilliantmaps.com/2016-county-election-map/  
$C: I don’t really care what Trump thinks. His administration isn’t some monolith he’s micromanaging. His foreign policy is handled by Mattis, Bolton and Pompeo. What he says doesn’t reflect their activities or opinions so why bother at this point with what he says?

Obama had the choice to actually disclose this. Trump has a vested interest in not admitting it. Not becuase *lolcollusion* but becuase it hurts his ego and his re-election.
$C: >Obama did come out and say it before the inauguration. 

Ok then why does it matter? 

This is just a game to get him to say it himself when e has a vested interest in not. And no it’s not becuase of collusion. It’s becuase of his ego and the fact it hurts his re-election. 

It’s idiotic at this point to even be asking him the question. So why are we? It makes no sense.
$C: Then why does this matter? Seriously if Obama said this happened then what does it mean anymore? It’s nonsense to continue. People are asking him specifically to annoy him and make it seem like he’s illegitimate. 

He’s not wrong about the law enforcement. From a noncitizen of the US: what the FBI was doing was insane. Comey alone was an idiot but when you count that the investigation is tainted by the fact some guy was actively pursuing investigation into trump to stop his presidency from happening it’s just a shit show. Grow up and read the actual reports. Half of what Trump says is bullshit but that doesn’t mean everything is.
$C: It is no where near the same lol. The circumstances of the Nixon resignation do not mirror this "Trump collusion." Sure Nixon "colluded" if that's what your point is. Similarities end there.
$C: Good one mom
$C: Why reasonable minded citizens haven't fucking revolted yet baffles me. This is AMERICA we're talking about! The land BORN in revolution! Courage my trans-pacific friends. I wish you good luck and offer solidarity. 
$C: Damn yall are delusional
$C: hey man theres no dumb questions! you’re correct, our presidential elections are every 4 years. however, the length of the terms for the house and senate are 2 and 6 years respectively so we hold elections every 2 years.

this also includes state and local government, city council, school board, proposed state/city initiatives, and things of those natures. us americans really fucking like voting!
$C: And that's how we tricked you in to being pro gun!
$C: Me too, but I can't for the life of me remember where I read it.
$C: This is part of the issue with Brett Kavanaugh and his potential seat on the Supreme Court - he fundamentally believes that the president CANNOT be arrested, PERIOD, during their time in office. 
$C: I never claimed it did, only that it's a little hypocritical for the US to be clutching its pearls and for there to be all this dismay when it turns out that Russia is doing the same thing the US has been doing for years.

Propaganda is legal in the US. Why is everyone hyping this so much when it's literally business as usual for everyone involved?
$C: It's a conversation about Russia fucking with the US election, as if major world powers meddling in the affairs of other nations is some new menace no one saw coming.

We literally overthrow governments that get in our way and act shocked as hell when some other country does a milder version of what is everyday business for us.

It's not a different conversation, I'm just pointing out the important aspect to remember. If we want nations to not fuck with our elections and have a moral position to call it out when it happens, maybe we should treat the rest of the world as having the same right to self determinism as we supposedly demand for ourselves.
$C: You know, when Trump started making me miss GWB, I figured I had experienced a healthy reassessment of what conservatism is supposed to be about in the face of something corrupt.

But when you start making me talk about the things I preferred about *Nixon*, then we have a serious problem with integrity in the White House.
$C: Dude is consumed with his own ego. Literally has nothing to do with what's best for the country. He just wants to pump his own tires.
$C: Nixon was a paranoid, dangerous man who never should have been let near the Presidency, let alone occupy the Oval Office, but goddamn was he effective at times.
$C: Remember nixon is the reason a bunch of peaceful college kids got shot and killed for protesting
$C: Remember all those pissed off Bernie supporters who decided to vote for Trump with the idea being that he would shake shit up so bad it would cause America to change for the better? Notall Bernie supporters did this, but a good chunk did. Remember those dickheads in future elections because their whole philosophy was "I didn't get what I want, so I'm voting for the devil" and now not only is international relations at a low not seen since the second world war, but the entire legitimacy of the American democracy is now in question.

There are portions of America's world dominance that legitimately may never truly recover from this. If Americans think that this can all be undone once Trump is gone, remember that all of Americas allies just got slapped in the face and were informed that every 4-8 years America might elect a lunatic who will undo and reneg on any agreements in place. The world is rapidly seeking to diversify it's economic situation and the other major powers are frothing at the bit to take on the trade that America has now fucked itself out of.
$C: To me, this was the Vietnam's era of crotchety old white men who just wanted to give the country the finger for getting rid of racism.

Sadly I see a deal of their children and grandchildren following in their footsteps.  Sad because they didn't grow up with the racism - they really did learn it.  It's just subliminal and behind closed door racism now.  Unless it's about Muslims - then it's outright.
$C: Seems like a pretty realistic prediction. Unless of course he follows Putin's lead and becomes the King of America.
$C: >Nixon didnt sell out America to line his pockets and betray us to a hostile power.

Eh he kind of did.  He sabotaged peace talks with North Vietnam to get elected.  Like how Reagan made sure the Iranian hostages were released after he was elected. 
$C: > Not just China, ending Nam and Title 9 and the EPA also.


Nixon also got rid of draft exemptions. That's incredibly cool. With Nixon, we had brilliant bad guy running things - which is what Trump's base often falsely claims he is, which is a display of deep depravity.
$C: The worst... I mean cmon Buchanan helped foster the Civil War and was ready to watch the country fall apart.......oh.....yeah I see what you are getting at...
$C: Nixon wanted to be the best president, from what I understand of the man from reading. He was given the war and struggled and quite frankly lost his mind , his tapes with the protestors outside of the Lincoln memorial are clearly him not being able to cope. He did some really positive things, but his war against hippies, which resulted in a sustained drug war.., is one bad legacy.
$C: Nixon had a huge ego but tried to keep it under wraps. That's why he lied about trying to stop Nam.  He didn't want to be known as the only President that lost a war.  As bad as that is, I'd rather have that then Trump who doesn't care about letting others know he has an ego.  
$C: >Nixon didnt sell out America 

During his campaign, Nixon conspired to interfere with the peace talks that could have ended the war, because he thought if Johnson could reach a peace treaty it would give him the boost he would need to win a second term. It was treason, for the purpose of personal gain. [ Source: https://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2017/08/06/nixon-vietnam-candidate-conspired-with-foreign-power-win-election-215461 ]

I still think Trump is worse. But a reasonable argument can be made, based on what we know so far, that Trump's treason is not so much a devious master plan as it is the knee-jerk spasms of an easily manipulated dullard. 
$C: > Nixon didnt sell out America to line his pockets and betray us to a hostile power.

Uhhh lol. Nixon personally sabotaged Vietnam peace talks to make sure the war would still be going for his relection.
$C: *cough Democratic Congress cough
$C: He's also a fucking moron, *as per his own associates and appointees*. For that reason alone he was unequivocally unfit. Nevermind the lies, the fearmongering, the scapegoating and the *treason*.
$C: Nixon was a piece of shit, but he was still our piece of shit. For all the paranoia and abuses of power, I believe he still generally tried to act in what he thought was the best interest of the country and not in the best interest of his pockets.
$C: I agree with this 100%
$C: Trump’s legacy may be the final destruction of the Republican Party. I hope Flake and Kasich and a few others can see the party is lost and not waste time trying to remake it. 
$C: Not unless ~40% of citizens suddenly have a change of heart in the near future. I mean all the cards are on the table and they STILL like him. 
$C: Unless the United States dissolves I think Trump will sit solidly one spot behind Buchanan
$C: I just wonder if 15 years from now we're going to call it "The Trump Era" or something else fancy, like "The American Dark Ages".
$C: He delayed the ending of Vietnam quite a bit because kissinger was always whispering in his ear. 
$C: Hopefully he’ll be known as the modern day Benedict Arnold. 
$C: >Nixon was a pc of shit but he was a pc of shit as a person and politically, Nixon didnt sell out America to line his pockets and betray us to a hostile power.

Nixon also torpedoed peace talks between the US and Hanoi in order to help himself get elected.  That's more treasonous than anything Trump has done.

>Trump will go down as the worst American President in history, by a wide margin by the end of our lives. 15y from now people wont even argue about it, it will just be accepted fact

I hate Trump as much as the next guy, but this not even close to accurate.  Call me when Trump starts a trillion dollar war that helps destabilize the Middle East.
$C: 2nd worst. 

Failure to avoid Civil War and millions on Homeland American deaths says hello. 
$C: Somehow I'm scared this will just get swept under the rug somehow and nothing will be done. Like I'm ready to take to the streets and shit
$C: i fear that in the end, he may call on his followers to take up arms. we will see who responds.
$C: No fucking doubt. Plenty of presidents in the past have done some shady/questionable things but at least they went about it with cunning and tact.
$C: We just don't know yet. He could be gaslighting us. He could be playing 4d chess and we just don't know it. Not trying to toot his horn, because I highly doubt it, but maybe it's an act to lower our guard and fuck us. So don't believe it yet. He is still winning. 
$C: For comparison sake, can you say how worse or better we would be with him rather than pence? I often hear he'd be a shitshow if Trump got kicked out of office but then I've also heard about Nixon so..
$C: I dunno man, Nixon flat out said he was not a crook. That's a very strong and powerful  denial. I don't see any reason why he would be one.
$C: Hah. Good one. His base will continue their mental gymnastics and the rest of us will be too afraid to flood the streets to actually do something about it.
$C: No, that's not what I said. It's the media bombarding the general public with doctored info, sensationalizing every little thing, and taking innocent phrases wholly out of context. The media pumps out "news" only for ratings. There is not journalistic integrity to be found anywhere in the mainstream media, and half of everybody just can't seem to grasp that.
$C: >  slew of red voters that Russia easily manipulated

again, how many people do you really think changed their vote because of some fake news stories? If they were dumb enough to be affected, they were probably already heavily in trumps corner. 

I 100% do not believe this had any effect on the outcome of the election, and I believe that if hillary won this would never had been heard of because they KNOW it couldnt have had that sizable of an effect.

It is pure statistics. You literally cannot ever measure how many people changed their vote (which is the key outcome) from the fake new stories russian bots pushed. Some say that a 100k vote shift would have given hillary the presidency, but there is such a small chance that there was a 100k vote swing in the SPECIFIC areas hillary needed to win. Its pure statistical insanity to say it happened

> Plus wait until the story breaks that Russia actually hacked the voting booths and the entire things was rigged

This I wont even address....because its on the level of 911 truthers
$C: so if hillary clinton won, do you think this is a big deal? Because I dont think it would be.

And no hostility, just genuine curiosity
$C: Eight years of H O P E.
$C: That’s interesting.  It’d be interesting to try that here, except, withholding a vote is protected by our 1st Amendment right to free speech... which I can see as advantageous in some cases that I can make up in my head.  I will say, however, that if people aren’t forced to vote, but rather are encouraged to vote to the point where people organically treat it as a sacred right. They’ll innately feel like they have to exercise their right to vote.  Everyone will not only feel a greater level of control and self-worth In a society, but will rest easy knowing that even where disagreements could occur with fellow countrymen, the people you disagree with at least voted with compassion towards you rather than vote as a way to wave a middle finger around for no reason..

Edit: grammar 
$C: Thank you 
$C: Well then the people need to show that and protest, instead of just being passive.


$C: Not just that, they're breaking the law in doing so.

And not just any law, the ONE big law that has been ever present in their minds almost every day for decades: Don't Reveal Classified Information.

This is like a Doctor violating HIPAA or Pharmacist handing out meds without a script.
$C: "knowing" something and having proof are two different things. Like knowing that the Russians were backchanneling through the NRA was one thing, seeing an indictment from the FBI about it is another.
$C: It's coming out now because Helsinki was the last straw for the very specific people with access to this information. It was an outright treasonous display of behaviour in public. I'm anticipating a lot of high level leaks to start coming out. The intel community seem to be losing faith in the system and the process.
$C: I just spit my fuckin water.
$C: Rinse Penis.
$C: Trump still has Lather and Repeat Priebus.
$C: Make it a 200 person firing squad.  Auction off all 200 of those firing squad positions.  You would earn some serious coin!
$C: Sign me up
$C: If we average it then it's a yes in capital punishment. That's how federal law works right? /s
$C: That’s too quick of a way out for this fuck, hang him poorly so it takes a few hours
$C: What's the most painful legal way to execute someone? Electric chair?
$C: Hard to find clothes that fit that ego of his. 
$C: broke out the dictionary definition. i approve
$C: Nice.
$C: I mean, after this kerfuffle, I’d even go so far as to label him a ne’er-do-well. 
$C: "Shut up you adorable little ragamuffin"
$C: False 


$C: Let's be honest, in his case it's just **TREA$ON**.
$C: 45 as in Trump is the 45th President
$C: Ooooohhhhhh edgy.

I wish I was a member of senpai’s incredibly high intellect and useful gene pool. The minimum wage artists and socialists making up that gene pool are truly the pinnacle of progress.

Jk. You’re a fucking idiot and you’ve lost every major election since 2012.
$C: Hasn't FOX News been condemning Trumps actions in the past week or so? I'm not an American so I'm not super updated but I had heard that the past week has been so bad that even FOX kind of turned on him.
$C: It should be a crime to brazenly lie about events while presenting as news the way Hannity does it.  

I've caught his shows since the Putin meeting, and if I took a shot every time he lied or grossly misrepresented something I would have died the first night.  
$C: Wait.. so we're now shunning people who lean opposite us politically even though those individuals might still despise Trump and be appalled by corruption? I just want to make sure I got this right. 
$C: It's not like Dems can do anything right now though.
$C: I am
$C: Honestly, it's time to go a-marchin bois.
$C: It's too late for them to learn anything. If this still isn't enough for them then they are just as complicit. The Republican party needs to go.
$C: For the Times to include the fact that there was a human source leads me to believe that the source is no longer in place. 

Hopefully whoever was running the asset in CIA had an airtight BIGOT list in place that kept details of the source protected from anyone connected to Trump including DCIA Pompeo
$C: Nah, as others have clarified, Obama got the intel but it was separate from the daily brief, so he had it too. 

Remember too that Mitch McConnell said he wouldn't be a part of any bipartisan statement from Obama and the gang of eight about the hacking. He said if they released anything he'd rally the GOP and say it's a political ploy. 
$C: It's like you didn't even read the article. Obama was informed of this sorce, it just wasn't included in the PDB. It was relayed to him in a more secure manor. Nice try to deflect though. 
$C: Obama and Trump were both told, the name was just kept out of the written PDB.
$C: It wouldn't be which is why revolution in the sense most people are calling for would be disastrous.
$C: Hindsight is always 20/20. But the constitution was also meant to be updated, and it’s hard to foresee this level of corruption 230 years into the future. 
$C: don't you have the 2nd Amendment for that?
$C: You have to remember the exectutive branch was much less powerful then it is today, how can you predict half of the elected officials could work against the best interest of the country.

At some point you have to have a semi sane populous for any political system to work. If half the country is your Uncle Joe any country is going to fall apart.
$C: This is something every clear-headed, thinking person knew on November 9, 2016, if not earlier.
$C: Finally, I've been saying the US needs a parliament for years.
$C: It's easier to get into a position of power if one has no scruples.
$C: Well, we did vote. That didn't seem to help. Trying again November though. 
$C: you kidding, riots? a Revolution should be on the rise, it’s a treason, the head of state and most of the Congress is working for another country, The US population should already be marching toward DC 
$C: So far it's the only way that has been tested. I'm not sure but I think I've heard that there are legal opinions that support the indictment (a court of law trial) of a sitting president but they've never been tested. In the US we've only had one President that has actually been impeached and went through the entire process. That was Andrew Johnson like 150 years ago so we're in uncharted waters. 
$C: I think if we can have a wide spread day of protest in major cities it could be possible to make an impact. Right now there are growing protests, namely one right outside the whitehouse, that happen at night after work. But even suspended campaigns on social media can help and would increase chances of more protests
$C: That wont stop a rigged election though... what-so-ever, it will just create more of a divide between candidates.
$C: You just gave the definition for Trump Derangement Syndrome though... funny that.

It's amazing how many Liberals are really not Liberals once you start to ask serious questions... Like defining words like "Trumpism"... and once they question the Democratic "platform" they are trying to protect, I can understand why organic movements like #WalkAway are so powerful and important.
$C: So, no definition at all? So just another Lefty trying to spout Anti-Trump talking points and creating terrible buzzwords that have no basis in reality. #resistance
$C: Pro gun is important to me and played a considerate roll in how I voted. I'm not against voting democrat, but I would hate to see my state end up like California. Both sides have extremists, just keep that in mind. 
$C: Most are waiting for the proper channels to fail before going to that. Perhaps we should rise up in protest now, but sometimes it takes a bullhorn to wake people up.

Here you go:

https://act.moveon.org/event/mueller-firing-rapid-response-events/search/

$C: I'm free after next week if that helps. if this goes on too long we're going to have an American gwangju by the time people do get mad enough.
$C: Now if only the world actually worked so simply.
$C: All the other signs pointing to him colluding with Russia, probably.

There are *a lot* of them.

Here's something to get you started!

/r/RussiaLago 

:-)
$C: Yeah, but complacent implies they just let it happen rather than actively helped it along.
$C: He'll throw his kids under the bus long I'm pretty sure. There is enough evidence out there that alludes to Donny Jnr. lying to the FBI over the nature of meetings, how many occurred and those involved.

My fear is that the use of the Presidential pardon will completely tear the country apart. The man is a con, he'll do anything to save his own arse.
$C: I don't believe they're Russians, or bots, or anything like that. I think they're actual people who are too ignorant and set in their own beliefs to comprehend factual information that proves what they believe is bullshit. It's disgusting. What's more disturbing is that these are the kinds of people in power.
$C: Just tried to find it but its nowhere to be seen, I can't remember if it was on worldnews or not. I remember seeing it sat at 47 I swear, if not I guess I need to seek help to get rid of those voices.
$C: Lots of people ignore lots of stuff.

Personally, I wish and hope for everyone to care deeply about their countries politics and governments. (Those that are able to, at least)

Regardless if that is or will ever be the case, I’m certain that enough of the *right* people care and work everyday to protect free and open democracy in the West; which is currently under a brutal attack, according to scholars. 

Turn on CBSN, fair and mainly non-partisan (slightly center-left), and you will see a litany of professional intellectuals who discuss the issues in a way that doesn’t compare to Fox/CNN/MSNBC/~~InfoWars/Breibart~~.

Lots of people do actually care, and make it part of their everyday lives, because they realized long ago that politics are much more important to watch than reality-TV;the scourge of modern-America. 

It’s strange to me how much people know about athletes and actors, but nothing about the people making the rules for our lives. People need to get more involved, imo. Civics 101 is a great podcast to learn a ton of useful and current info that applies to American’s lives, and in reality, the whole world (well... not sure how much longer that will last).

Sorry for the rant. 
$C: Less than half.
$C: Like it or not, we’re all in on this ride together my friend. 
$C: Unfortunately every person that didnt even though they could vote essentially enabled him. So that added to those who voted for him thats weeeell over half of americans population with rights to vote
$C: In a way, trump may just go down as the worst and best president of all time, by opening our nation's eyes to the flaws in our system, but knowing how shit goes down, next election cycle, it will be the same old pony show and shit will just carry on the way it did before trump.
$C: [deleted]
$C: > I'll believe it when I see it. 

What’s “it?”
$C: It made to the frontpage then it was removed from there. Reddit is funded by someone related to trump. Forgot his name. They usually try to remove anti trump stuff from frontpage.

EDIT : This guy/company is an investor of Reddit.

They are close to the Trump family and they support them. If reddit bans T_D, then they probably would face backlash from the investors.

https://www.businessinsider.in/Jared-Kushners-brother-is-breaking-his-political-silence-following-Trumps-election-heres-everything-we-know-about-the-millionaire-entrepreneur-whos-dating-model-Karlie-Kloss/articleshow/63471192.cms


$C: From a platform so conservative and right leaning, you’d think they’d jump at the chance to defend this if they could.

Why didn’t they? Cause they can’t 
$C: get back inside The_Dumpster, trash
$C: CNN, other than you cultist fox entertainment, has quality standards in place. They are not perfect, but they have integrity, as in not posting an alternative reality gospel.

Politcs news accepts articles from every outlet, with the difference that bullshit is mostly downvoted. 

You are right that it is a confirmation bubble *in a way*. Since conservatives picked up and left, because they couldnt win an argument. 

There is a glaring difference though. In politics and worldnews, you have controversy, discussion, and as long as your not a racist dickhead you can have your own opinion. On T_D critical thinking is banned.

Its mostly dems in /r/politics , yes, but neutrals aswell and foreigners like myself. World news has everybody in it reading the news. So if you just try reversing things its a cultist saying "the rest of the world is in a cult, we are the sane ones"
$C: lol - you people can only get off with hillary clinton, can you.

I am neither a democrat nor an american, so I am in the position to say from the outside: You r a braindead propaganda victim, following your masters to your own impoverishment. They are using you, and you dont even see it.

I am not neutral in this because as a german, I know a fascist when I see one.
$C: I didnt.
$C: Honestly, as a democrat, I can’t believe we let Clinton win the primaries. Many still support her and defend her whenever people say we shouldn’t have elected her. Those democrats are no better than the republicans that refuse to denounce Trump.
$C: And yet somehow not the worst in her own election...
$C: [removed]
$C: Yeah bro we all benefited from the Russian government meddling in our elections. /s
$C: So I guess then thank Russia for looking out for the best interests of the USA.  No reason why they would benefit from having the USA elect a _________ as president.
$C: Bleep bloop someone please restart this poster, he appears to be malfunctioning
$C: Because you didn’t respond 
$C: Law enforcement wouldn’t make it past secret service. “Kushner technique”. 
$C: You really have no idea what’s goin on.
$C: Yep. Why do poor people think they can just exist without paying? 
$C: He had the info 2 months after election. That’s why it’s a big deal. If this information is coming out right now, this means something is gonna drop soon. It’s been hidden for 18 months and it drops now, somebody in trouble just dropped the ball on something I bet. We will see though 
$C: Shhh, troll. ;)
$C: They're the Devil's children!
$C: https://www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/2lel5s/tsm_bjergsen_ama/clu14fx/
$C: Exactly the answer I figured to get. None. Thanks for making my point. 
$C: Yeah like I said it really boils down to trust in the end. Do I trust that a New York Times journalist will not make up stories, for any reason, given the status of the paper and the corresponding professional consequences of reporting falsehoods? Yeah, in general I do. Do I trust that the New York Times fact checks its stories before running them in case a reporter makes a mistake? I do. 
$C: I'm willing to accept it may be a blue wave, but only on one condition.

If the dems lose bigly in the midterms, you need to get them to stop trying to blame others, and instead work to try and convince them to realign their message. If they want to win back the American public, they need to stop putting the carriage before the horse. They're public servants meant to serve the interests of the public, not public influencers. They need to come up with a coherent message that informs the voting public about what they're for, rather than what they're against. They need to take problems average citizens have, and explain how *they'd* work to fix them.

I will not be voting for dems in this election because they appear to have no message or plan that I want to be a part of. 
$C: That's pretty sad actually
$C: Since when is 7 pm Pacific to 10 pm Eastern "off peak time"?
$C: Reddit is full of bots now. All kinds, from many paying organizations who want to get their shit to the top. 
$C: >  sounds 

Key word.
$C: Hahaha. Priceless.
$C: You act as if it’s a meaningful benefit. $400k is a drop in the bucket compared to Hillary’s $1.4B mega campaign.
$C: Serious question: How is that any different from illegal immigrants voting, or people from other countries spreading propaganda on Reddit?

I agree it's undesirable, but they only spent like $400k on all of their propaganda, which compared to the DNC's propaganda machine is like an ant vs an anteater. 
$C: Having better relations =\= being owned.


$C: Are you one of those that want open borders, but want to stop every non-US citizen from posting on the internet so that your precious election isn't informed by actual information? Get out of here!

US meddles in every single election. All countries do. You've just got this Russia-disease. You lost, just deal with it. It's not the best, but it is democracy.
$C: Semantics. Trump is a subject of the investigation rather than a target. The alleged obstruction of justice is absolutely being investigated.
$C: It sounds to me like you're either woefully misinformed about what is actually happening here or you're intentionally misrepresenting the facts.

A number of our electoral systems were compromised, not just the DNC server, not just Podesta's emails. It is fact that Russia interfered with our election in a number of ways. It is fact that President-Elect Trump was briefed on Putin's role in the attack. And it is a fact that Trump has repeatedly lied about this to the American people, attempted to cast doubt on the findings of our intelligence agencies, and has attempted to obstruct the investigation into Russia's actions multiple times. This is about American sovereignty and the sanctity of our democracy.
$C: I wanted to emphasise that the most important thing for them is to sow division in every way possible. As for why the source is important as well as the content. If anybody has done anything unlawful, ofc its important to investigate, no matter where the info is from, but we need to keep in mind the intent of the source.

And yeah, the points you mention are important too. I dont agree that the EU accomplishes what you mention. The EU has its flaws but it doesnt opress the little states. In some states, there is dissent after changes in goverment, true, but the EU contracts are no tool for opression. And in no case is it true that the US should be opposed to the EU. See the Atlanticism mentioned in the article: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atlanticism

Its important that we stick together, because its much harder to topple our way of life if we do.

And regarding why nobody talks about it: analysts, strategists and intelectuals are already talking about it, while the public discourse is cought up in immigration and scandals. There *are* articles about this topic, but the news-overload and the diffamations of good journalism by the president and the Murdoch-empire makes the topic drown.

$C: The Pentagon Papers did not interfere with an on going investigation.
$C: [removed]
$C: I dont belong to either side and I dont see this as one side being the only corruption.

Edit: Damn, could I have fucked this up more? 2nd try at my native tongue: Both sides are corrupted. Me no likey
$C: That level of apathy is to a ton of compounding factors. Manufactured outrage by each party, false directives that mislead the general populace, news media that focuses on the grim, outrageous poverty issues, astonishingly bad access to healthcare, etc. Literally every aspect of life in America has someone trying to take advantage of you in some way and people in this country are worn down.
$C: isn't this exactly what Gerald Ford did though?
$C: Implying
$C: [deleted]
$C: And we all get to suffer the consequences.  That is the thing about being a nation, if the idiots vote en masse for the same person, we elect what the idiots were tricked into wanting.
$C: But in this case it turned out the facts are true, and the problem these warmongers are having is that it was spread. 
$C: Yeah, but selective outrage is more fun. 
$C: I remember this, my take away from this election is almost on par with southpark's. The american voter was presented with a turd ferguson and a shit sandwhich. 
$C: A bit frightening as well. I thought the historical revisionism was the least realistic part on '1984', but damn, I guess I was way off the mark and overestimated the abilities of my fellow countrymen to act rationally. 
$C: Sorry, but if anything the media downplays the threat of MS-13. 

But they've been pushing this Russia shit for close to 2 years now while soaking up the clicks by desperate, easily manipulated people. 
$C: Yes they play both sides. But they had a clear favorite for Trump. And we can see why with the performance Trump has given. Trump is touting Russian talking points and harming our relationship with our allies.
$C: Did you read anything I wrote? The polls were right. Hillary won the popular vote by a wide margin. Trump barley scraped by in a few counties in 3 states that flipped the electoral college. And yes our media is partly to blame because they ran the stories, the gave Trump air time. 

It wasn't a couple Facebook ads. It was a massive disinformation campaign that spread across ALL social media. They set up fake websites and shared local stories to get people to trust them as a source. This was widespread. You are completely misinformed about this entire issue and I urge you to do A LOT more reading. 

Should let them control the US? A despotic tyrant co trolling the US? A tyrant who kills his political opponents and locks up dissidents? This is the shit our country rebelled against. They are doing a good job of hitting us with a misinformation campaign and that's it. The Russian economy is weak, their military is weak, their civil rights are weak, their freedoms are weak. They are a corrupt nation to the core and they will never control this nation as long as I and other Patriots fight against them.
$C: My point exactly. With any luck, the dems will trot her out again in 2020.
$C: Nobody rational. But the sheep thought she was unbeatable.
$C: Sucks to be you
$C: https://www.nytimes.com/2018/07/18/world/europe/trump-intelligence-russian-election-meddling-.html?hp&action=click&pgtype=Homepage&clickSource=story-heading&module=a-lede-package-region&region=top-news&WT.nav=top-news
$C: I'm curious what you think about these emails between Donald Trump Jr, and a person who claims to have connections to the Russian government.

https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/07/11/us/politics/donald-trump-jr-email-text.html
$C: Thank you! Before I get down-voted into oblivion...
$C: Yes. Yes it was.
$C: And when he shoots someone in the street you guys are going to make excuses and keep saying what a great president he is. Nothing will ever change your minds about him, including clear evidence that he's doing a terrible job and almost certainly won't last one full term. 
$C: Ok - so that's not illegal, nor is it an impeachable offense, nor was that the President's choosing - that was congress if you're referring to what I assume you're referring to. 

So, try again.
$C: [deleted]
$C: No they don’t. 
$C: You're asking the opinion of someone who will give you a bad faith response. You know you won't get an honest answer. These people are fucking delusional because spite tastes good.
$C: Let me clarify. I said, “It looks like just one more, an actual one.” Then you people shit your pants and I laughed at every single one of you. Crystal?
$C: If POTUS should as much as have a wet fart they would shout “Got’em!” 
$C: Killary should look into Facebook ads. 
$C: They probably can't tell you the answer.  When someone's a giant asshole, they have trouble figuring out where one hole begins and another ends, thus making an accurate measurement impossible.
$C: Hold on to your hat, friendo. We got 6 more years of this. 
$C: Well if he actually did that, it might be a reason. Assuming that lying refers to actual malicious lying and not just adhering to classified material protocols. 

Too bad people just cry wolf constantly. One day, y'all might actually stumble on something, and no one will believe.
$C: yeah Russia compromised us so that we could have a strong booming economy, strong border security, increased military spending, better world wide trade deals and America first attitude. 

Got us good!!!
$C: Once you realize what a joke everything is, shitposting is the only thing that makes sense. 
$C: [removed]
$C: Awe shucks. You think my reply was witty? Thanks firendo. ❤️
$C: A credible source proving a violation of the emoluments clause?
$C: I'm that good. 
$C: CALL MUELLER! Tell him the probe is over. u/EAJ97 has called it. It’s treason. You can rest easy now friendo. 
$C: Dude wtf are you even talking about it? Get some sleep. 
$C: And yet you took your time to write this standard comment. Makes you seem kinda triggered too.
$C: Nice.
$C: Man you just refuse to accept it don’t you?  I genuinely feel sorry for you.
$C: As you said, corrupt hacks all the  way to the top. Including your cult leader 
$C: There’s no evidence? Do you work for the FBI? Are you on the case? Do you have access to info that the rest of us don’t? No? So you don’t know whether there is evidence or not, do you? The way you morons try to state your opinion as fact constantly is hilarious. 
$C: Trump could easily be impeached on OoJ charges alone. 
$C: Ignores piles of evidence pointing towards one thing while indulging in a conspiracy theory that literally has no evidence whatsoever.  Do you by chance also believe vaccines also cause autism?
$C: I’m sorry you’re so brainwashed.
$C: At this point collusion would be the cherry on top. 

Trump's been so all over the place with this Russia business it's been fascinating to watch you guys spin everything like it's been your stance the whole time.

Seriously, though, collusion would almost be better because at least then trump would have some legitimacy as a bad ass traitor, instead it seems like he wasn't invited to the party but is still sucking up to the guy who left him out. You just keep on trucking, I'm sure he'll make you proud. 

$C: "Without debate, without criticism no administration and no country can succeed and no republic can survive".

John F. Kennedy

It is important for us to stop idolizing leaders and picking specific sides without budging. You are an example of how the American people are faltering in keeping the country free and prosperous.

This is not about liberal tears, nor is it about right wing tears and salt. This not about left or right wing views. This is about The United States of America. The land of the free. The leader of the free world. 

Let's begin critiquing our leaders we approve of. While continuing to support them. However, never stop critizing the leaders. Complacency and lack of taking responsibility should never be a trait that we tolerate as the people and as countrymen. 

Let this all too cliche yet underappreciated quote resonate with you. I hope this gives you some clarity about the current politic state in America and how we can change that. 

"And so, my fellow Americans, ask not what your country can do for you -- ask what you can do for your country". 

John F. Kennedy.
$C: Ok great, it doesn’t fit the legal definition of collusion. But he was told by our intelligence sources yet continued to not only deny it publicly but personally. He aided in the cover up. 

This says to me and anyone else with a fucking brain that trump has and will side with a foreign enemy over the best interest of the United States, it’s people and the constitution he swore to protect. So what do you legally call that? 

Enemy of the state? 
$C: This comment did not age well lol
$C: [removed]
$C: If you for one minute think that Obama didn't see the same thing before Trump did, you are very naive and willfully ignorant.

There is no way a President-Elect gets intelligence before the sitting POTUS does, especially when it is obvious there was so much interest that Obama has commented on it.  
$C: the person you are replying to is the kind that would implode had obama dropped this info just before the elections. then turns around and tries to use that as an excuse to defend president trump. the shamelessness from this bunch is so palpable only a few people like you bother to engage this kind of crazy. oh and don't call them names, cause that's the only thing needed to make president trump win again.
$C: >Obama specifically said he didn't want to sway the votes by releasing the info.

LMAO. Well then, good intentions absolve him of not acting on reliable intelligence, of course. It's not like he only did it to avoid swaying votes the wrong way.
$C: I'm sorry, is your idea of helping to fix shit commenting on reddit with a democrat flavour instead of republican? Just making sure.
$C: “But the larger point I want to emphasize here is that there is no serious person out there who would suggest somehow that you could even rig America’s elections”

[Barack Obama, 3 weeks before Election 2016](https://youtu.be/y7F7eRM1oiU).
$C: This will be tough.  They didn't target actual voting machines or systems.  At best, all we can get them on is facebook ads, and that isn't illegal.


$C: Good thing the evidence is damming.
$C: Didn't interfere in the election.
$C: Patriots you mean? They've put the country back on the right path after the 8 years of hell we endured. 
$C: Brits, this was their plan all along ever since you guys dumped their tea in the river.
$C: Pissing off liberal crybabies and limp wristed beta males. Obviously.
$C: Just an uneducated whelp, fooled into voting against his own interests.
$C: [deleted]
$C: i dare you to give me the data that

1. isn't deeply stepped in the idea that "undoing progress" counts as doing a bad job.

2. states the contrary.
$C: not even funny tbh
$C:  #walkaway

$C: Yea but he said he’s not a murderer 
$C: And then actively pretend that none of that ever happened?
$C: Is lying to protect Top Secret classified information justified? 
$C: The article claims he was made aware of it after the election, therefore, after the fact.

Everything else is just speculation. Don't buy into all the hysteria. 
$C: For a guy who is so self conscious of public image, having to give credit to Russia for his election win would be devastating. 

The man lied about how many people came to his inauguration, the last thing he wants is to give credit for his win to anyone else.
$C: You can literally read the trump tweets and listen to his speeches this week where he said he's taking putin's word over our conclusive intelligence investigation. You're all traitors if you're on his wagon still.
$C: I've noticed the same. I used to be able to have good, civil conversations with NNs there. But in the past month or so, the saner ones seem to have evaporated and all that's left are obvious trolls and alt-right loons.
$C: It's what some trump supporters call themselves.

Quite humble, huh?
$C: The mods actually made a new policy to keep the comment if that happens again!
$C: How so? They have a perfectly valid reason to remove his comment. The sub is r/AskTrumpSupporters, not /r/askpeoplethatdontsupporttrump, and he's not a supporter anymore.
$C: The absolute state of republicans in the US right now:

https://twitter.com/JordanUhl/status/1018876214554058755
$C: Persionally I just like to call them the National Communist Party.
$C: Wtf are you living in the 1960s? Should we start some mcarthy trials just to be sure no one's a Russian agent? Get fucking real, it's been two years, it's long past time to wake up and realize your own party screwed you over and lost the election fair and square. 

Like, do you think Russia is the only foreign power that gave a shit and tried to interfere with the election? Really? Saudi Arabia and qutar had NOTHING to gain from a Hillary presidency, so they just sat on the sidelines and watched. Right? Right? Of course not. Global politics is complicated, and every country plays the game. Grow the fuck up. 
$C: That's naive.
$C: The social media propaganda was one element of their mass manipulation, but I don't know that it was the "main form," as you put it. I do believe that their undermining of Western democracy is still happening today, yes.

Since it's clear as day that your questions are meant to elicit answers that you already have pre-packaged rebuttals for, I'll wait for you to tell me how stupid I am now.

Edit: LOL, I can take one look at your comment history and tell that you're about to argue that the propaganda was aimed at both sides, so I'm "falling for it" by playing into social media divisions sewn by the GRU.
$C: If you want to say crazy shit like this on here, you have to cite yourself, buddy.
$C: I can't say there was a single turning point when I was like "fuck this guy". I had turned a blind eye to a lot of his fuckery.


 I did this because 


1. It seems that news outlets would report on anything no matter how small. Trump has a weak handshake, oh look, CNN has an article about it.  He dumps fish food into a lake EXACTLY like Abe did but CNN tried to spin it as him being careless and crass. 


2.  The hate for trump made me ignore serious concerns. This one is definitly my fault for the disconnect but I lumped anti-trump people together. So when SNL hosts called his son autistic or artwork of him being beheaded was shown it's very powerful and made me think it's "us vs them". 

   I ignored any anti-trump messages because I dismissed them all as being from a hateful camp.  

  Partially my fault, partially the left's fault. Being extremely hateful just stiffens the other sides resolves and makes them less likely to hear you. 


3.  He seemed to be doing a "good job". The left never conceded anything but to me it seemed like he attempted to make good on some of his campaign promises. 

   I could ignore his personal scandals because he was making a trip to see Kim Jong Un. 

   He was cracking down on immigration and sanctuary cities ( before the news came out about separation of children).

 Unemployment was reported to be low. He was doing things that seemed to be protecting the American producer. 


4. Plain old cognitive dissonance. I'd read some of his tweets in disbelief and think to myself, there's no way in hell he's writing these. I just didn't bother wrapping my head around some of it because it was too batshit crazy and I felt bad that I elected that. 


The turnaround 

   I started to come around when I saw that no matter what happened we Americans were becoming more divided. Especially after the Helsinki conference. 

   CNN and other sites talking about his royal fuckup, meanwhile FOX news salvaging scraps of good news while having most of the article as fluff being about "the left media" coverring him as negatively as possible. 

I simply am fed up of the cognative dissonance and seeing Americans get divided. 

I think despite ideological differences American need to pause and think thst Russia is winning when we are fighing. 

All ideological camps need to come together as Americans and either put differences aside or civilly talk it out. 


Tldr: seeing Russia successfully create so much infighting made me change 

Edit: spelling and a note 

P.S. yes I'm genuine about this. I could elaborate on other things so I'll leave a stub. I am a young Caucasian male who lives in a region where I am a minority. 

 I feel like society dislikes me and is against me. Voting Trump was a way to stuck it to mainstream society. However it seems like I shot myself in the foot.  

Dislike me for it or talk to me about it. Im done defending Trump and just care about getting or country in our own hands again.
$C: Of course. Do you expect tensions to lower at all? Nothing good can come of this, and sides will continue to move farther to the extreme.
$C: lol. split the country?
Where were you when Trump supporters were being assaulted, spit on, cussed at, ripped out of their cars and beat, harassed, and doxxed? The left showed their ass in 2016. Flag burning left-wing fascists who act like they hate capitalism but have basked in the abundance of it daily since day 1... and half of Trump's supporters are 'deplorables'? It's obvious who is responsible for (D)ivision in the U.S.

Trump hasn't been compromised. There is no pee porn watersport video starring Donald Trump and there is no similar Stormy Daniels video either. There is no damning information on Trump that Putin has to pressure him into doing his scary Russian bidding.


Every recent president has had closed door meetings with Putin. Every election had foreign influence. It's only news during this administration because of media double standards.

Democrat voters have been taken for fools for too long for being expected to toe the party line. We are split, but not in the middle ;)

see ya in 2020.
$C: > You believe the elections are hacked 

When did I say that? So no comment on trump acting like a baby back bitch next to Putin the other day?
$C: Election is over, no one cares. The issue is what it means. No reasonable person would expect you to go back in time and flip the results or something retarded like that. He knew Russia did something. He said Russia did not do something. Thats the only reason this thread is here. Its just another of thousands of examples of Trump lying and people, for some reason, not caring. At least more intelligent people don't get caught in their lies. 
$C: Aww come on buddy use your words. 
$C: again i'm not a trump supporter by any means, going to work now so cant adress what you said, I just dont think it has been proven that trump is controlled by russia, sure there is some evidence but most conspiracies theories have some evidence too, i'm waiting for proof or mueller to indict him to think that he is controlled by russia, as of now it remains unproven and a conspiracy theory
$C: > I guess Christopher Steele is just a huge liar

Uhm... Yeah, it's been *** proven that was all just made up lies :D Pissing in beds, come on? Even you must find that ridiculous.

I'm just glad I'm not a Russian, because I also posted on Facebook that Trump isn't that bad, and I don't wanna be a Russian spy.

> Yes, if you believe that the Republican party hasn't aided from Russian interference and that Trump, to some extent, is now and has aided from that relationship, you are indeed a fool.

Well, no one said that. Everything plays it's role. But it's not some advanced spy game conspiracy. Of course they don't want Hillary, she's a warmonger. Listen, just don't cheat and use "my vag" as your political platform and you will beat Trump any day, with out without Russia.
$C: Stop pretending like things are equal.  If you support Trump at this point, you're not looking at the issues.  You don't care about the issues.  It was never about the issues.
$C: >  Look at the issues and how the candidates respond to those

I'm looking at the issue and all I see is that Republicans constantly vote against America, against all reason and in favour of the traitor in chief. Do I have your permission to vote Democrat now?
$C: Partisan allegiance is the only rational answer when one party is top-to-bottom actively complicit in the dismantling of American democracy, thanks.

This goes way beyond policy. This has landed in “Trump can get away with literally *anything* as long as Republicans, terrified of their base, remain in power.”
$C: In a normal election, in the normal course of politics, this is true; however, we are not living in normal circumstances. The Republican parties insistence on protecting their party is now putting the very institutions of our democracy in danger. This isn’t a difference of opinion on how much money we should budget for welfare; this is unprecedented subterfuge into our government and elections that every American should stand against—even if that means a little temporary embarrassment to their preferred political party. The health of government and the nation depends on people’s faith and certainty in our elections and to lose it would have grave consequences for every American and every generation of American after. The tyranny that all patriots fear doesn’t come in the form of jackbooted soldiers but manipulated elections. 
$C: And I would caution anybody reading to listen to *this* comment. 

If you vote for a Republican, regardless of their views, you are supporting Donald Trump's agenda.  They *will* vote for whatever proposals he makes and will support him regardless of what crimes he commits.  If you place *any* value in the concept of checks and balances, voting Democrat down-ballot is the only option.  To do otherwise *is* partisan.  You're essentially saying you're fine with Republicans controlling everything and they've *proven* they are unwilling to stand up to Trump.  

In a regular presidency, choosing a candidate on individual merit is great.  But this is not a regular presidency, and the candidates choosing to run as a Republican in 2018 should tell you all you need to know about what their values are.  

[Both parties are not the same.](https://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/6pc5qu/democrats_propose_rules_to_break_up_broadband/dkon8t4/)

And just to clarify - if you support Trump, then there is similarly no reason not to vote for every Republican running.  If Democrats win, then I can't imagine a universe where they don't push for impeachment.  Even if they don't have the numbers to do that, they will not work with Trump.  He's made no attempts to be conciliatory and work with them.  
$C: And I'd caution anyone who think's such a comment as yours is wisdom to look at the actual situation and see if words like "cult" are justified. 
$C: It’s honestly very simple.

The Cult of Trump believes that [all these lies are true](http://www.politifact.com/personalities/donald-trump/), just “telling it like it is,” and that anyone who points out the facts that they are not actually true is “biased fake news deep state,” which is their version of Scientologists’ “entheta.”

The Cult of Trump believes you can simultaneously say “there was no Russian meddling” and also “the Russian meddling was Obama’s fault” with zero cognitive dissonance. This is boilerplate doublethink.

[90% of Republicans support Trump.](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.bbc.com/news/amp/world-us-canada-44324545)
$C: >what is his cult

Here, read this

https://www.cbc.ca/news/world/trump-putin-us-maryland-essex-dundalk-edgemere-1.4751215

Over the past two years we’ve all watched Trump
Say and do horrible things. And during all this time his supporters have never wavered. Even IF you can get them to admit that they don’t approve of something he did, they’ll say “but I still support him” but most of the time they wont even admit that anything is wrong. Every time Trump commits some new fuck up journalists will go out to some po-dunk town and find a handful of people to interview. The results are always filled with mental gymnastics about how the media is lying and whatever Trump is doing is actually good. 

Yes I understand that might not fit the definition of the word “cult” but it’s pretty damn close. 
$C: >Can you back this up? What does this mean? What is his cult?

I can!

https://news.gallup.com/poll/203198/presidential-approval-ratings-donald-trump.aspx

According to this Gallup poll, as of of the week of July 9, 90% of Republicans approve of Trump.

As far as what his cult is, it's fairly obvious.  You're probably thinking of "cult" in terms of masked Cthulhu orgies or the awesome [Living Colour song](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7xxgRUyzgs0).  He's using it more in terms of a [cult of personality](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cult_of_personality).  Donald Trump's approval ratings are higher than that of his actual party and that of *both* chambers of congress as a whole.  This leads to a situation where no one from that party can criticize him or risk losing re-election, and so Trump has essentially *become* the party.  The entire apparatus of the government is centered around disseminating his propaganda and creating this image that his presidency is successful and groundbreaking.  The people who support Trump at this point are doing it out of idolization for the man himself, and they will excuse any instance of him lying, breaking his promises, doing something nonsensical, or actively hurting the country and its people.  Their love for him at this point has nothing to do with policy, facts, or politics.  Somehow they've convinced himself that this billionaire trust-fund kid who spent decades *making fun of them* somehow represents the small guy, and his electoral victory has validated their hatred for everything intellectual or elite.
$C: Agreed. If you just look at what Trump says and what policy is put out, clearly the elected Republicans don’t give a *single shit* about what Trump says/wants. The reason Trump was elected was because a large number of Republicans were ready for a president that could retaliate to what had been done by Obama.
$C: No delusion. Democrats criticize Democrats all the time. A huge number of Democrats currently running for office are doing so on the promise to not support Pelosi as Speaker, for instance. And when Democratic leaders stand up and tell outrageous lies, we don’t shriek “FAAAAKE NEEEEWWSSS,” throw incoherent Twitter tantrums, invent ludicrous conspiracies, and then double down on support for dictators over Americans and treat the American people with giggling contempt that they’ll believe the most transparently stupid walk-back-takesie-backsies. Fuck your both-sides-ism. When Bernie Sanders (or hell, yes, even Hillary Clinton) tells a lie, I and most of their fans will say “well that’s shit, thsy should correct that.” When Trump tells ten thousand lies, his cult says “THE PEDO DEEP STATE LYING FAKE NEWS OBAMA HILLARY MAGA WITCH HUNT EMAILS” and blames the messenger for pointing out the facts. There is no goddamn comparison here.
$C: You can type in all the ironic caps you like, but the fact remains that [Donald Trump *is* a racist](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/8ytjna/lets_drop_the_euphemisms_donald_trump_is_a_racist/e2dpxag/).    And a *comfortable* portion of America felt fine voting for him anyway.  Here's a helpful tip for anyone perusing this thread: if you have to constantly go around insisting that you aren't racist, maybe you should stop doing or saying things that are racist.

And sure, maybe people are too eager in calling anything they dislike fascism (though trying to act as though this in unique to the left is blatantly dishonest), but [Trump *does* have a history of praising fascists](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/75pb5b/donald_trump_threatens_to_shut_down_nbc_and_other/do7uh6i/?context=3).  His presidency is defined by the dismantling of checks and balances through orchestrated attacks on the media ^^^^( ^^^only ^^^those ^^^that ^^^don't ^^^praise ^^^him, ^^^of ^^^course), hyper-nationalism, exorbitant military spending, demanding loyalty from both his subordinates and from people who don't actually work for him, using the entirety of the government as an apparatus to disseminate propaganda, constantly attacking minorities and immigrant groups based on statistics that turn out to be untrue, a corrupt administration that constantly loses people to resignations or prison, all the while bandying in fear-mongering and "other"ing.  I don't think Trump is a fascist.  But I certainly think he would *like* to be, and I don't see what's wrong with heavily criticizing him for it.  How else are you supposed to stop someone hurtling towards the wrong path?  You shame them until they reconsider. 
$C: Sure, but you don’t have to yell.
$C: Oh buddy. Take a break from the internet it'll do you a world of good. 
$C: Link to source of “fact” please!
$C: Hillary's issue wasn't that she was a woman.... 
$C: > Cops are randomly shooting citizens in the back and flipping coins to see whether or not they should be arrested

I'll repeat it again, because I think your brain used a biological response as a defense mechanism, and I have to break through to the real you to save you: 
*If everything around you looks good, but your brain tells you the world is on fire... Maybe you're the one on fire.*

$C: He hasn't said anything bad about him... but is that a bad thing? He also hasn't said anything bad about most leaders apart from ones that are clear human rights violators or other violators 

And I didnt say I was for trump
$C: Insulting someone while trying to prove a point doesn't work, saying Trump is a horrible person while acting like a horrible person makes you look crazy.
$C: See my previous comment, you guys are ridiculous
$C: [deleted]
$C: Trump is still your president.

There is no victory here for the left. I think it's you guys who need to go into a cave, then you might stop hyperventilating about Trump for more than 5 mins. 
$C: Butwhatabouthillary?
$C: Seems to be working well so far. Trump supporters are really changing their minds in droves. 
$C: That’s like saying the only way to only way to get Putin back is to start a dictatorship and sway the results of they’re election. It’s ridic and it’s stooping to their level. Plus, you’re taking the vocal minority and assuming it’s the whole population. There’s nobody ever that you’ll convince of anything by insulting and shaming them, and trying to do so is just childish
$C: I am just glad we have a moral arbiter like you around to do it.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Except that he’s doing everything I hoped he would do and more. And I’m paying a lot less in taxes. You guys are just salty, bitter, sore losers and it’s hilarious.
$C: of course he doesn't. He's probably some dumb fucking brony who only cares that the team he's on is winning and the team he's against is losing. People who support Trump are prideful, utterly ignorant, half-breeds with no regard for any real issues.
$C: Didn't seem to bother Obama's supporters when he treated Middle-Eastern countries who hate America better than its allies. Out of hundreds of countries, Obama's first phone call in office to a foreign leader was to the Palestinian Authority's leader. Yet Obama's supporters didn't bat an eye. Why the double standard?
$C: [deleted]
$C: I could say the same about you and your kind. Go post some anti-Trump propaganda on one of these oh so impartial subs lul. MAGA2020 The winning will continue.
$C: Ignoring all the outrage for a moment - the country seems to be doing Ok. 
$C: If Trump did the things Sandusky did, they would still stand behind him with the argument “no ones perfect. He’s still a patriot and a good Christian man”. At this point those morons are showing they’ll support anyone with an R next to their name no matter what. “As long as them damn librurls keep cryin! MAGA!” 
$C: That user has made like 30 comments on this thread alone, that's a worried little troll if I ever saw one. 
$C: Not if you watch fox news or info wars. Check some of those Ben Garrison cartoons to get some insight in their ridiculous views, especially the depiction of a fit Donald...
$C: What makes you think he’s being controlled by Russia? He literally bombed a Russian ally and made Russia look like a bitch. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: > The article does not mention collusion once. 

It's half the comments on this post.


>Trump received highly classified intel 2 years ago about Russian inteference.
>
>He has then spent two years lying about this.

WTF are you talking about? He's said multiple times they've interfered. You're just mad that he didn't yell at the guy in front of the cameras. Is diplomacy dead?

>Both sides could have sounded the alarm to the American people before the election to warn them to be alert to the information they were receiving and the people they were interacting with online.

They did. It's now a meme: Fake News.

>Why would they deny and actively work to prevent this information being made known to the American people so that they could be aware of what was happening in their country and the attack that was occurring on their democratic processes and institutions?

Attack occurring on our democratic processes? How many times does it need to be reiterated? Russia didn't hack the election! People voted. Hillary lost. Get over it.
$C: > the intelligence community is lying or giving him inaccurate information is laughable

Really? Did we ever find those weapons of mass destruction?
$C: No one gives a shit that Russia posts FB memes.
$C: What judgement? Did Trump say Russia didn't "interfere"?
$C: > he didn't take any action to protect the legitimacy of future elections

Can you explain this part further? I've seen people say this, but I'm not understanding what action people are expecting.

>launched a complex cyber attack

I think this is greatly exaggerated only because I'm not sure I've encountered the tainted material on social media. It's completely unmeasurable. As far as hacks, they're also saying there were other major players. Russia did hack, but they don't have the same confidence they were the ones that leaked it. They've been intentionally spreading ambiguity over which parts they're confident with their intelligence and other parts they're not. It's basically weapons of mass destruction all over again.

>trying to become closer to said foreign government

They're saying Russia might help with the denuclearization deal with North Korea. Something about two competitors sharing a common interest makes it easier to add a third. I'm not sure, but recently Christopher Wray said China is our biggest threat right now -- not Russia, despite having social media trolls on their payroll. If that's the case, I'd rather have Russia on our side than China's for balancing the world's three biggest powers. We might agree to disagree on that, but I think it's worth the risk to denuclearize North Korea.
$C: [removed]
$C: \- Gives top reasons.

\- "Here's plenty of downvotes to show why you're wrong"

Nah, I've played this game before.
$C: >Watch as you argue that everyone else is a bunch of snowflakes for acting their age.
>acting their age.

1. [Acting.](https://i.redd.it/9c4gg53o7t911.jpg)
2. [Their.](https://www.reddit.com/r/iamverybadass/comments/8yshnb/we_all_know_im_training_to_be_a_caged_fighter/)
3. [Age.](https://i.redd.it/eskubvvhkka11.jpg)
4. [LMFAO!!!!!](https://i.redd.it/v9a7purze6a11.jpg)

Says the guy who calls himself 'CorrectsTrumpsters' HAHAHA MY SIDES!!!
You sure showed me, pal!
$C: Followed by 0 response when people come at him
$C: Can I be in the screen shot?
$C: He has plenty of faults but he is still way better than the candidate he was up against.
$C: I guess i'll do it: Fuck russia I really don't like them. They probably did shell mainila
$C: People aren’t ok with it. But they are more afraid of the consequences if they speak out. We are not the “Land Of The Free” like we are supposed to be. 
$C: >  it never really felt like it influenced any electoral college representatives.

That’s oddly specific. You don’t think the millions of voters were influenced?
$C: It’s not forgotten. Trump won’t get re elected and I doubt that he’ll finish his term.
$C: 38, I think that's the highest I've ever seen.
$C: At this rate it will hit the top 150 all time reddit posts..... at 2am EST 
$C: That's what we're going to find out.... It's a crazy time to be an American.  
$C: In practice, I think we would benefit from the "no confidence" approach in many cases, but the argument for a solid 4 year term is the leader has some time to try to accomplish things that may not be initially popular but are good for the country in the long run. Favoring the European model, American politics have become hyper partisan, so being forced to coalition build among parties and maintain the coalition or risk losing the leadership role might actually keep that from getting too out of control. 
$C: > like it'll even matter.

What’s “it?”
$C: Russia did more than “sway.”
$C: why would u think it's a rhetorical trick? The article spells out that the source the US was working with that was "close to Putin" was so sensitive that they wouldn't print anything about it in the PDB (Presidential Daily Brief) which implies that the  information was for lack of a better term "above top secret" aka highly classified. Code word level classified as described in the link I posted.... 
$C: Some advertising post with a couple of hundred gilds, and I think some post about eating  a bull's dick was 400-ish.
$C: You're a fool.  Read the article.  They showed him hard proof two weeks before the inauguration and he has lied to the world ever since.  He let them in to the Oval Office without anyone else there.  He is liar and this is proof.
$C: Something tells me they don't live there
$C: I think most of the left thinks Hillary is not a saint. But I think most of the right thinks trump is a great president.
$C: Russia did hand trump the election. 
$C: You sound blasé about the whole thing. Are you completely apathetic? 

> That most people act like Russia handed Trump the election.

> Russia worked angles to insure Hillary didn't win, it's a slight but significant difference.

Trump and Russia worked **together**. Why aren’t you facing the truth?
$C: I’m sorry, I didn’t realize that everyone who graduates top of their class from an Ivy League institute is automatically a worthy candidate to lead an entire nation.


I never said she was a “bad candidate,” I said it’s a shame that the US couldn’t do better. You are just as opinionated as anyone else. 


Edit: In regard to the article, interviewing 1 agent who calls it “Trumpland” among 35,000 other employees isn’t adequate representation of the FBI. Your source also says that other agents disagreed. If it was the director of the FBI saying that stuff, then we might have some promising evidence. Of course it comes up when you google it, it’s highly controversial. 
$C: i’d heard about that election rigging stuff before the election, remember it lead Trump to say that “no puppet, no puppet, you’re the puppet” stuff
$C: Just because it was published tonight doesn't mean this story wasn't in the work for weeks or months. The various intelligence agencies probably told them to not release it due to national security concerns. Then they got the green light to release it due to the source being either confirmed dead or successfully evacuated coupled with the insane stuff trump has been doing. 
$C: Yeah don't buy into the manufactured outrage on Reddit. You can feel however you won't about Trump and his policies but Reddit doesn't reflect the real world. The media doesn't either, but especially Reddit is very far left as far as social media goes.
$C: That was only possible because the Italian army let them do it.  The US army won't let Americans do that.

The notion of the people storming the palace is mostly a fantasy.
$C: Oh well if *John Paul Stevens* wants it... nevermind I guess!

This conflating of calls for gun control with calls for 2a repeal is a very carefully placed, intentional narrative
$C: Again, nobody wants 2a repealed. You heard that on the media. People call for gun control following mass shootings. 
$C: No.  The strawman is the idea that big man Trump negotiates (ie. appeases) , or there is war, oh and crazy Hillary wanted war because she didnt want to appease.

The IC is not advocating war... they just show confidential evidence.

A metaphor.  Police find a murder suspect and they say they have evidence, but they won't release that evidence to the general public because many reasons (maybe there is another accomplice yet to be caught).  You are shouting "Ah we have not seen that evidence, so you can't shoot the suspect.  Therefore you need to let the suspect go".  But the police are not looking to shoot the suspect... they just want to bring the suspect to justice 
$C: You’re lying.
$C: [deleted]
$C: But how is his faith in the American intelligence community,  as an American,  a bad thing.  

Why would you trust the word of someone who blatantly lies constantly over people who's job it is to investigate to find the truth...?
$C: Not to the same degree as once they're elected; but yes, that's correct. 
$C: My logic is that the the artificial boosting didn't take into account what the most-upvoted-of-all time, and most-gilded-of-all-time metrics look like when padding the comment to make sure its seen.

There is intense motivation to make sure this one gets seen.

There is intense motivation to make sure the comments look just so.

There is a whole lot of people that have their thoughts downvoted out of sight.

By comparison Digg 2.0 looked natural.
$C: Hmm, good point. Here, I will show you a magic trick:

> All intelligence agencies say Trump is a good guy, and there have been no collusion or Russia interference, other than trying to stop him, but he beat them down.

Hey, look at what all intelligence agencies are saying! Look! It's right there! Phwew, finally we get the truth, eh? After all, it's right there on the internet.
$C: Nah, those were the ones Congress OVERWHELMINGLY voted to enact.

These are ones that were enforced already by the time Trump plopped his fat ass on the Oval Office Chair. Can't really stop those (He tried though, what with the Trump Tower Meetings about "Child Adoption")
$C: Lmao, they technically answered your question.  Trump supporters are just insane.
$C: The New York times is part of the mockingbird media and gets it's 4am talking points like all the rest. You think the New York times really cares about your well-being?
$C: Tbh I appreaciate this comment. Obviously, having done a lot of research, it is clear that Trump is guilty. My fellow Americans were subject to psychological warfare and ate it up. It’s hard not to resent them for it but we must all be united as we enter what seems to be a new, psychological Cold War.
$C: That's ok to disagree. I would say that there are better systems out there, sure, but when I look at countries in South America, Asia, and Africa you will find that the justice system in the USA is much more just. 
$C: Most of us free thinking Americans agree that trump is the worse thing to happen to the US as well. 
$C: Unfortunately the U.S. propaganda arm runs deep. Trump may  be a brash unrehearsed speaker but not an idiot imo and I'd rather be friends with Russia than adversaries. Fyi I didn't vote for him.
You should check this show out. http://www.noagendashow.com/
$C: Than why did you post here?
$C: Okay so smart phones, micro processors, MRI scans, the universities leading the way in fields like mechatronics, quantum computing, and pretty much everything else doesn’t matter because America is dum
$C: Bara för att du inte kan placera EU nicht auf einer Karte platzieren kannst, fées magiques qui ne peuvent pas avoir une opinion.

Eh blah blah blah shut up with your crap, you Brit
$C: Except for the fact that he lost the popular vote. Don't speak without knowing the facts. 
$C: You are incorrect
$C: How are those stabbings and acid attacks going?
$C: Fine if you’re into rape, murder, acid attacks, and crime. 
$C: [Can hardly wait to visit!](https://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/germany-bus-incident-latest-live-updates-lubeck-knife-attack-passengers-injured-a8456456.html)
$C: Whatever shall I do with my fragile ego, now that I have been so thoroughly shat upon?

Read: “meh...”
$C: It's ridiculous how easy it is to manipulate people into a caertain group think. These manipulations are dividing the US more and more, I can't believe more people can't realize that their being led against themselves.
$C: Because this time, there's actually proof?
$C: Okay, but if you really insist on using our language then please learn how to use it correctly. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: It’s just some city in the tiny state of New York
$C: Even if they were named and jailed people wouldn’t believe them. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: Get a fucking grip. In this situation you believe mr ex-kgb, let’s murder journalists and invade innocent countries Putin over our own intelligence agencies? 
$C: >Oh...I thought Russia tried to hack the election? 

Not really, no. You expose your ignorance here.

>Wouldn’t be prudent of the US to enact tighter security controls to ensure each citizens vote counts in the election?

Yes, tighter security controls directed towards the actual ways they tried to influence the election, sure. But again, it's not so much an issue of security in many cases. You should try to read a basic summary of the issue, it seems like you have no idea what you're talking about.

>What’s to stop the Russians from loading the ballot box?

lol, when you catch wind of a russian plot to send hundreds of thousands of Russians to the US to cast fake votes, let me know. Until that day, I think US Customs, the voter registration system, and the thousands of displaced voters who are somehow told they "already voted" will do a fine job.

It's like you literally aren't thinking at all before you type.
$C: I think the record is about 1600 gold.
$C: Oh I agree, especially when Fox News reports on it, even if it's just to rehash the original source because they didn't break the story. My point was more that news agencies still have their own channels and develop and publish at their own pace and when they choose to. It's completely normal that there isn't some synchronous launch by other news outlets. It's also only been a few hours.

It really is mainly people just trying to throw shade on it. 
$C: Yep, pretty much this.

It all came down to who you think is the lesser of the two evils. Well, only those that are not brainwashed by the media would think this way.
$C: Oh come on, in 70 years China became a global superpower
$C: So you watched him try to speak and you like him.  God save you.
$C: However, I doubt that mitigation would take on the form of two years of lying to the American public, disparaging those he dislikes by implicating what he knew wasn't true, and tearing down and weakening his item intelligence agencies, when he knew what they were reporting was true.

There's no excuse for that, and I think Trump is unfit to represent me, or anyone else in this nation. 
$C: There are, the protests are everywhere.  Unfortunately the great bulk of Americans are underpaid and need to work to support their families, and most would be fired if they took off work to protest.  I know I would.  I, like many others, can only join in protesting outside work times.  One thing we can do aside from protesting is try to point out how important this whole thing really is to the indifferent and ignorant.  The more we become an example to our friends and family, the more actual change we will see.  Protesting is just one such tool to use.
$C: More questions only because my dad is the same...MAGA hat, coffee cup, tshirt...
The fact that Fox threw some red flags when Trump tossed America under the bus in Helsinki wasn't any assistance? 
$C: [deleted]
$C: Being guided is enough for me.  If it's not for you, we can agree to disagree. Reasonable minds can come to different conclusions and all that.  Too late at night for me to keep going.  
$C: There could be some laziness to it, but mostly people are scared. Our jobs aren't protected under protest, and in a country without universal healthcare, to many that means losing their employer-provided health insurance let alone income if their employer decides to replace them for not showing up to work. Protesting only during non-working hours isn't super effective, as we have recently seen (Women's March, March for our Lives, etc..). "Revolt and change the system" is much, much easier said than done, and I only provided one reason why Americans are hesitant to march days on end. Stuck between a rock and a hard place. 
$C: > Even on a technicality like Hilary's server?

You’re lying or stupid.
$C: No, you’re lying.
$C: He says “rigging elections” is “impossible?”
$C: Obama was talking about actually changing votes that had been cast. Not about affecting the election in general. 
$C: I don't know how you came to tbat conclusion. Are you seeing a different country than I am? We are the most powerfully armed country in the world. In a non nuclear war, we could take on the majoruty of the rest of the world at once. You think people vote on who gets to call who a superpower? The US dollar is the standard for all international business. We own more aircraft carriers thsn the rest of the world combined. We claim power, it's not given to us. We earned it. 

Also, you didn't list any specific policies. Are you ignorant, and just repeating what you've heard, or is there a brain in there that can think for itself?
$C: Why?
$C: Like?
$C: I wrote 3 cogent sentences. So not me. 
$C: Honestly from where I am coming (Europe) I think your countries’ political system just doesn’t work at all. It’s either the one or the other and it divides the country in 2 opposite halves that are always ‘at war’ with each other.

Reddit doesn’t seem like the most reliable place for accurate information but besides Reddit there’s way more of course. A fact is that Trump seems to be the most controversial president to date and it’s probably not without reason.

I like to keep it to the facts and there seems to be enough data to reliably state that Trump lies, deceits, shits on and has no respect for anybody else but the most wealthy part of your population.

To begin with, How has he created jobs or boosted the economy in your favor? (presuming you’re around the middle class)
$C: In the real world, Vladimir Putin authorized the hacking and publishing of DNC emails. Donald Trump has known this for two years and has lied for two years. At best he's trying to make himself appear legitimate in the face of the Russian government acting without his knowledge. But considering his son met with a Russian spy, his campaign manager was arrested for conspiracy against the United States, and his general unwillingness to stand up to Russia, it's much more likely he's a Russian asset. 
$C: Apparently they watched the hack go down in real time.
$C: She's pretty much said she's no way in hell going to retire while Trump is in office.

The moment a Democrat gets in office, she'll dissipate into the aether like the statues in Breath of the Wild.
$C: Of course.  Do you have *any* idea what would happen to someone who got caught leaking top secret information?  That they did it to save the country is irrelevant.

I'm sorry you can't understand the concept of "anonymous sources."
$C: Trump knew that Russia did this and he’s still lying about it...
$C: Where does it say “attacks” in the headline? It doesn’t.
$C: https://mashable.com/2018/07/17/google-cloud-outage-brings-down-snapchat-discord-spotify/#6I3FvUY9bOq0

The other half of the internet (amazon cloud services) has gone down multiple times in the last 2 years

https://www.usatoday.com/story/tech/news/2017/02/28/amazons-cloud-service-goes-down-sites-scramble/98530914/ 
$C: We don't know.

Most likely they didn't change any numbers; if anything direct they simply removed some people from the voter rolls, preventing them from ever voting to begin with.

Indirectly there was significant propaganda, which it turns out people are far more vulnerable to than I had believed.  (And understand that as easy as it is to downplay this as insignificant, remember how little propaganda it took before the majority of Germans *supported* the holocaust, etc.  Propaganda is insidious and far more influential than anyone wants to admit.)
$C: The argument I’ve heard for the de-centralization is that then if one states voting gets compromised, it may be more isolated, since they’re independent of one another.

*shrug* take that as you will, haha
$C: I can never tell where humor starts around here.

Anyways, I just don't see how a candidate would need to step down because a third party interferred/influenced on their behalf. Assuming he didnt ask Russia for help.

If that was expected anyone could sink a candidate by 'helping' them.
$C: >Effectively we have a man in charge who wasn’t voted for by most of the people 

Irrelevant in the electoral college way the president is chosen.

>and apparently cheated his way into power. 

There's the rub; whether *candidate* Trump knew of the alleged ^(\[not yet convicted\]) contacts of campaign staff with foreign powers is still an open question.

You have to understand the US politics on the large scale is essentially a one-party state - either the Democrats or the Republicans are in charge, and no one else is. It simply changes as to which of those are in the driver's seat, and come hell or high water party affiliation means more than the "good of the country".
$C: Fair enough. :)
$C: You tried. 
$C: At this point, if you still support trump, you must be on some extremely powerful amphetamines or hallucinogens. That’s the only way to explain how you couldn’t perceive reality as it’s right in front of your eyes.  
$C: Think of it like the gym. You don't improve with lots of effort all at once.     
It requires persistence to bring about the change you want.
$C: *Hysterical
$C: How are those countries "constantly influencing our elections and politicians?" Please, show me examples of how those countries engaged in cyber warfare to disseminate misinformation and sow division while at the same time using our politicians to launder money.

Some day, years from now when all the dust has settled and a majority of the Trump campaign is in jail, I really hope you remember this moment and stop to figure out just how you let yourself be so gullible in the face of overwhelming evidence.
$C: He’s surely done for now!! Peach mints!!

I can’t even come to world news for actual world news.  Almost every post is some anti Trump article that offers no sources or credibility to the claims they make
$C: This is like a North Korean citizen calling the entire world an echo chamber because they don't live like them lol
$C: Reddit used to be awesome but that was a long time ago. Carry on friend, enjoy the rain of downvotes /salute
$C: So leave. Legit. Why are you here if it “died”?
$C: I sent you the answer to what you were asking for and you deflect to Hillary.
$C: It's actually a little sad that you seem to have some semblance of intelligence, but can't apply it to current events
$C: School elections? That’s it? Aww come on I’m sure you can spin better than that. 
$C: This involves a school board election, schools which all CA children in that area are able to attend. It isn't general elections stuff, just parents having a say on where and how their children, who are likely citizens, are educated. Did you read this article or are you just C&Ping links? You seem disingenuous when you use this reference. Giving parents the ability to vote for outcomes regarding the public education of their own children serves the common good. 
$C: That is a local school board election.  That's not the same thing as a General Election and you know that.
$C: STATES can run their STATE elections how they want, you remember states rights don't you. Catch up here moron we're talking about federal elections.
$C: You need a source to that extraordinary claim. 
$C: Liar
$C: Russia didn't hack any votes at all, and even if they did, voter ID wouldn't solve that particular problem. Once again, I would suggest that you read up on what you're referring to.

>Illegal immigrants manipluation our voting system

I highly doubt that you have any evidence that "illegal immigrants manipulation our voting system"


$C: Yeah, I'm on your side here. I was being sarcastic. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: The DNC didn't convince 3 million more people to vote for Hillary.

Even if the DNC hadn't favored her, she would have crushed him in  the election. Please find me even a shred of evidence that shows they convinced media outlets to not cover Bernie.  Media outlets did that all on their own.  It's one of the many, many reasons he lost.

More importantly.  **It has been the stated goal of the DNC to push for establishment candidates over populist ones since the 1970s.**  That's literally why super delegates were created.
$C: Reddit just has a painfully short memory. 
$C: How did they sway primaries?
$C: They’re a private party. Yes the selection process is prone to bias but there were no laws broken. Democratic Party members can influence and change the party structure by getting involved. They put their democratic supporters offside and it wasn’t election interference and collusion like the Trump campaign and Russia in the general election. Completely, completely different orders of magnitude. 
$C: The DNC, as a private organization, can do whatever the fuck they want with their primary.  Hell, they dont even have to have one, they could just pick someone and not let the masses have any say, that's what they used to do, and what most third parties still do. 
$C: But...they didn't really. And I supported Bernie. She still got more votes regardless. She won by a lot. Besides, the DNC did nothing illegal. Immoral? Probably. But nothing I'm too upset over, it wouldn't have changed anything. I'm not surprised the DNC supported a lifelong dem who's keeping them afloat financially over someone who isn't even a dem (thank god). You shouldn't be surprised either.
$C: -Reorganized the primary order to benefit Clinton

-Removed most of the debates

-What debates remained were intentionally scheduled to compete with major TV events like sports. 

-Donna Brazile admitted to giving CNN debate questions to Clinton before the debate. 

-Suspended access to vital voter information for no good reason for almost 2 days

-DWS and Donna Brazile were **fired** for attempting to rig the primary. 


If you think the DNC primary wasn't rigged you aren't paying attention, you haven't done any research, you haven't read a single article about the subject. Even NPR, the bastion of democratic establishment thought, was forced to conclude that Bernie was cheated. 
$C: We're literally in agreement lol you might have read the response wrong. Or maybe I shouldn't have ended with a question mark lol
$C: Gay midget porn isn't illegal. The slimy politics in the hack weren't illegal. Breaking and entering is and so is breaking into the server.

If the shit she did was illegal those hacked emails can be used as evidence against her. But they aren't. she's a slimy politician through and through. 
$C: How did they rig the primary?

What did they physically do?
$C: Russia isn't a friend. They didnt "see" us.
$C: I think it's more like your friend sees you and your girlfriend cheat, decides which cheating evidence to make public based on the most beneficial outcome. If your friend gives your girlfriend's texts to your boyfriend, he can't fuck your girlfriend in the ass under the threat of telling all your girlfriend's friends and family that she's also a dirty cheater if she doesn't gives up that sweet ass and let me fondle them tig old sanctions.
$C: It's more like 2 guys like the same girl. They both do shitty things and a 3rd person finds out about it. 

This guy doesn't like the girl so he decides to help the shittier guy. He reveals what he knows about guy 1, and gets his friends to make up untrue rumors. 

The girl starts dating guy 2 and he is horrible, but in this school couples have to date for 4 years for some reason so she's stuck with him. 
$C: Maybe take a look at this russian textbook on geo politics:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Foundations_of_Geopolitics

And maybe you should read up on hybrid warefare. Its a thing.

http://www.natolibguides.info/hybridwarfare

And maybe you should consider that the oligarchs money doesnt come from the plagued russian economy.  Oligarchs are (like all big money) international. They gained their wealth through exporting natural resources (most notably but not exclusivly), but their coorporations are operating globally. Their spending power depends on the global economy, not the russian. Energy prices have more impact on them than the unemployment rate in russia...

Edit: I want to add, if you really are a slightly left leaning cannadian (and not a troll), then you should really inform yourself about this stuff. Russia is playing a dangerous game, and we should be aware.
$C: Yes it is pretty simple. Sorry you’re slow. 
$C: By winning fair and square? Cool story, dude. 
$C: You clearly missed every single time he was scripted to say that he pivoted off-script and sided with Putin. The real issue is that once informed why McConnell refused to join Obama in making the intel public and threatened to fuck shit up if Obama did it on his own and why Trump has been lying all this time about not knowin' nuffin'. The attacks are ongoing on Trump's watch and he's doing jack shit about it. The real issue. 
$C: You are a fan of far right populist bullshit. 
 
Riddle me this: 
 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shelling_of_Mainila 
 
Do you admit Russia did this or are you denying it. 
 
USA is hardly the only country Russia is desperately trying to influence with this "alt-right" bullshit. This has been going on for decades.  The middle of Canada also drank the kool-aid.  Mods at /r/canada  are neonazis peddling russomurican propaganda and you know it.  
 
https://www.wilsoncenter.org/publication/aleksandr-dugin-russian-version-the-european-radical-right-2006
$C: So you didn't read it then, ok
$C: Are you new to Reddit? That's pretty much all this site is. 
$C: This is a respectable viewpoint that I share with you 
$C: Claims to be a fan of actual journalism

Posts in /r/conspiracy

You guys are too fucking hilarious
$C: [deleted]
$C: [removed]
$C: It would be Photoshopped. If it was a video, it would be After Effects'd. If it was Putin and Trump murdering children in their own homes, they'd find something illegal one of the children's parents had done. If their parents are squeaky clean, then they'll claim Trump is at least doing something, trying to make the country better. There is no end to the madness on the right that isn't full stop dictatorship, because they've already bent over, spread their asses wide and wantonly waited for exactly that.
$C: That’s a fun one to think about.
$C: Until there's an official report from one of our intelligence agencies, there's no reason to believe NYT at face value. Unless you just want to believe because it conforms with your world view.

And no our intelligence agencies are not required to immediately come out with a public statement denying what the media claims they've said. That would take way too many resources, especially since most of the time NYT just says "a source close to the case" so they would have to investigate internally every single person involved in the case every time another trump russia article came out.
$C: Shit man, I really don’t know how to answer that. I’ve probably typed out about 5 responses but I can’t put it all into words without trying to have a in depth conversation.

$C: > The only people indicted from the Trump campaign have been indicted for process crimes and money laundering that again, had nothing to do with Trump.

Without even touching on the rest of your arguments, are you just totally fine with the idea that Trump surrounds himself with advisors that break the law? You think that's okay?
$C: Will you honestly and truly admit you were wrong when all this comes to a head? I certainly will if the investigation shows nothing(meaning Trump doesn't get impeached for what it reveals). I'll come back to this comment and admit I'm wrong. Dead serious.
$C: > Rosenstein himself has said multiple times that no American was knowingly involved with any of the indicted Russians. 

That was *on that day*. No Americans were being indicted *on that day* last Friday. One American has already plead guilty to identity fraud charges, in aiding a batch of Russians. 

The story's not finished.
$C: Ignores everything posted and instead just reposts propaganda that has already been disproven.

Drops back to relying on "Trump isn't in jail yet" type answers and then starts bringing up gish gallop style former propaganda talking points. Bernie and shit.

Yawn, seen it 10 thousands times before from people much better at it than you.

Doesn't change the fact that the talking points on the Russians have changed with Trump and his supporters 20x already, and everyone of those 20x you have desperately screeched at us all that he was 1000% true and everything else was completely false. Before changing the story again and again and again and again.

You guys are not fooling anyone.
$C: The real problem is that the US is deeply divided at this time; more than it has ever been. If seen from outside, USA is breaking apart, and has lost so much international leverage and respect. All those spaces the USA is leaving behind, wide open, are being seized by China and the European Union.

Good luck trying to regain your status after this trainwreck of a president. You can continue going all out right v. left; I'll just continue eating popcorn and watch hilarity ensue.
$C: Why do you have to insult autistic people?
$C: Yes, we need to be sheltering and welcoming trump defectors into our open arms just like we do for North Korean defectors.
$C: Oh yeah this isn't begging for Trump 2020. Your rabid elitism got you into this mess, your rabid elitism won't get you out. 
$C: And it wasn't just the firewall for the DNC.  One politician was sent an email saying he needed to change his gmail password, so he clicked through and entered his old password when asked.

$C: Arbitrary goalposts. No machines were hacked, if you discount the ones that were hacked
$C: So, blaming the victims of the attack rather than the perpetrator, how patriotic of you.  

America's fault for pearl harbor too, they were woefully negligent with protecting their military bases.
$C: Ugh yes, "ignore what the emails said! It's not important! What matters is that someone hacked us!"

Fucking partisan idiots
$C: Please show me some sources.

Please ... I’d love to see the evidence that the FBI and Congress were unable to find.
$C: I guess at this point "Russian" and "Republican" can be used interchangeably, so yes, they have been spreading disinformation about Hillary for decades.
_________________

Edit: in case you couldn't tell, with all the news of Russians infiltrating faucets of the Republican party, this was a joke.

I've seen too many trump supporters tout their amazing humility and ability to laugh at themselves for any one of you to be offended by my op.

Seriously, do the ones commenting below enjoy being such projecting hypocrites?
$C: It wasn't two sides.

Source: all the evidence.
$C: Lovely theory.

One little problem.

Russia has been caught interfering in the [elections of 27 European countries to ](https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/world/2017/09/07/alleged-russian-political-meddling-documented-27-countries-since-2004/619056001/) elect anti-globalist, populist, white nationalist, anti-immigration, pro-protectionist politicians, isolationist politicians.

  
Sound familiar?

The goal was to weaken America's presence on the world stage, and getting Trump elected was the best way to do that.  They  have succeeded to an incredible degree with relatively little investment.  The DNC hack alone would likely have been enough, considering how weak Hillary already was as a candidate.

  
So no, all sides are not equal.
$C: So what you're saying is, if the Russians would have hacked the RNC instead, they would have found nothing suspicious and we wouldn't even be talking about this. Riiiight... 
$C: Trump did that a whole lot, to be fair.
$C: All your top posts on the Donald 🤔

$C: Why are you asking people to be politically correct? I though you people hated that pussy shit and wanted people to tell it like it is
$C: i thought trumpers liked it when things were told like it is? 
$C: you called yourself dumb like 15 minutes ago... :)
$C: That moron wasn’t going to listen to reason, why waste the time?  I thought you guys were all about no-bullshit, anti-PC, fuck-your-feelings honesty?
$C: We’re not trying to win you to our side, you’re a lost cause.

The game plan is to motivate everyone who sat 2016 out to get off their ass and give a damn.
$C: I don't think you understand that after all of these controversy out in the open and people still support Trump; being nice to them is that last thing that would ever get them to switch sides. Heck, Trump could very well call his own supporters 'gullible and stupid' and they would still support him. 
$C: I thought being a sensitive snowflake was a bad things and telling it like it is is what we’re supposed to do now 
$C: We stopped trying to win over the morons a long time ago.
$C: This is America
$C: It's not a side thing, this isn't a religion.  If at this point, you think the Trump administration who literally have people in jail awaiting trial are credible, then you will never see reason.  You are so obsessed with us vs. them even when it is screaming you in the face you will refuse to see it and grasp to whatever you can to justify.  Maybe it's emails, maybe it's murder conspiracy, maybe it's deep state that are so powerful yet somehow allowed DT to get elected?  Whatever it is, we will drag you over the finishline. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: "fuck your feelings snowflake"

This is what happens when your said yells and yells about how we should get rid of "pc culture"
$C: *Man sticks hand in boiling water*

“Hey man that’s a pretty stupid idea.”

“Wow, you think calling me stupid is going to convince me I’m wrong. What a winning strategy!”

*Continues to leave hand in boiling water out of spite*
$C: The dude lies consistently about anything and everything for little to no reason, and you still trust him?  Wheres that wall?  Wheres those tax returns?  Wheres that super easily balanced budget he promised?  Oh, the deficit is increasing rapidly?  Who would've guessed.  Thank god he repealed and replaced the ACA with... wait what?  Nothing again?  Weird.
$C: He made healthcare fantastic and built a huge wall that Mexico paid for?
$C: I have family that is convinced that she makes other politicians shoot a kid on tape so they can never betray her. 
$C: But maybe it moved the needle just enough. Maybe the hated her but not enough to elect an idiot like Trump. But they made her look worse and worse until any choice was better than her.

It's going to be impossible to know how much these Russian attacks effected our election.
$C: Oh I'm STILL a huge Bernie Supporter. He fit closer to my views than Hillary did. But I have to admit to myself that my view of Hillary (even though I voted for her) may have been worsened by propaganda, from Russia or elsewhere. 

Hell, just now I had to get into it with my Uncle on Facebook because he posted this sketchy AF article about how Denzel Washington supposedly said we dodged a bullet by not electing Hillary because we would have went to war with Russia. His response? "OH the message is more important than who said it!" SMH
$C: lol.. oh god that was terrible. my favorite is still when she tried to call a cartoon frog a white supremacist hate symbol.
$C: >Ironically enough, Trump turns out to be the most corrupt politician in history. How's that feel? 

Really makes you think what the world would be like if the US media went at Clinton, Bush or Obama as hard as they go at Trump.
$C: I haven't been shown any definitive evidence that Trump is corroupt 
$C: [deleted]
$C: [deleted]
$C: [deleted]
$C: "Okay, there wasn't any evidence, but I *feel* like she was corrupt"
$C: [deleted]
$C: Ah Reddit. Downvote don’t respond 
$C: [removed]
$C: Colluding with the media, rigging primaries and sending classified emails on unclassified systems is a good place to start. 
$C: I actually wanted to see what people said.  I find the corrupt DNC narrative to be uncompelling.  The establishment had a preference,  which they are allowed to do. The people also had a preference. 

Primary rules are terrible, but it looks like all the terrible rules were followed.
$C: You need some help my friend. Did you not read the article?
$C: I understand exactly what it means.  You do understand I’m correct, right?
$C: [removed]
$C: Unless you’re Russian.
$C: [deleted]
$C: You're an apostrophe
$C: Clearly, you're more focused on the apostrophe than the content, just like Trump and his would/would'nt walk back after Helsinki.  Yes, Trumps was used as a verb.  Sorry to have scratched your sensibilities.  You must be really busy correcting errors in blogs.
$C: Sure, that’s entirely fair. I remember that too. But it’s worth noting that it’s far easier to convince someone that their candidate is going to win, as opposed to convincing them to vote for the other person. If you see ten thousand people online going “lol Hillary has this in the bag, she’s going to win no problem” and that matches up with loosely with the polls, that can cause a ton of people to not vote. An easy swing of a few percentage points, even. 

My point being that the IRA likely did focus on the ‘doubt’ aspect, both with getting people to doubt Hillary’s qualifications/health/history, and also getting people to doubt whether or not they needed to vote, since it was so in the bag. 
$C: No, that's one legitimate possibility of at least three ways a cyberattack could sway an election without changing vote totals. 

And removing people from voter registration rolls happens every election year anyway, adding a few names here and there might be nearly unnoticeable. 
$C: That's not a cyber attack.
$C: Those polls were legitimate. You forget that trump lost the popular vote by over 3 million votes. His win came down to less than 50k voters in 3 swing States, 50k voters is 0.016% of the population of the US that made the difference in him winning the election, it was an upset of massive proportions that nobody (including the trump campaign themselves, if you believe Bannon) expected to occur. Everybody genuinely expected Hillary to win, that doesn't make them biased, they were just following the numbers. 
$C: Ah, so this guy isn't interested in rational discussion. Looks like he's just a run of the mill uneducated Trump supporter who just wants to harvest some lulz. Sad!
$C: Lol love the new buzzword deflection!
$C: 
Directly from the article. 

> Instead, Obama officials chose another course of action after becoming frustrated that Republican leaders on Capitol Hill would not endorse a bipartisan statement condemning Russian interference and fearful that any unilateral action by them would feed then candidate Donald Trump’s claims that the election was rigged. They chose a private “stern” warning by Obama to Russian President Vladimir Putin at a summit in China in early September 2016 to stop his country’s campaign to disrupt the U.S. election.

He tried to do something about it, but received no support and knew how it would look considering trump had already started spouting that the elections were rigged. 

Oh shit, your account is 7 years old. You aren't a troll. You're just dumb as all hell. *Nice*.


$C: Directly from the article. 

> Instead, Obama officials chose another course of action after becoming frustrated that Republican leaders on Capitol Hill would not endorse a bipartisan statement condemning Russian interference and fearful that any unilateral action by them would feed then candidate Donald Trump’s claims that the election was rigged. They chose a private “stern” warning by Obama to Russian President Vladimir Putin at a summit in China in early September 2016 to stop his country’s campaign to disrupt the U.S. election.

He tried to do something about it, but received no support and knew how it would look considering trump had already started spouting that the elections were rigged. 
$C: Instead, Obama officials chose another course of action after becoming frustrated that Republican leaders on Capitol Hill would not endorse a bipartisan statement condemning Russian interference and fearful that any unilateral action by them would feed then candidate Donald Trump’s claims that the election was rigged. They chose a private “stern” warning by Obama to Russian President Vladimir Putin at a summit in China in early September 2016 to stop his country’s campaign to disrupt the U.S. election.
$C: I’m which he couldn’t get republican support and did not want to push a unilateral push due to what it would look like but hey yeah let’s pretend like Obama was nice to Russia 
$C: Only mattered when Trump became president 
$C: Some nice quotes from the article:

> Daniel added that “it’s not accurate to say that all activity ceased at that point.” He and his staff “shifted our focus” to assisting state governments to protect against Russian cyberattacks against state and local election systems.   
>  
>  
>  
>  Obama officials chose another course of action after becoming frustrated that Republican leaders on Capitol Hill would not endorse a bipartisan statement condemning Russian interference and fearful that any unilateral action by them would feed then candidate [Donald Trump](https://www.yahoo.com/news/topics/president-trump)’s claims that the election was rigged.  

It was a really double-edged sword, and while I still think they made the worse decision, I don't think it was necessarily the wrong decision, as it's impossible to say what the fallout would have been had they been more active.
$C: Yes. Obama committed treason and became the 45th president of the United States.

Of course he did. And vice president Hillary. But what about her emails? Benghazi. maga(ts).
$C: >The view that the Obama administration failed to adequately piece together intelligence about the Russian campaign and develop a forceful response has clearly gained traction with the intelligence committee.

Read your own link, cultist. 

Big difference between the conclusive brief Trump was given, two weeks before his inauguration, and the apparently less conclusive one Obama was given. 
$C: Broken link?
$C: Burn!!! 
$C: [deleted]
$C: In glad you like that Obama, like trump, avoided war with Russia.
$C: Could you link me to a time where the only justification for something that Obama’s or his team used was “But Bush did it too!”?
$C: I never even said anything about espionage.  Is that an admission of guilt? 
 
Again, do you deny this happened? 
$C: Ok but obama is no longer president... trump is. They both kept it a secret but one is our acting president
$C: I think letting a foreign adversary have any amount of influence in our presidential elections without us taking any drastic action about it is an extremely dangerous concession for American democracy.

Give them an inch and they’ll take a mile. Preserving the integrity of our elections is vital to preserving the integrity of our democracy. While Russia isn’t the source of all of our electoral issues, this is a damn good place to start taking control back.
$C: I don't know either way. 

Like I said, there's no way to quantify that. 
$C: [https://edition.cnn.com/2018/02/16/politics/who-is-ten-gop/index.html](https://edition.cnn.com/2018/02/16/politics/who-is-ten-gop/index.html)
$C: Remember that time that major mass media companies threw a bitch-fit over how Trump got more ice cream than everyone else? 

You have to filter out anti-trump content in order to even see pro-trump content. If that’s what Russians are pushing, they’re doing a shit job. 
$C: Remember when Donald Trump was business partners with the Russian government and his company got 53 million from the Russian government investment fund called Rusnano that was started by Vladimir Putin and is referred to as "Putin's Child"?

Oh wait, that wasn't Trump it was John Podesta.

Remember when Donald Trump received 500 thousand for a speech in Moscow and paid for by Renaissance Capital, a company tied to Russian Intelligence Agencies?

Oh wait, that was Bill Clinton.

Remember when Donald Trump approved the sale of 20% of US uranium to the Russians while he was Secretary of State which gave control of it to Rosatom the Russian State Atomic Energy Corporation?

Oh wait, that was Hillary Clinton.

Remember when Donald Trump lied about that and said he wasn't a part of approving the deal that gave the Russians 1/5 of our uranium, but then his emails were leaked showing he did lie about it?

Oh wait, that was Hillary Clinton and John Podesta.

Remember when Donald Trump got 145 million dollars from shareholders of the uranium company sold to the Russians?

Oh wait, that was Hillary Clinton and the Clinton Foundation.

Remember when Donald Trump accepted millions in donations from Russian Oligarchs like the chairman of a company that's part of the Russian Nuclear Research Cluster, the wife of the mayor of Moscow, and a close pal of Putin's?

Oh wait, that was the Clinton Foundation.

Remember when Donald Trump failed to disclose all those donations before becoming the Secretary of State, and it was only found out when a journalist went through Canadian tax records?

Oh wait, that was Hillary Clinton.

Remember when Donald Trump told Mitt Romney that the 80s called and it wanted its Russian policy back. The Cold War is over?

Oh wait, that was President Obama. 

Remember when Trump got caught on a hot mic telling the Russian President he’d have much more flexibility after the elections, and the ambassador said he’d pass it on to Putin?

Oh wait, that was Obama.

Man... Trump's ties to Russia are really disgusting!
$C: > Oh yea remember when they funneled 30 million [] through the NRA?

LOL. This is so hilariously fakenews. 
$C: But he just said we should criticize trump because that’s what the Russians want. What backwards idiotic logic that ignores all the recent news that has been coming out 
$C: You criticize him: but the terms “traitor” and “nazi” need to stop.  Especially from the media.  

We should always critique and criticize our leaders.  The calls for impeachment may go to far.  Get out the vote.   
$C: > let Trump continue to do whatever he wants? 

Oh, you mean being president?! Maybe he has a fake birth certificate, why don't you investigate that?
$C: I fail to see how them spending a couple hundred thousand when the US candidates spend billions swayed it.  
$C: I'm sure that you're right. After all, you're way may informed than the CIA, the FBI, and the NSA. You're not just full of bias, everyone is out to get you!
$C: > Almost every country probably spent the same ammoint doing the same thing

*[citation needed]*
$C: 400k is a drop in the ocean. Facebook makes billions off ads.
$C: More lies 
$C: Y'all believed pizzagate for a few months I don't wanna hear shit about propoganda 
$C: "Am I wrong? No, it's the rest of the world and every intelligence agency we have that's just jealous of dragon energy" 
$C: It's not about blame. It's about the fact that it happened and our president has been lying to Americans and taking their side. The fact that this is THE SOLE talking point in this thread taken up by accounts around a year old is telling. Even if you aren't in on it, there's an impression of talking points being disseminated here, and that HAS to make you uncomfortable, right? Why would you want the Russian military to decide how you think? Especially because they know that we will in turn lift sanctions and allow them to continue to annex territory, torture their citizens, poison members of other countries, and outlaw things like gay marriage?
$C: Screw off back to Russia. 
$C: [removed]
$C: Or ya know all the people who “represent” the people.
$C: Rofl, trump only won because of the Russians. He won't win again with this in the spotlight 
$C: lol you gay for SanFernando33?
$C: Fuck you to you delusional fuck. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: When did Obama say that?
$C: Can you imagine if Obama had children with three different women.
$C: Who is talking about vote counts?
$C: >There was definitely hacking of information and targeted disinformation campaigns

Now why can't the fucking president just say that?  That's all he has to do.  Slap Putin on the wrist by upholding the sanctions and vocally support efforts to secure our next election.  How fucking hard is that?  It's not WW3.      


$C: Trump handed Putin his wish list of policy changes before he was even elected and nearly everyone on his staff was chatting with the Russians (and then lied about it.) Some sort of deals were being made, we just don't know what Trump got in exchange yet.  

A study was done after the election that showed that Trump had much better luck with electronic voting machines than paper ballots.  The company who made those machines recently admitted that they had lied and that they did actually put remote access software in the machines.  If they could get into the DNC voter database I'm sure they could get into electronic voting machines the company was stupid enough to make hackable.  

That's why he's giving Putin every damn thing he wants.  Putin rigged the election for him. 
$C: Nobody is screaming rigged election. That's a strawman argument lol. 
$C: The mental diarrhea in this one post seriously hurts my head. 

In one sentence agreed with the entire founding principal of why the election was illegitamate and then denied it with a whataboutism that nobody is even talking about. 

Bravo.
$C: Keep on fucking that chicken, pal.
$C: > There was definitely hacking of information and targeted disinformation campaigns, but nothing changing actual vote counts.

If you think that the hacking of information and a disinformation campaign didn't actually change any of the vote totals then you also must believe that campaigning has no effect on the vote totals. 

The truth is that while the Russians didn't change physical votes from Clinton to Trump, their interference in our elections definitely affected the way people voted. 
$C: That's because Russia isnt showing up at the polls to vote so voter id would do exactly nothing to stop Russia's cyber attacks on our electoral process through propaganda, email hacks with timed releases, infiltration of voter system anf manipulation of politicians.
$C: If you actually cared about making elections more fair and not just shooting for partisan points, you’d push for automatic registration. The illegal immigrant voting crap is a boogeyman. Wake up.
$C: [While refusing to renew election security funding](https://www.washingtonpost.com/business/economy/house-gop-refuses-to-renew-election-security-funding-as-democrats-fume-over-russian-meddling/2018/07/18/20761f88-8abb-11e8-8aea-86e88ae760d8_story.html?noredirect=on&utm_term=.cf4e22a0d89e)

[And leaving election security for states off of the defense bill](https://statescoop.com/bill-to-help-states-secure-election-absent-from-defense-spending-package)

[While voting machine vendors confess to having remote access software in voting machines](https://www.newsweek.com/election-hacking-voting-machines-software-1028948)

[And Russia stole the info of 500,000 voters](https://talkingpointsmemo.com/muckraker/new-mueller-indictment-russian-hackers-stole-info-of-500000-voters)

All the while Trump is denying that Russia tried to hack our elections, even though he knew about since 2016.

We're woke over here.
$C: You need to show ID to buy booze and cigarettes, hell even for spray paint and cough syrup. Now wanting an ID to vote is racist?
$C: He didn't comment here to discuss, he commented here to take a dump.
$C: Cowards don't come forward.
$C: So he did nothing to actually fix the problem? He threw out diplomats and added sanctions? How did that make anything better besides slapping Putin on the wrist.
$C: That is not all they did. Read the indictments.
$C: Yes, there were. Did you happen to glance over ANY of the news articles explaining the most recent Special Counsel indictment?

You must be delirious if you think "hacking the DNC emails" is the "only" crime that occured. 
https://www.nytimes.com/2018/07/13/us/politics/mueller-indictment-russian-intelligence-hacking.html

https://int.nyt.com/data/documenthelper/80-netyksho-et-al-indictment/ba0521c1eef869deecbe/optimized/full.pdf?action=click&module=Intentional&pgtype=Article

http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2018/07/13/rosenstein-says-12-russian-intel-officers-indicted-in-special-counsels-probe.html

https://www.cnn.com/2018/07/13/politics/russia-investigation-indictments/index.html


$C: There's not really any mental gymnastics on display then. Try reading it again. This shit is going on at the moment. The whole thing needs to be investigated and parties don't matter. You know it's not sport teams right. You also know Obama isn't president anymore? 
$C: Hacking an election via a foreign power hijacking a campaign to influence voters is a very different thing than literally rigging the vote count of an election, which is what Trump was claiming Hillary would do. This was the claim that Obama refuted. 

Your inability to differentiate between these two things speaks volumes to both to the support base, and legitimacy of the presidency you continue to support.
$C: You tried. 
$C: [Obama cyber chief confirms 'stand down' order against Russian cyberattacks in summer 2016](https://www.yahoo.com/news/obama-cyber-chief-confirms-stand-order-russian-cyberattacks-summer-2016-204935758.html](https://www.yahoo.com/news/obama-cyber-chief-confirms-stand-order-russian-cyberattacks-summer-2016-204935758.html)
$C: That’s been a major objection all along. The media constantly cite “sources inside the White House” and “unnamed sources”. And we’re not talking about some piddly little issue here. If this evidence exists, and Trump is removed from office, then the people will have to see the declassified evidence for themselves. “Unnamed sources” won’t mitigate an escalation of conflicts.
$C: Lol yep those 
$C: [deleted]
$C: The same way that the religious love and fear god (he gave us life, he can take it away), trump loves and fears Putin. At this point is doesn't matter whether trump was actively involved in the cyber-attacks, he knows they happened, and knows they benefited him, so is now actively obstructing justice in order to maintain power
$C: It's not a bias to report truthfully on all the shady stuff he does. They wouldn't be reporters if they didn't report on it all. 
$C: Your apathy is one of the biggest problems with this country. 
$C: *A Ukrainian* openly admitted she informed U.S. officials of Paul Manaforts intention to join the Trump campaign months before he was actually hired, among other things. 

She found this out while doing PI work on Paul Manafort inside Ukraine, and shortly after informing American officials of what she found, *her email was hacked*... I'll let you guess by who.
$C: Let's say you were going to vote for Clinton. Then you saw this [ad](https://cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_asset/file/9586833/trump_ad.PNG) and started to worry that voting for Clinton was setting up a dynasty and that this was bad for democracy. How do I prove to you that this led to you not voting for Clinton?

tl;dr: By setting up an impossible test, you create a false dilemma in order to detract and deflect from the fact that Russia attacked the Presidential elections in 2016.

If you actually cared about the facts, they are readily avialable:

https://www.documentcloud.org/documents/4598902-DOJ-Russian-Indictments.html

https://www.dni.gov/files/documents/ICA_2017_01.pdf
$C: Awesome! Thank you kind redditor
$C: You obviously didn't pay attention in history class...
$C: Criminals can do 2 crimes at the same time. The info they gained was then allegedly used to target the voters on social media, purge voting rolls and god knows what else.
$C: That's true it's just non stop. Probably the best move would have been to not cover him but they couldn't help themselves.
$C: TRUMP ADMITTED TO OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE ON LIVE TELEVISION. THAT IS YOUR EVIDENCE. HES BEEN GOLFING AT HIS OWN RESORTS ON TAX PAYER DOLLARS. THATS YOUR EVIDENCE. HE HAS COMPROMISED NATIONAL SECURITY AND LIED TO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE TO PROTECT RUSSIA. THAT IS YOUR EVIDENCE. 

THIS COUNTRY IS FULL OF RETARDS.
$C: Yeah they definitely should have been stronger on it, but hindsight is 20-20. Could you imagine how the Republicans would have reacted if he had have tried to make it known what was going on? It would have been the same bullshit Trump still says to this day about it being a hoax used as an excuse for why Hillary lost. 
$C: It’s the truth. If it discredits Trump then it’s because he’s a piece of shit traitor. Why? What do you get from it if you think it’s “attacking” him. Must make you feel pretty negatively about Trump.
$C: If the president really wanted her investigated he could appoint a special investigation and that's it. Why hasn't he done this, if he thinks it's so black and white? He knows his base would stick with him especially if he claimed the FBI was impeding such am investigation.
$C: Pretty sure they meant this, but keep trying. https://www.cbsnews.com/news/35-russian-diplomats-ordered-out-by-president-obama-depart-us-state-department-says/
$C: Haha,  got it
$C: In this dudes case I dont even think that's true. I looked through his post history and he is consistently downvoted on t_d. Not even the morons over there like what he has to say.

This is a very sad human who would sell out anything in their lives just to be right.
$C: The party of TRAITORS. 
$C: Bros before hoes.
$C: So you are okay with Russia influencing all of our elections for the rest of our lives?
$C: Good one. American politicians are colluding with foreign powers to undermine democracy, this is highly un-american. 

We need a stronger president.
$C: Illegitimate President*
$C: Technically he's not wrong. Putin IS a president.
$C: I'd take Putin over Hillary 
$C: Is that something to be proud of?
$C: Yeah in 2012 before Russia invaded Crimea and interferes with our election.  But you know that and are simply choosing to be a stupid troll.
$C: I dont know what that was about, It bothered me when he said that. Did i blindly follow obama? hell no. So what do you think it he was talking about? I highly doubt it was to let them infiltrate our government. Also and more importantly obama is no longer the president, trump is and he seems to really have some issues that are cause for real concern. 
$C: Trump killed Russians that were trying to take advantage of us in Syria.

Trump pushed Russians out of the country 

Trump pushed for NATO to increase their defense ALOT

Trump pushed sanctions into Russia. 

Trump embarrassed Germany for being in bed with Russia. 

All in the past 6 months


Obama could have went in front of the American people without throwing any candidate out there and just stated “We believe Russia is trying to influence our election. Please be on the lookout for propaganda” 

But he couldn’t because his agencies already had investigations behind the scenes based on false evidence pointing to Russia having influence over Trump. Where news flash. After 2 years there has been no evidence. N.o.n.e.
$C: Obama did try to do something, but he didn't want to appear partisan (because we all know if he did something, he would then be accused of being partisan), so he tried to get Congress to act. However, McConnell didn't want to do anything and so he stopped anything from happening. If you're looking for blame, look no further than McConnell. 
$C: You really think liberals are afraid of words?
$C: Careful, their feelings get hurt when you break their narrative. In their world, they are perfect balls of sunshine who just want to murder minorities and liberals.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Washington post =/= Washington examiner? 

Obama was at fault. Who was the president in 2016?

he should have stated Russia was going to threaten the election and then put out an executive order where you had to prove citizenship to the USA to vote 

How is he betraying us? God you’re psycho. Name something Trump did for Russia. In the last week he made every member of NATO increase defense which NATO was created because of Russia. And he called out Germany for dealing with Russia and their oil pipe line. My god your hate blinds you. Did you know we killed hundreds of Russian soldiers in Syria during Trumps presidency. Did Putin tell Trump to kill Russians?

“Get him out of office so we can defend ourselves” again. Psycho get checked out. Trump INCREASED military spending. How is that not protecting ourselves?


>we will get back to Hillary’s server

What a good point to bring up! Because sources that sat in on Lisa pages closed hearing has said Lisa rolled on Hillary and China had hacked her email server!

When are we going to know about the FISA abuse that lead to Trump and his campaign being wiretapped? Oh don’t worry TDS guy. The OBAMA appointed IG at the DOJ is about to release the FISA abuse report very very soon!

It will all come together. It’s already out there. Piece by piece.

3 “dossiers” used to get ILLEGAL  FISA warrants they hopped around the Trump campaign and spied. 

Fake dossier used to create the illegal Trump crossfire hurricane investigation which turned over to Comeys public investigation which turned over to Muellers investigation.. all of that is going to be thrown into the wind with all of the charges.  All of it’s going to be dropped. 

Trump didn’t collude pull your head out of the sand


$C: Trump is doomed on his own account - dude can't tell a straight story to save his life and gullible dimwits like yourself for some reason love it.
$C: I would love a source on this to show my friend
$C: There wasn't evidence of a concerted effort to spy on Trump, but you're not dumb if you asked in good faith. People here are like animals when it comes to their political teams, don't let the rudeness phase you.
$C: He didn’t not brag about it. He lied. He was shown evidence and he still pretended that he didn’t know. He’s a liar, simple as that. You can no longer say the president is too stupid to know what happened. He knows, but is a liar. 
$C: Uh... Just the hacks? 


Give me a break. How about:


1. Fake News (*actually* fake news)


2. Fake Facebook profiles to share the fake news


3. Fake Twitter accounts


4. Fake Reddit (and YouTube) accounts


5. Buying Facebook ads 


6. Inventing conspiracy theories 


7. More fake news 


The list goes on and on...


You gotta step out of your bubble and look around dude. 
$C: Like removing diplomats and adding sanctions? Wanting to make a strong joint statement with congress only to be told by Mitch McConnell that if he did, they would accuse him of interfering with the election? Why is Trump incapable of even saying anything negative about Putin? What does Putin have on the president?
$C: Because Mitch McConnell refused to make a bi partisan statement acknowledging the problem and informing Americans.

He said he would claim Obama was attempting to away the public if he made the statement about Russian meddling alone.

https://www.politico.com/story/2018/01/23/mitch-mcconnell-russia-obama-joe-biden-359531
$C: https://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2018/01/24/580171396/biden-mcconnell-refused-to-sign-bipartisan-statement-on-russian-interference

Why aren't you asking why Trump hasn't done anything but deny it and try to stop the investigation for almost 2 years?
$C: What would you have had him do? Suspend the election?
$C: [https://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2018/01/24/580171396/biden-mcconnell-refused-to-sign-bipartisan-statement-on-russian-interference](https://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2018/01/24/580171396/biden-mcconnell-refused-to-sign-bipartisan-statement-on-russian-interference)

You know damn well why they didn't come out and say something after chicken-shit McConnel refused to sign a bipartisan statement on the interference. Republicans would have been screaming about election interference.
$C: He did, you fucking dunce. Expelling Russian diplomats on US soil was a start. 

Wake the fuck up and stop spreading misinformation. 
$C: [Really good question](https://youtu.be/UXpRswM-tzc) since according to Obama, no serious person believes you could even rig America's election.
$C: He did.
$C: lol, that happened under Obama actually so uhhh look in the mirror fuccboi.
$C: Not like McConnell wound have used that to attack Democrats or anything.
$C: The President isn’t a dictator and Obama actually respected the integrity of the office. The separation of powers is real and the power of the president is checked by Congress. 
$C: The president isn't omnipotent...
$C: Are you trying to say you don't see any reason why he wouldn't? 
$C: Imagine a president so soft that he refuses to confront the foreign powers that undermined his nation’s elections. Good thing the US elected a strong leader that doesn’t bend over to authoritarians and dictators. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: I doubt it is Mueller's team. They have not leaked anything upto this point. My guess is that its someone at the WH who was at that meeting. 
$C: Obama wanted to make it public that we knew Russia was interfering with our election. They wanted to announce it with bipartisan support but McConnel shut it down.
$C: Nobody is claiming (yet, they could eventually) to actually know that Russia's activities actually pushed Trump over the top. What actually is important is that they did fuck with our 2016 election and are still fucking with us now, and will almost certainly fuck with our 2020 election. This is obviously and clearly not acceptable. Mueller looking at collusion is just an afterthought in a way. The main event is still under way, and I'm struggling to understand your logic when you say you don't care.
$C: [deleted]
$C: >the media and redditors and everyone who hates Trump spends time every day or every week talking about or thinking about or screeching about how Trump conspired with Putin/Russia to rig the election

These people are irrelevant, and you're very obviously trying to put words in my mouth. Saying that these two people sat down face to face and plotted a grand conspiracy is indeed far-fetched. That by no means extends to their agents coordinating by proxy. In fact, members of Trump's campaign have already been indicted for lying to investigators about meetings with Russian proxies.

Ignoring for the moment the fact that you demonize "the Media", as if it's some monolithic cabal (which to me implies you have an aversion to real journalism, and therein a distaste for factualism as a whole), how can you not care that Russia influenced our election, with or without aid from the Trump campaign? You even claim that as long as Trump's underlings weren't coordinating *"at his behest"* that that somehow absolves anyone within the campaign of responsibility or culpability? And that you don't care? (By the way the fact that you have to stipulate that they aren't coordinating with direct orders from Trump himself is quite telling; the goalposts have moved so far it should be embarrassing.)

Beyond the fact that I'm appalled you wouldn't care if a hostile foreign power conducted a widespread campaign of information manipulation within our borders, which **they are continuing to do presently**, how can you claim to know what lines of inquiry Mueller is pursuing when his office has remained silent throughout the investigation thus far? Stop conflating your paranoia of a "deep state coup" with an investigation that has thus far proven itself to be nothing but impeccably above board. 

If you think Trump and his staff are innocent, (the same group of people that are currently running the most powerful nation that has ever existed) then you should feel confident that they can withstand the scrutiny of an honest investigation. If you feel threatened by transparency, what does that say about your appraisal of your own leader?
$C: So Trump lying that he'd seen no evidence of Russian interference and calling the whole probe a witchunt.. you don't care about any of that?
$C: > or screeching about

This is telling.
$C: As far as his facts go, he isn't trying to be a lister of facts; not attempting to be the Encyclopedia Trumpanica.  His style of "conversation" is a scattershot of topics.  Some stick, some don't, and they get people talking and debating (ESPECIALLY if specifics are incorrect).  Missing the forest for the trees, so to speak.

The goal isn't to lecture his followers or detractors, it is to simply shift the overton window.  If you re-frame his statements looking at it that way then it makes infinitely more sense.  This is new territory for a president and it appears to be working pretty well for him.  Every outlet hangs on his every word for every statement, message, tweet, etc.
$C: So... Answer to OP's question is "nothing"... ok.
$C: “And again another display of fake news on Reddit!  Doesn't anyone get tired of these meaningless, ignorant attempts at recognition.”
$C: Other presidents are completely irrelevant. His outright lies are concerning. Can you stop thinking about other presidents for one fucking second and pay attention to the fact that **your president is lying to you and you are blinding yourself to it.**
$C: >  not the fact that Mueller hasn't found anything on him yet

If you have access to all of Muellers files and detailed information of what he has or has not found, do share it with us. Or are you just making shit up to suit your narrative? Mueller may or may not have anything on Trump... But with how very, very shady Don and his companies are, I'm betting he has plenty. I've never believed in 'Collusion', just attempted collusion. But when it comes to lying, cheating, stealing and disreputable and illegal business practices.... I'm sure there's plenty to nail him on for that. Particularly if Cohen flips and reveals all his dirty secrets that a lowlife fixer for a mob boss would know.
$C: Which civic duty are you referring to?
$C: You’re unexperienced.
$C: Well most recently the Butina indictment and affidavit confirm the part about Russia blocking Romney as Secretary of State.

Of course you haven't read those documents, have you?
$C: Its not a matter of how many votes were chamged, its the fact that votes were changed.
$C: I know you're being sarcastic now, but I seriously had to check the comment chain to make sure lol. That's how bad some of the comments and responses on here have been.

At least [one of the golds isn't from a bot](https://i.imgur.com/PX7CcNR.jpg). 
$C: The thing you're missing is why this is coming out **NOW**.  When I first saw this article, I yawned.  I thought that this was already well known.  Maybe I was conflating a few things.  But I could have sworn that this was already public knowledge.

What seems to be new, however, is leaked reports where we get to see the details of what transpired - the actual impressions or assessments of the people who were showing this intel to Trump.

So... why now?

If you back up a few days and pay attention to the events that happened slightly before and then after that queer exhibition of Trump genuflecting before his overlord and master Putin, you get an impression that not only is everyone extraordinarily pissed, but that real actions started to be taken.

Call it mutiny if you want.  But a number of people in the US intelligence community are acting out.  Dan Coats went public with a statement without clearing it from the White House.  NSA and DNI went public with a report declaring they will fight Russia efforts in the future *despite no direction to do so from the President* (they made that point several times).  The White House staff has been working hard to shepherd/guide/control the President into saying the "right" thing or covering up for his nonsense after the fact.  And now the leaks are starting.

YOU may not understand the intel.  But the entire US intelligence community does.  And it seems they've reached a breaking point.

$C: what bitch
$C: ok nice
$C: The education system has failed you.
$C: you can guess anything you like.

how many people were convicted of this supposed "fraud"? you'd think someone would be if your "facts" were actually, well, facts. lol

got an example of a "statistically impossible" vote?
$C: ok but how do you feel about donald trump

"Months before his inaugruation, we saw the DNC commit election fraud."

ok but how do you feel about donald trump

"Months before his inaugruation, we saw the DNC commit election fraud."

okay but how do you f
$C: Too many assumptions to make about either to make a determination either way. 
$C: I mean, these are supremely old politicians, what did you expect? The internet is pretty fucking new and NetSec is even more foreign to those people. 

You don’t think the Trump administration has the same problems? I feel like I’ve already read articles about their shitty tech security practices. 

Regardless, that shit is nowhere near the magnitude of Trump’s current actions and lack of action on Russia. Not even in the same league. 
$C: Oh please, is that what you say when your cult leader calls people names? He called intelligence officers names just today. You alt right racists applaud that shit, quit your bullshit  
$C: I think it is especially pertinent right now with his behavior in Europe and the UK this past week. 
$C: Didn't read the article, eh?

>According to **nearly a dozen people** who either attended the meeting with the president-elect or were later briefed on it, the four primary intelligence officials described the streams of intelligence that convinced them of Mr. Putin’s role in the election interference.

The reporters checked with multiple people who gave them the same information-- which you would term a "leak." For investigative journalism, these are called "on background" sources, those who don't want their names included, but provide quotes or validate others' information. A variant is "on deep background" in which a source may not be identified or quoted in any way.
$C: Obviously siding with democracies is better than siding with dictatorships.
$C: America’s intelligence community knows that Putin was behind it.
$C: Do you even know what communism is? The democratic party isn't even close to communist. Go read the dictionary before you type words on the internet and stop making yourself look like an idiot. 
$C: Oh god no! Not the people of socialist paradise Venezuela! I'm literally shaking with fear right now.
$C: No matter where or from who you get your news, you will have to end up trusting someone or some group at some point. For me, NYT satisfies that threshold of trust. 

> Also, why do people dislike centrists so much? 

Centrists label centrism/left-leaning centrism as leftist (Obama is a great example. He held basically no controversial views yet is viewed as a radical by republicans) while considering the center between liberalism and the far-right to be centrism. 

Basically, the Democrats are much closer to center than the republicans, therefore the center between the two parties is on the right. 
$C: Project a little harder please.
$C: Actually those expelled Russians were just replaced with other Russians.
$C: Keeping reading broooooo
$C: Read the Mueller indictments.

>	And you say Obama couldn’t do anything but then what was trump supposed to do? 

Trump would have bipartisan support if he came out swinging.

>	You probably wanted him to forfeit or something lol

Your words don’t belong in my mouth. 

I want him to cooperate with the investigation and stop with his nonsense. Anything else is up to Congress. 
$C: We care about the lies. Its strange you cant comprehend something so basic.
$C: How about including short instruction in the AutoMod post on how to archive an article? That would render the AutoMod actually useful instead of just being a condescending annoyance.
$C: Your not a serious person and I don't think your genuinely engaging in a fact based argument. Go bait someone else
$C: Seems like a pretty delicate situation. Announcing something like that would probably be pretty detrimental given the timeline. And of course they knew a lot less at that point.   

Just speculating of course but it’s my thoughts on it.


$C: “Can you imagine if the president called a press conference in October, with this fella, Bannon, and company, and said, ‘Tell you what: Russians are trying to interfere in our elections and we have to do something about it,’” Biden said. “What do you think would have happened? Would things have gotten better, or would it further look like we were trying to delegitimize the electoral process, because of our opponent?”
$C: You’re lying. 
$C: Where would you like to me to start?

A year and a half of willful ignorance on your part, not a good look.

You've been this apathetic and lazy thus far, you might as well just wait for the indictments to be unsealed and pretend you knew he was dirty the whole time. 
$C: You guys as in "Americans" ,as in I am not american pointing at the people of the United States 
$C: I don’t think they can put themselves out there yet as it may be career ending, at least in the short term. When an individual wants to come forward with information it is their choice to define the terms of release, not the Times’, many choose to stay anonymous and in this environment I can’t blame them. The NYT is a veteran establishment. They aren’t always nailing it, check out that racist 1914 cocaine fiend stuff... that said. What is the Occam’s razor here? 
$C: Where do you want me to start? 

They hacked the DNC and publicly dumped documents via wikileaks that were bad for Hillary.

They used illegally obtained data on Americans via Cambridge Analytica to create ad campaigns that micro-targeted susceptible voter groups.

Based on the recent Butina indictment it is likely they funneled money through the NRA into presidential and congressional campaigns.

It is likely that they installed one or more people into the Trump campaign that have been compromised. 

That should do it for now. 
$C: Read the article. Or really any article about Trump and Russia. Or just the title, even? 

If you don't understand how this is bad for the US globally, domestically, as a nation, or as a group of individuals you're crazy. 
$C: No problem. I don't know how I personally feel about it but I think it's important to know how limited their voting rights would be. 
$C: Muy bien. 
$C: Sí, es claro. 
$C: > why has nothing happened to Trump?

Because the GOP is complicit. What’s with the cognitive dissonance? Troll-bots keep saying, “yeah, he’s a traitor. But he will get re-elected!” WTF? That’s so dumb.
$C: The formulations of the deep state provided to us by Trump supporters are reliant on even more heavily compromised information. You need to follow the big money; pay more attention to ALEC and its associate corporations. 

They want Trump supporters and Democrats both to see this as a partisan issue and fight each other; the nationalist movement has already been taken over and now serves the same purpose the old GOP did.

They don't want us voting in primaries, especially for candidates that will deal with dark money in politics, or institute real change like ranked-choice voting, widespread decriminilization and reform of the justice system, etc.
$C: His actions and words are that of a guilty man. The evidence of a conspiracy continues to add up as the days go by. Meanwhile he continues to lie, obstruct justice, and tries to end the investigation.   
$C: You’re lying. Here, proof.

[Inside story: How Russians hacked the Democrats’ emails](https://www.apnews.com/dea73efc01594839957c3c9a6c962b8a)

Read and magically become smarter.
$C: Sure. You found a report stating no "organophosphorous nerve agents " agents were not detected in two particular sites in 2016..  

Here are 2 other reports from same agency, finding [Chlorine chemical attack](https://www.opcw.org/news/article/opcw-fact-finding-mission-confirms-likely-use-of-chlorine-in-saraqib-syria/)  and [Sarin gas attack](https://www.opcw.org/news/article/opcw-confirms-use-of-sarin-and-chlorine-in-ltamenah-syria-on-24-and-25-march-2017/)
$C: No that's not what I implied at all.  You're not a great reader.  Mitch McConnell blocked the Obama administration from letting the public know about the Russian interference saying the GOP would consider it an improper partisan act.  
$C: Naw. Trumps about to go. JFK style. He shit talked the big bad CIA. That's a big no no over here bro. They're like your KGB, just 10 times more powerful. It's over for him. He won't ever see it coming either. Pence will play along. They all have since Kennedy. Kennedy was seen to be soft on commie scum. And well.... It didn't go so well for him. 
$C: Is this like the new photo of Hillary next to Byrd?
$C: It's almost as if you are repeating everything Trumps has said in his defence since the summit. You also seem to be ignoring the part where he clearly sided with Putin against multiple American intelligence agencies and refuses to say anything negative against him. As for being tougher on Russia, the last administration passed The Magnitsky Act. Putin even brought it up indirectly at the summit.
$C: Oh so that explains firing Comey
$C: And now you’re bitching about protestors?
$C: I am okay with treason holding the death penalty. 
$C: You bet your ass I am.  

What did Russia reveal?  Funnily enough, nothing, really.  Their sweeping propaganda campaign filled with lies and the constant promise of releasing the next "damming piece of email they have against Clinton/Podesta" week by week entirely eroded the trust of the population in the democratic candidate. This was reinforced, encouraged and doubled-down on by Trump daily.  All of the people I know who voted for Trump did so not because he was a better candidate but because they thought Hillary was innately corrupt, and now they categorically see they were duped and regret it.  Sounds like you're finally admitting Clinton did nothing illegal, though, so that's a breath of fresh air.  Thanks for finally coming around!

These actions were at the same time traitorous by Trump in his fervor to bury Clinton and an invasion and attack on our Democracy by the Russians who both hacked our institutions and infiltrated social media to enact a propaganda movement against ONE candidate. That you seem okay with it just because your guy won is super telling and, frankly, fucking disgusting.  Keep bending the knee to your weak leader while he--in a show of even greater weakness--throws the Intelligence Community and a majority of the American people under the bus on the world stage in front of his favorite Autocrat.  Pathetic, really.

Clinton/DNC subverted? Lol, keep trying and buying the Russian propaganda. You're probably all for giving our former ambassadors over to Putin so he can "interrogate" them for this made up farce.  It's a fucking shock that you can defend this shit.
$C: I think it’s so they can be informed on stuff day one and have some time to form a plan based on all the classified stuff. I mean he’s gonna he the president anyway so it doesn’t actually matter too much I guess.
$C: Meh.  I doubt humanity gets to die so easily.  We've kinda earned it being slow and painful.
$C: No problem. 
$C: The New York Times is one of the few truly respected large news organizations in our country and for good reason. News is truth, and that's what they report. 
$C: Yes moron, that’s when we’ll *all* make our fucking decisions on this matter.  In the meantime, Donald Trump’s actions are completely in line with the actions of a person who has been compromised by a foreign power.
$C: Have you read the article? Have you been paying attention for the last 2 years? Clearly not. 
$C: You'll have to be more specific about which cyberattack. Are you talking about the hacking of the DNC? Or the illegal data collection that was used to disseminate micro-targeting propaganda? 
$C: That I wouldn't know lol. But in way of succession I guess so.

Or I could just be spouting nonsense, but I'm pretty sure I read it somewhere
$C: They are directly quoted. 
$C: Because Trump and Russia are using psychological warfare (hybrid warfare/active measures) to brainwash Americans.
$C: Because they're a different country who stole emails. That's a cyber attack 
$C: tools? i'm just here to laugh at stupid posts like yours.
$C: Look at the sad little victim.
$C: what more do you want? I think a foreign country that is opposed to our goals, hacking our computer systems is a bad thing, dont you?
$C: They accessed voter information, presumably for more targeted disinformation attacks. They attempted to access our voting systems, but were unsuccessful.

The fact that they tried is enough to make them a real threat. They may not have succeeded in directly altering vote totals, but there's no guarantee they won't next time. Especially considering our own President is ignoring the situation, rather than making security of these systems a top priority.

They didn't just post lies about Hilary, they also deliberately downplayed and concealed negative information about Trump. They inundated social media with false allegations, conspiracy theories, and good ol' fake news. Even rational, educated people will start to believe disinformation if it is repeated often enough.
$C: I'm not sure what your point is. Mueller hasn't even made his way to the Kushners yet, much less Trump, his sons, and his closest advisors. It's understandable that given the amount of charges that hes already had to bring against Trump officials that he has not yet set his sights on the Presidents actions - he's constantly having to hire more prosecutors so the investigation keeps moving forward other than being tied up with those who have already been indicted
$C: Its like you didn't even read what I wrote. President Elects receive briefings about national security and intelligence before they are sworn-in. You denied this in your first post and said the news article was fake because it would have been impossible for Trump to receive such briefings before his inauguration. You are now attempting to pivot off your original moronic statement and having been proven wrong. 

Trump being shown prior to his inauguration irrefutable proof by the collective federal Law Enforcement and Intelligence apparatus that Russia hacked the 2016 election is immensely important because his entire position from his first day in office was that there was no hacking and then that he didn't know about it and then that he knew about it but it wasn't the Russians. 

All of this matters. 
$C: A source says imthescubakid diddles kids. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: WHAT? Did you not live through trollection 2016 where all the trolls voted for trump? You are delusional. 
$C: The Donkey.

When the donkey makes a play, it is the play the donkey and the people they represent wanted. When the elephant makes a play, its the play the bear told him to make. Otherwise the bear will release a pee pee tape of the elephant and won't fund it's golf course. 

The Bear is actually a KGB operative and the elephant is actually a potato.

$C: So you think this is a game, then. 
$C: https://www.cbsnews.com/news/why-do-presidential-nominees-receive-classified-briefings/
$C: The word you are looking for is conspired. And yes, he did. And you're right, these people aren't particularly smart, which is just kind of why they've been caught.  
$C: This is an article about Russia. That's why I'm talking about Russia's attack on our energy grid. 
$C: Glad you agree with me.
$C: [removed]
$C: Rushin to Trump's side because we're Putin him in deep shit
$C: We have the benefit of hindsight. Obama was always cautious and measured in what he did, sometimes to a fault. There were absolutely things he should have pushed harder for, and this may have been one of them. But imagine the reaction on the right; it would have looked like Obama was trying to sabotage Trump. That would not have gone down well. But Trump had the same info as well, and not only did he not act on it, he has actively blocked it from emerging and lied about it.
$C: Bah ha ha. You're special.
$C: Probably. He blames everything on Obama.
$C: a_baseless_comment from a_groundless_road.
$C: I’m more worried about a foreign government infiltrating the highest offices of our government personally. 
$C: Don’t mention it.  We’re impeaching him for...reasons...that are in the Constitution...somewhere.  Probably next to where it says 2A is limited to muskets.  Not sure exactly where, but it’s there.  Trust me.  Nobody is more trustworthy than John Brennan and James Clapper.  Impeccable credibility, everyone knows it.
$C: I do get what you're saying, I would agree that the political wounds need to be healed between the parties and what have you. We need to work together, however, I believe we need a better leader to make that happen. Imo, the North Korea and South Korea thing would have happened no matter who was president at the time, tensions built up over so many years and it hit a point that someone had to step in and the outcome would have likely been the same. Anyway, I'm not trying to argue... I just hit a point in reading stuff that I kind of blew up randomly. Lol. Hope you have a good day/night wherever you are but I have to get off to bed for work.
$C: Facebook was just one way they gathered data about us and catered to what we needed to hear to be convinced. Trump made his wall a huge part of his platform. That was because the data showed (think groups like Cambridge Analytica used by politicians) that in key areas that would help him get elected. Certain phrasing was used. YouTube, Google- they all sort that stuff for them. Friends and acquaintances in real life were effected by it. They cast wide nets that lead back to the same conclusion. 
$C: and yet you missed the major points of the story.

did you get hit on the head since you went to school? I feel sorry for your loss. :)
$C: Sure you do pal.
$C: >  the content of the emails which showed a constant and habitual  disregard for the will of the voters by DNC officials and a clear bias  towards Clinton 

The DNC is a private corporation, not a branch of the government, and not subject to Judicial oversight for their shenanigans during the election.

It sucks to be sure but that was the ruling.
$C: you're ironically bringing up the issue of "buttery males" a term coined to mock those who have to drudge up that particular issue, even when it's out of place, because they can't argue what's actually being discussed, to respond to someone who made no mention of the fact that Clinton belongs in jail. 
$C: I'm just saying you're views of her have to be more than extreme to think she is worse than a president who commits high treason like it's nothing. 
$C: Bots like you want to destroy people’s self respect.
$C: not sure who YOU are talking about, but "fair and square" is valid if you include the benefit of russian interference helping trump. :)

so many sheep can't accept that putin helped trump.
$C: Yes, an Aussie Russian...

It's on your Dota2 tag. 
$C: It's sad though cause I'm not even joking
$C: What? No. I don’t remember Trump saying that. Do you mean Romney back in 2012 saying that Russia was a threat and Obama saying that they weren’t? In 2012, they didn’t appear to be. That had nothing to do with meddling. 

I think you may have dreamed something and are mistaking it for waking life. 
$C: No I realize people were buying them of their own free will, you think that shit grew on a meme tree? All the voters on the right had a simultaneous idea to say that stuff? Someone created it and artificially injected it into the culture, or at least all of the US and allied intel agencies are saying they did under oath in front of congress. 

I’m sure Russia WAS behind some of the anti-Trump stuff, but he won so we aren’t hearing about which mechanisms Putin used to successfully sway voters into electing Clinton. But we ARE seeing known GRU twitter accounts primarily pushing #walkaway at folks on the right. Trying to convince them that Trump has the mid term so far in the bag that they don’t even need to vote, the frustrated left will elect GOP to congress for them. You can see it working in the responses too, “more liberal outrage, I’ll laugh as you rage yourself into a landslide loss in November”. Russia just doesn’t understand that the right aren’t as susceptible to voter apathy.

I’m not going to entertain the age or education jabs, if you can’t put effort into your argument there is no point in me putting effort in a response.

Essentially the rights rebuke of the Russia scandal is “but advertising and messaging doesn’t actually work”.

Sure it doesn’t. Corporations spend billions on shit that does nothing, for fun.



$C: Ryan. Except he is likely complicit and would be gone as well. Plus he was planning on retiring (how convenient). After that it is Hatch, who is also planning on retiring. So we'll have to wait and see!
$C: The meddling was going on in the form of spreading misinformation on social media like Facebook and Twitter. Ads on Facebook would have negative information against Hilary and also lies about Trump like he'd been endorsed by the pope. They were also responsible for forming certain grassroots movements that sowed division among voters.
$C: Afawk they did not "change" votes, but they did hack into voter databases in over a dozen states.
$C: You can’t be this stupid.
$C: I appreciate your hard work in doing all of that research. But here is my response to Obama not doing anything:







Obama didn't act on it because he didn't want to be seen as tampering with the election himself, or unfairly influencing it. He put his trust in the American people to do the right thing, and America failed him. 

https://www.npr.org/2018/07/15/629281975/fact-check-did-the-obama-administration-respond-to-election-interference-by-russ









https://www.washingtonexaminer.com/news/obamas-cybersecurity-coordinator-confirms-susan-rice-ordered-stand-down-russian-meddling-2016-election








https://www.yahoo.com/news/obama-cyber-chief-confirms-stand-order-russian-cyberattacks-summer-2016-204935758.html











Directly from the article:

Instead, Obama officials chose another course of action after becoming frustrated that Republican leaders on Capitol Hill would not endorse a bipartisan statement condemning Russian interference and fearful that any unilateral action by them would feed then candidate Donald Trump’s claims that the election was rigged. They chose a private “stern” warning by Obama to Russian President Vladimir Putin at a summit in China in early September 2016 to stop his country’s campaign to disrupt the U.S. election.

He tried to do something about it, but received no support and knew how it would look considering trump had already started spouting that the elections were rigged. 
$C: He has the lawful obligation to report it for starters. 

If Mexico worked with an American candidate for office and did so with that candidate's request or his knowledge that candidate would indeed be criminally liable and open to impeachment and prosecution. 
$C: >	So say even hypothetically he knew they were trying to help him when he was a candidate, and not at his instruction, does he have the ability to stop them?

But he could report it. Or condemn it. Or not lie about it every step of the way. If he didn’t obstruct justice, he could still be impeached for his complete and utter apathy towards the law. 

>	Is someone helping you that you’re not instructing to help a crime?

Depends on what you do with that information. If Trump knew when he stood up and said Russia should find Clinton’s 33,000 emails, then that is clearly instruction. 

>	If the Government of Mexico decided to back a Democratic candidate, does that make the Democrat responsible for colluding with Mexico and impeachable?

Depends on the nature of the backing and the knowledge/actions of the candidate, just as it does here.

Also, Congress can impeach for any reason it deems fit. If the Congress sees collusion as a problem, it can vote to impeach. 

Coming back to the situation at hand, it is possible that Trump didn’t directly collude but that someone in his campaign didn’t. If that happened, he bears some responsibility as head of the campaign.
$C: The point is that Trump consciously worked with a foreign power to get elected. Whether the foreign power's contributions affected the end result is irrelevant. The intent is what matters. Also since Trump did manage to get elected his working with an enemy of the US is just kind of sort of an ongoing problem of epic proportions, as either he is deliberately choosing to work with Russia for his own personal gain or he is at the mercy of Russia because they have something on him. HINT: it is both of these things. Either way the executive branch (and perhaps the other ones) of our government is not currently working with America's best interest in mind. 

There is a very very large difference between a foreign power meddling in an election and a foreign power meddling in an election at the request of a candidate, or with that candidate's knowledge. 
$C: The most obvious clue is you said both sides were hacked.

So why the fuck is it that only one side was ever attacked?

Hint:  The other immediately rolled over to the blackmail.
$C: Yes.
$C: 
>https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2012_Benghazi_attack

>Despite persistent accusations against President Obama, Hillary Clinton, and Susan Rice, ten investigations — six by Republican-controlled congressional committees — did not find that they or any other high-ranking Obama administration officials had acted improperly. 
$C: These are entirely different things. As one of our most patriotic presidents said, and I quote, “Apples and Oranges”.
$C: Well he’s not in charge now. And the person in charge is doing literally nothing. You can criticize Obama all you want, but the, boo hoo, Obama only imposed sanctions and expelled 16 diplomats and maybe other things but the current president is buddy-buddy and removed sanctions and woos Putin all day. How could Obama not do more ? All his fault. 
$C: So trump’s lies to get what he needs. He’s not doing it for us. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: You believe his bullshit about the economy?  Here  are some real facts to counter Trump's misinformation and flat out lies about the economy.  "Donald Trump has gotten some well-deserved ridicule his boasts about the "amazing" economy. While the 4.1 percent growth figure reported for the second quarter is impressive, it is hardly qualifies as amazing. There were three quarters in the Obama years with faster growth. Going back before the Great Recession there were many quarters with much more rapid growth. My favorite is the second quarter of 1978, back when Jimmy Carter was president, and the economy grew at a 16.4 percent rate."  http://cepr.net/blogs/beat-the-press/quick-thoughts-on-trump-s-amazing-economy You said: "By the way why hasn't he been impeached by now?" You are seriously asking this question? This proves even further you are brainwashed beyond help. Clue one. Republicans control both houses in Congress. They have obstructed the investigation from the start. If you don't see that then you are blind. Or, more likely, you don't care. Clue two. Congress won't do anything to upset Trump's agenda. He can lie, steal, cheat to his heart's desire but Congress wont do anything. He does it everyday, out in the open, blatantly, rubbing it the majorities face because he knows the Republican controlled Congress has his back. Check your history. Nothing like this has ever happend in US political history. But you are too enamored with your God and savior to care. Let me guess, you are a Christian and approve of his misogyny, sexism, racism, bullying, habitual lying, extreme narcissism, and white nationalism? Right?  Whatever moral and ethical high ground you once claimed is obligated with your support for this con man. No one may ever know if Russian meddling help get him elected or if he colluded to help himself get elected. It may never be proved one way or the other. Because of that, he will always be known as an illegitimate president. That tears him apart! He will always be the asterisk President. Everytime his name is mentioned in the history books it will appear like this. President Donald Trump*. * May or may not have been legitimately elected. 
$C: Oh, nothing can be done, most of us don't have enough money to make a dent. We have protested, more than most of the history of protesting, but it's ignored.












Everything is bought now, and will be. Cheeto was the start of it.
$C: Umm... but I'm not a TD user
$C: Why do you seem to think we weren't?
$C: YouTube is not an "actual source.."
$C: Why are pretending to be then? Nice day in Russia is it?
$C: Do you live under a rock? 
$C: Yeah I thought so
$C: Only in your insane mind.
$C: All current evidence points to that. The investigation into it has to be allowed to reach its conclusion. Your argument was that any potential conspiracy is irrelevant because he would have been elected anyway regardless of Russian involvement. That is false as it remains relevant because again if the conspiracy is true then he is compromised.
$C: I also take pride in easily accomplished tasks. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: [removed]
$C: Nah. Buzz off. Your claims and ideas are uninteresting, old, and not really relevant. Every time you mention the emails in regards to new Trump news, you make it one little bit moreso. 
$C: "Obama made this up so Hillary would win"
$C: > they'll find the Russian collusion soon

Jr already released his emails admitting it
$C: I'm always suspicious of these low activity accounts that suddenly show up to push bullshit on major news stories relating to Russia.
$C: That's not a spy. 

That's an informant. 
$C: No president before Trump has ever lied to you about working with a foreign power to rig his own election. Nice attempt at simpleton-like deflection. 

LMAO
$C: You are actually arguing we should not hold presidents accountable for lying to us?  

Holy fuck America has fallen further than I thought. I thought you people actually pretended to care about integrity.
$C: Okay you get one from me for that lol. 
$C: > a few Facebook ads

There. You’re a liar.
$C: Yes, the director of the CIA is a credible source. 
$C: Yeah, but you can only work with what you're given.
$C: hashtags dont work here old man
$C: My reply should be easy to understand to a native English speaker. Why is your post history full of spam?
$C: Yep and Custer was fine until that first arrow hit him.  Wait for it.  
$C: You can’t really prove the stupidity of someone because even a genius can do stupid things but an idiot can’t do smart things. I’ve never heard or read Trump say a single thing of any depth, reflection or insight. All I’ve read about his business suggest he had no real talent as a businessman rather he runs business to the ground and stays afloat through his utter lack of morals, stiffing people, con-jobs and most likely money laundering, lies and deceit.

Trump did not do shit for the American economy. He piggy backed on growth started by Obama. To judge performance you need to compare with the rest of the world. The rest of the world has strong economic growth, so it is a world trend and has nothing to do with Trump. Obama in contrast managed to buck the world trend and recover the economy faster than most other countries.
$C: How is this AP article not true? You’re lying.
$C: Sorry. Not how the game is played. Their names are in the indictment. Waive your jingly keys somewhere else. 
$C: Is someone paying you to spread propaganda?
$C: [Oh he’s fixing it alright. All of it. And oh how sweet it is.](https://i.imgur.com/dvouKK6.jpg) 



https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/8zwtm8/trump_has_52_million_followers_on_twitter_and_we/
$C: There was so much of it coming from Sputnik and RT it's hard to catalog.
$C: https://news.vice.com/article/the-cia-just-declassified-the-document-that-supposedly-justified-the-iraq-invasion
$C: There is no equivalence. How many indictments from the various investigations into Hillary? How many are we up to in the Russia investigation? 20+?

Of course be skeptical of everything you read but not to the point where everything is so black and white. This Russia investigation is a defining moment in American politics and it will possibly be the single largest investigation in American history. This is a very serious thing for American democracy and it isn't a simple matter of one party being worse than the other.

The stakes are very high here and every American who loves their country should be very concerned with the idea that foreign agents and money might have had an impact on American affairs. It's deeply disturbing.

This isn't a partisan issue. It is actually an existential threat for American democracy.
$C: Yeah, that's very, very bad.
$C: what obama did or didn't do with respect to russia has nothing to do with what trump does with russia. duh.

you prove you have Low Intelligence Syndrome. :)
$C: why are republicans complaining about trump and putin..do they, too, have "trump derangement syndrome"? no? hahahahahaha

you're so amusing.
$C: None of this helps me understand why you believe a foreign country should select the president of the USA.

It also makes me seriously doubt your reasoning when you mention the USA should have good relations with a country whose best interests and actions of the past 50 years are in undermining American democracy and well being.
$C: Read the Butina indictment.
$C: Have you not been listening to what Trump has been proclaiming for the last two years? We have a president that has been lying in order to tear down his opponents and disparage and weaken our intelligence agencies for his benefit. He has lied and tried to stymie any investigations or questions or hints about any knowledge. His actions have shown him unfit to represent me, or anyone else in this nation. I think the election votes will be the last thing people are talking about from this in the end. 
$C: Sounds fine to me. Everything was fine under Obama.
$C: [Yes?](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trump_campaign%E2%80%93Russian_meetings#Trump_Tower_meeting)
$C: Yup. 
$C: Maybe that’s what they did, they just told him 
$C: Who said anything about Obama? Grasping for straws makes you look pathetic.
$C: Why is it that you guys *never* mention that Sanders's campaign manager openly admitted he was offered the debate questions too?  It was not an attempt to make Hillary look better.  It was an attempt to make Democrats looks better.  Which she still should not have done in her capacity at that job for CNN, but is perfectly understandable as an agent of the DNC.

But meh, I don't expect you to actually acknowledge anything that break the propaganda you swallowed.
$C: I mean he could have tried to pre-emptively arrested members of the Trump campaign for their role in colluding with an enemy of the US. Is that what you would have wanted?
$C: Except trying to get congress to sign an action condemning these actions, stopped by McConnell. 
$C: That’s not what this article is about...
$C: Offended by action movies like John Wick...now I know you're trolling.

People with common sense don't hate Russian citizens because of fucking action movies. Give me a break. 
$C: > The head of the DNC gave Hilary questions ahead of time before debates on CNN.

Hillary got a heads up about a question concerning water in Flint Michigan. omg. That’s such a stupid thing for you to exaggerate and basically lie about. 
$C: They certainly tried to do that and spent a lot of money on it. Putin was personally involved. This is coming from our top intelligence officials. 
Trump knew about this and has done nothing but side with Putin over our justice department. Whether the election was affected or not he is a traitor to our country. 
$C: http://lmgtfy.com/?q=american+unemployment+rate

http://lmgtfy.com/?q=united+states+of+america+gross+domestic+product

http://lmgtfy.com/?q=united+states+of+america+gdp+per+capita

Literally can't even do the SLIGHTEST bit of research yourself? PLEASE shut the fuck up on topics you don't know anything about, because you just add to the god damn noise. Stating "Trump is doing well because the American economy is growing" is like saying "Trump is doing well because the Sun came up this morning." So sick of seeing foreign conservatives voice their bullshit uninformed opinion on matters which don't even affect them. 
$C: It hasn't been released now, has it? We've been told the gist of what's in it, but I don't think the actual report was released. I imagine it wasn't Putin's involvement that made it so classified but rather how they gathered that intel and who gave it to them. This is a big deal because it confirms Trump knew about Putin's involvement, but Putin's involvement in itself is no big secret. I think that's pretty much what everyone assumed was the case anyway.
$C: illegal acts? and yet the republican controlled DOJ hasn't charged her. odd isnt it?
$C: You’re lying.

[Inside story: How Russians hacked the Democrats’ emails](https://www.apnews.com/dea73efc01594839957c3c9a6c962b8a)

I like how you conflate Hillary’s personal emails with the DNC’s emails. It really shows you have no clue what you’re talking about. But what really matters is how confusing and deceitful you are, right?
$C: [deleted]
$C: [deleted]
$C: Five bucks says this guys never seen Idiocracy.
$C: This is a laughably wrong statement. Have you seen the movie? 
$C: > You do know it’s been Proven the dossier is a fake right? Like that’s a known fact.

Lie.
$C: “Known fact” means a lot less these days than it used to. How do you know _you’re_ not being lied to but everyone else is? Cause you’re smarter, right? Read the right sources? More discerning of facts vs opinion? Yeah will so is everyone else. God this shit is out of control. 
$C: That’s not a known fact.
$C: "Please keep listening to me", he cried, from his bubble of shame. "I'm right. I know I'm right. Please, please! I'm the only person you can trust!" He said, sitting on a mountain of lies. 

But the people persisted.
$C: "Took me 5 seconds to find" hahahaha now ain't this the epitome of every fucking conservative? Hahaa.









Fyi, do research on what you're googling BEFORE posting it as truth. 










Fuck you're dumb.
$C: So basically you only see what you want to see. I can only lead you to water, I can’t make you drink it. I think if there is collusion that it will take time to gather facts and evidence to support that charge. If you’re so certain Trump is innocent then you should be looking forward to Muller’s conclusions because they will exonerate Trump once and for all, right? 
$C: trump didn't suck off Putin because he loves him. He sucked off Putin because the president of russia owns him like his bitch. see the difference?

$C: And **the Obama administration also tried to ask leaders in Congress of both parties to sign a statement condemning these foreign efforts.** The Democratic leaders agreed to do so. The Republican speaker, Paul Ryan, apparently thought that he could get there, **but the majority leader in the Senate, Mitch McConnell, did not agree to do that.** And so, ultimately, there was no public statement until October of 2016, by which time, with the view of history, it may have been too late to do anything about it.

https://www.npr.org/2018/07/15/629281975/fact-check-did-the-obama-administration-respond-to-election-interference-by-russ
$C: Barack Obama tried to make a joint statement with the intelligence community and the heads of the Republican Party, and Mitch McConnell said no. Stop lying. 
$C: I still stand by, “Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free...”

The vast majority of immigrants that come to America, legal or illegal, do so to make a better life for themselves. They are hardworking, decent folks who deserve our respect for what they have endured in getting here, and what they do for our society. 

We ostracize them because of the crimes of a few, then accuse them of insulating themselves. We accuse them of stealing our jobs, but without them our crops would wither in the fields. We call them lazy, yet most are working multiple jobs so they can take care of their families both here and in their home country. 

America is better when we accept new blood, new ideas, and new cultures. 
$C: >  I'm not even American

oh we know
$C: Why dont you read any of the 20 plus indictments filed against Russian Nationals?
$C: You’re the one acting like a slave.
$C: *Sigh.*

You're kind of embarrassing, aren't you? 
$C: Sure you do, since you’re a regular on T_D and think that Info Wars is a legitimate news site.
$C: I'm sorry Obama's not president, too. 
$C: 1) The *New York Times* isn't a magazine. It's a newspaper; one of the most reputable newspapers in the US. *Time* is a magazine, as is *The New Yorker* and *New York* magazines. Perhaps you were thinking of one of those?

2) News reporting, from a responsible news agency, following [journalistic standards](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Journalism_ethics_and_standards) doesn't require their investigative articles to be backed up by "other sources." When a newspaper puts its reputation on the line publishing a piece like this, the editors and fact checkers have backed up the story.

After the [Jayson Blair Scandal](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jayson_Blair) in 2003, in which a bipolar reporter plagiarized articles and fabricated quotes, careers were ended, including that of *Times* Managing Editor, Gerald Boyd. You can be sure that with this high-profile of a piece, many, many eyes have been responsible for putting it together, and validating its information.
$C: Fox News reported on it, citing this exact article. 
$C: Right? It's almost as if some certain group of people allowed Trump to take office because they can't be bothered to read
$C: Not sure if you were trolling. If you weren't I apologize. But it is false that NY Times reported Obama wiretapped Trump Tower. 
$C: Independent? From what, information?
$C: See, anyone can say it. 
$C: That was actually then Secretary of State Colin Powell. 
$C: The media in the US is massively polarised and skewed. That’s not helped by the two party system, but there are more balanced news sources. Whether an individual takes note of that and uses it it up to them – just as whether an individual votes for a party that is better for them, or better for their country’s inhabitants is *also* up to them.

Writing the whole system off is not a solution. The system isn’t perfect by any means, and politics is always going to be a game of pissing off as fewer people as is humanly possible, whilst trying to change things for the better. That’s diplomacy in a nutshell.

Throwing your hands up and saying ‘it’s not my fault, it’s the media’ is passing the buck, IMO.
*Everyone* in a democracy has a vested interest on making themselves heard, and participating in the political process. Refusal to do so only makes things worse. 
$C: Have fun 
$C: > All you people have all this hatred for Trump for absolutely no reason.

*checks* uh no I have plenty of reasons
$C: That was Mitch McConnell's doing. 

>And the Obama administration also tried to ask leaders in Congress of both parties to sign a statement condemning these foreign efforts. The Democratic leaders agreed to do so. The Republican speaker, Paul Ryan, apparently thought that he could get there, but the majority leader in the Senate, Mitch McConnell, did not agree to do that. And so, ultimately, there was no public statement until October of 2016, by which time, with the view of history, it may have been too late to do anything about it.

https://www.npr.org/2018/07/15/629281975/fact-check-did-the-obama-administration-respond-to-election-interference-by-russ
$C: ew.
$C: >She gave you the ole donald-a-roo.

She grabbed him by the pussy?
$C: Somebody link it
$C: Well at least, I wouldn't not cheat on you.
$C: Example of the circular logic fallacy?
$C: Any room for me in here? Only sorry when they get caught.
$C: Haha, remember that time we slowly witnessed the collapse of democracy? Classic. 
$C: You didn't like the 2016 movie?  I didnt realize misogyny was so prevalent on Reddit.  I'm literally shaking right now.
$C: Slimer keeps me warm at night
$C: Any good cases where this happened that we could read about. 
$C: "deep state/nwo"

Oh... You're a looney toon that will never be convinced, I see.

Move along people. This one is busted
$C: If you want to be that level of skeptical you have to also ask yourself whether to believe Putin's denial. What proof do you have that he's telling the truth?
$C: [deleted]
$C: If there was a universal citizen's ID that was free and easy to obtain I think all Democrats would be for it. If it costs $200 and you have to travel halfway across your state and wait in line for 4 hours, no.

Democrats don't need illegal voters, they just need Republicans not to suppress the legal Democratic voters. The tides of demographics and public opinion are against you. Young people are increasingly less racist and homophobic. There are lots of legal citizen non-white people having babies, and since Republicans rely on racism to get out the vote, guess what, you alienated a significant portion of the population. We will upset the gerrymandering and shine a light on voter obstruction, and destroy the hegemony of the frightened old white conservatives. The tide is inexorable.

The vacuum in Iraq was caused by Cheney and Rumsfeld blowing the shit out of it and refusing to take the State Department's advice on rebuilding. Instead they let ethnic cleansing go on and let Saddam Hussein's Baathist guys run amok (instead of either imprisoning them forever, or getting them invested in a new political system).
$C: I think you're right. SO MANY people today are just naive enough to believe whatever bullshit they read on Facebook of all places. I think people of the future are going to be more experienced and shrewd than to fall for that.
$C: As long as there are still cute fluffers and memes. 
$C: This is way too optimistic. People can pretty much agree across the board that car crashes are bad. 

People will not so easily agree what is real and what is not biased news and information. I think the situation was pretty good in the 80s and prior but now, 40% of the US public is absolutely convinced that everything is equally biased or that everything but right media is liberal or left wing. 

The Internet also allows for foreign countries and nefarious groups to unleash a disinformation onslaught to global and regional audiences unlike anything they have previously been able to do. 
$C: Which is why, no matter how much criticism I take for it, I will continue to say that this was the preferable timeline going forward from 2016. Americans don't do subtle. Trump's misinformation needed to be *this* blatant for even 60-70% of the population to believe it was false. 4 years of Clinton, with Trump (whose credibility was never shattered by the scrutiny of the presidency) blasting her on his own Fox News show with an unchecked daily barrage of misinformation, would have led to a *sane* republican dictator in 2020. Now though, we will refer back to "The Trump Era" as a learning moment, and the country can grow. Growth requires growing pains.
$C: You're wrong.

Anyone but the craziest of crazy would agree that crashing cars is bad, not everyone is going to agree about what disinformation actually is. The whole issue now is far far far more complicated. Anyone can see when a car has not been damaged, who can see when journalism has been rigorously and concretely examined for faults? Who decides when too much bias news is coming from one source that is supposed to be 
'neutral'? Even definitions of fair vary from person to person.

Youre making an analogy comparing relatively ''straightforward'' engineering physics, and philosophy and saying they can be fixed in the same way.

edit: spelling.
$C: Damn. That’s actually a really brilliant analogy. I wish I could give you gold.
$C: I wish someone would write a readable book on the topic. I tried to find material on the need for society and laws to catch up with the Internet a decade ago, because I’m old and a retired technologist. 

The books out there are scholarly and dull as mud. This misinformation age was predictable when blogs became “news” sources and Facebook and Twitter became popular ways for people to broadcast their ill-informed positions to friends and associates. 

A good story teller could really engage people with the old style Wild West Internet’s academic past, with porn!, to the white-collar world, and into the hands of social media billionaire founders determined to get their product into the hands of every last soul down to each Bedouin wandering the desert. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: This is the first metaphor for our time that gives me optimism.  

Ever sense the election and the rise of the Troll Right, who's seeming goal is to only sow distrust and chaos, I've felt that democracy is done for.  How can a government system so dependent on the freeflow of truthful information survive not just a People who are misinformed but an entire class of people that revel in that misinforming?  I've honestly thought we are on the downward slope of democracy for humanity.  

Thank you.
$C: I'm not a history major, but I was thinking it's more like the industrial age and labor laws than car safety. 
$C: What I don’t get is why the US security apparatus has failed so catastrophically to predict, detect, or prevent this from happening for such a long time.

Don’t they have any think-tanks that run varios war scenarios and check the system for vulnerabilities? 

And let’s say they’ve missed that, fine. What about at least noticing that Russia is influencing various groups and organisations inside US right under their nose? Russia has been doing this at least since 2014, if not earlier.

And once they did detect it, why didn’t they prioritise it as something extremely important and dangerous, and force the two parties to work together to defend against it, while there still was some time?

[Read this article,](https://www.politico.com/story/2017/08/14/obama-russia-election-interference-241547) for example. It’s not just D. Trump to blame, not even only the Republican party. Obama and his administration have also failed to prevent this while they still had the chance and had the power. The various intelligence branches have failed to anticipate this, and then counter Russian influence when they became aware of it. It’s an entire chain of points of failure, and on each step, they failed to do what was required of them to prevent for the situation to deteriorate to the point we are seeing today. 

Add also the continous warning from Netherlands and some other countries, and it seems like an active, systematic act of subterfuge by the entire US government, *against* the US itself.

* https://nltimes.nl/2017/03/02/netherlands-warned-us-contacts-russia-trump-report
* https://www.volkskrant.nl/wetenschap/dutch-agencies-provide-crucial-intel-about-russia-s-interference-in-us-elections~b4f8111b/
* https://www.computing.co.uk/ctg/news/3025346/dutch-intelligence-warned-us-about-apt29-russian-hackers-claims-report
$C: So what you're suggesting is that censorship makes as much sense as seatbelts?
$C: Wow, great way of looking at it, I've never considered this! I knew that we haven't really grasped 'the internet' with our human brains but this makes a lot of sense! Interesting to be living through it right now. 
$C: That’s so well put 
$C: Well said, I'm sure this will be the case. The watershed moment for bullshit, lies and absolute fantasy in public office.
$C: You make it sound like what is happening in the us with trump (and in russia with putin) is normal.

You're not correct.
$C: When you're a star.....
$C: I still can’t believe it’s not butter 
$C: On the bright side of that. The internet has gained technology and viewership world wide far faster than cars did. It stands to reason we will sooner rather than later have a handle on this. 
$C: The good part about history repeating itself?
$C: > Misinformation is the car crashes of the internet and we are at a time when we accept that access to information will naturally come with access to misinformation and scams. One day we will mitigate and regulate misinformation.

The really annoying thing is that *we have already gone through this a few times before*, with the various major advances in printing and communications (Gutenberg, Bell, etc.) and apparently learned nothing from it.
$C: I am fascinated to see what kind of safety features we enact to protect against misinformation.
$C: This guy thinks
$C: This is the single best analogy I've heard. 
$C: Very well said. 
$C: I've heard that Pakistan is having huge disinformation issues now that YouTube launched there recently, like witch doctor type stuff.  This is a global issue. 
$C: I hope you're right, but I can't help thinking that spreading misinformation helps the interests of many people in power who want to spread propaganda. That may hinder any revolution
$C: The impact widespread misinformation can have on society on a whole is arguably much greater though. Hopefully we'll sort it out.
$C: Cars are still not death proof. I don't think the internet can avoid spreading disinformation no matter what we do.
$C: It's weaponized postmodernism. 

It's taking the idea of "think for yourself, don't believe everything the authorities tell you" - a good sentiment in reasonable amounts - and turning it into a dialing it up to a chaotic and dangerous degree. 

It's directing this weaponized idea at the foundations of Western Liberal Democracy: the independent media, the scientific community, the sanctity of elections, the idea of unbiased truth, the independence of the judiciary.

It's saying that ultimately the only thing that matters is what you want to believe and the strength and force to make it reality. It is, simply, a recipe for tribalism and civilizational collapse.
$C: This will be lost, but you're talking about **DIS**INFORMATION. **MIS**INFORMATION is something different. Misinformation is when someone says something not true out of ignorance. Disinformation is intentionally telling lies or incorrect facts. 
$C: Great analogy.
$C: Your comment gives me hope to think that there’s a way out of this miasma, that sensible policy can be crafted to deal with misinformation. 
$C: And what will the safety feature of this age be? Confirmed identity of everyone posting anything on the internet? Monitored online activity? The solution to this won't be pretty.
$C: I hate to say this, but a big part of this issue is unfortunately a simultaneous obsession with, and misunderstanding of what is meant by "free speech," and its philosophical underpinning.  People incorrectly extend the protection from legal consequences to imply the protection from all consequences, and even moreso - they create an implied duty to tolerate all ideas.  
  
The reality of this situation is that it is basically the tolerance paradox in a slightly different form.  In reality, the value of speech itself is connected to the existence of critical meaning and our ability to derive it.  Without the ability to differentiate, weigh and categorize ideas, the utility of speech itself becomes inherently diminished.  This is why the implied duty of free speech is not to tolerate all ideas - it is the opposite.  Preserving critical meaning actually requires us to marginalize and cast aside *the vast majority of ideas.*  That is, for any given question, the region of truth convergence is inherently finite, whereas the set of ideas which could be categorized as "wrong" or "trivial" or "unrelated" is inherently infinite.  
  
This gives rise to the bullshit paradox, which states that the effort required to refute bullshit is orders of magnitude greater than the effort required to spew bullshit.  Traditionally, the solution to this paradox is that most people fall within the region of truth convergence, and the people who stubbornly cling to mistruth and conspiracy theories are few and far between.  Kind of like how herd immunity is conferred when around 75% of a population is immunized, because the distribution of non-immunized people is such that they mostly interact with immunized people.  This effectively results in a form of low-effort marginalization.  Since your average conspiracy nut will mostly interact with rational people, their ability to spread their pathological mental state is diminished.  But more importantly, their incentive to be open about these ideas is also diminished, as they expect consequences for sharing them in public.    
  
What the internet has done is disrupt that distribution, and therefore the low-effort marginalization process.  Imagine if smallpox could spread via the internet.  Suddenly you've got these hot spots of infections popping up as anti-vax groups congregate and pull in additional victims.  And even then, it's one thing for these people to isolate themselves into pockets, but it's another thing entirely to let them set up shop in the corner of a larger stadium where they are able to interact with thousands of people daily, some of whom would normally rely on herd immunity for whatever reason.  And that's what I'm getting at here - passive marginalization/herd immunity is no longer a tenable solution to the bullshit paradox.  Active measures must be taken to exclude certain ideas from the mainstream, or we risk diminishing the value of speech itself via epistemological nihilism.
$C: I totally understand what your trying to say using this analogy but the problem is that safety features didn't fundamental change the nature of cars. Regulations that somehow curb misinformation on the internet would also basically change what the internet is. I'll take the risk of misinforming people who don't care to fact check any day to a internet were some government "internet safety agency" or ISA has a say on what can and can't be on the internet.

We already have those kind of regulations on the internet (and to continue the highway example just think about how horrible net neutrality, or "highway lane regulations", are for the internet and online freedom). 

However, a seat belt analogy is exactly why this isn't a good example. Seat belts were created by Volvo, who then gave the rights to everyone to use for safety. When Ford puts a seat belt into a car and it was up to people to use them or not. Law and regulations exist but still its up to people to sit down and buckle up. On the other hand, preventing misinformation on the internet would require some administrative agency and ultimately someONE to monitor and characterize online speech. This is not only an immense, likely impossible, undertaking but also up to way too much discretion. What is "misinformation" for one person is a interesting theory for another. I mean "fake news" has become part of the vernacular in this country, and we know that government agencies do not stay bipartisan. 

Just look at how complicated First Amendment law is in this country and that's after decade of cases and judgments creating three separate tiers of scrutiny (strict, intermediate and rational). It's just not possible to do it at the scale of the internet without completely chilling speech. Also consider how the law recognizes this and limits liability of ISP and Online services for the online speech that their users post. The courts correctly saw that otherwise too much power and discretion would be given to providers. 

I totally understand that misinformation is incredible problem and extremely damaging but its a natural consequence that is greatly outweighed by the benefits of the internet and free information. If anything we need to teach people and children to be more critical of the information they find, to check sources and consider biases. That would greatly fix our problem without crippling one of the most powerful tools we've ever had. 
$C: I agree with this, however-

The main downside/flaw to this argument is that by passing regulations to hose mi information and scams you are directly impinging upon the 1st amendment. Furthermore, it will allow the government to dictate what it believes to be credible news sources (imagine if trump only allowed fox and brietbart), allowing the government and whatever administration is in charge to direct their own narrative. 
$C: That is a great comparison, well said. I would ask though, where does the misinformation of the internet age have its roots? It seems logical that all this technical espionage, along with the feeding of misinformation, started in Cold War spying. The internet makes it undeniably easier, but it didn’t start the act of purposeful misinformation production by almost every country on Earth. 
$C: > One day we will mitigate and regulate misinformation. 

Aka we will actually start valuing education because that's the actual issue here.
Because more often than not "misinformation" stems from a failure of communication, not always malice of intent.

Sure many people **want** to misunderstand something because it's their coping mechanism for dealing with the cognitive dissonance that would come with "properly understanding" something that contradicts some strongly held opinion/position by that individual.
$C: Misinformation =/= Disinformation. Both can be disruptive, but disinformation is purposely disruptive and a tactic we all should continue to worry about at all levels of media. Unfortunately, it's nothing new.  Historically, the best way combat it is a well educated populace. Regulations are a shortsighted measure that restrict the free flow of information and further open the door for total state controlled media/news. Which is fucking scary.  Imagine VOA on steroids.  Thankfully we've had some forward thinking individuals in the past and we have The Smith-Mundt act to assist in protecting us from internal propaganda. 
$C: I really, really hope you're right.
$C: Look, theres a historical context and background to all this history. Its not just human nature that takes time to catch up to technological changes. Do you think those early auto manucatures benefited from the extremely pro business attitude of the government in those days? Dont you realize they bribed and battled their way, kicking and screaming about lower profits when they were asked to make cars safer?
$C: Thank you for restoring my faith in humanity with a very real life and rational explanation.
$C: Misinformation is bad. I think the echo chambers the internet has created are the scarier thing. It allows extreme views to reinforce extreme views. It makes it so you never have to hear a dissenting opinion.
$C: This is literally the best thing I’ve seen on the Internet today.  /bow
$C: Another good example is the effect the printing press had on the Reformation.  Catholic historians emphasize its importance to the success of the reformers.  Protestant historians, OTOH, downplay its significance.
$C: > One day we will mitigate and regulate misinformation.

But; wait, who, how? Can i? Sound a bit Rothschildish, 'i care not who makes its laws'.
$C: I wish it were as isolated as a simple high speed car wreck/deaths. This is turning into a national disaster compromising our civility. 
$C: It sounds like you're hinting at limiting First amendment rights and people are eating it up. 
$C: > For example, you couldn't get into a 30mph+ accident before cars came along

This is pretty dang false. We had  ways to travel that fast before cars. Trains and horses for example. 
$C: well put.
$C: The truth! Same nonsense happened when the ability to mass print pamphlets occurred. People believed everything they read because, it was in print, and people wouldn’t put something in print unless it was true and important. 
$C: I think it's cool that people may be able to find archives of all of us commenting on these things though.  I know at some point someones going to myspace all these websites but there's gotta be people over at r/datahoarder archiving everything at this point. 
$C: I hope you’re right about the mitigation part. 
$C: >One day we will mitigate and regulate misinformation. 

> Congress shall make no law ... abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press.... 

Pick one.
$C: Fair analogy overall, but information-sharing has some pretty important differences from driving. It remains to be seen if our grandkids will be looking back from a position of sensible reform or not. It's not out of the question that the war on disinformation will result in the end of the free trade of legitimate information. 
$C: >  One day we will mitigate and regulate misinformation.

Like a Ministry of Truth? Snopes fact check?

If you take this responsibility away from the individual, you create an organisation with the capacticy for mass manipulation.

We should never trust someone else 100% to declare what information is true or false. Its a dereliction of duty. They are just as fallable as us. The ONLY way to defend individuals from misinformation is to effectively teach CRITICAL THINKING.

Sucessful human beings will treat this Age of Deception as a training ground, not something to be protected from.
$C: This is brilliant, thank you for putting my fleeting thoughts on revolutionary media into such a great post and analogy
$C: "I can't believe the left had absolutely no representation for decades before the people's progressive party was created"
$C: Mind=Blown
$C: This is such a bright outlook in an otherwise dark sea of malaise
$C: I hope we get our shit together faster with the misinformation age!
$C: Furthering the seat-belt analogy, people were resentful and negative towards seat belts when they first came out. They were commonly considered uncomfortable and people self-righteously asserted that they were dangerous and would cause more injuries than they prevented.

Muh free speech.
$C: 'Watch as we now delve into the  fantastic leadership of the baby-boomer generation.'
$C: Take my up vote you clever bastard.
$C: It feels like only a couple of years ago 'post-truth society' was limited to dystopian fiction. Now we've living it and it frightens the shit out of me every single day. 
$C: Lol, I think joking about how russia is trying to take over the US is pretty appropriate after what's happening right now. You don't? Yikes
$C: I think that was the point of that quote, friendo.

Doubya, in spite of being an idiot that plunged us into a forever-war, *wasn't so fuckin' thick and/or dishonest* that he'd get up on a stage and denounce plain science.
$C: /u/ghaziaway is right, that was the point of the quote.

Although, Dubya was in his second period and didn't have to watch his mouth so much. 
$C: What? Other countries overthrew their corrupt governments or criminal leaders this way. Even when rigged, you overthrow them. In protests, you can demand the change of the elections. No more machine voting, demand UN vote observers. Demand the change of voter registration. It does take time and is nothing easy to do for lazy people. 
$C: Most people in general have no idea. Like, I have a cursory understanding of the way most of the tech I use works, but that knowledge doesn't really help me very much. I understand the culture of it, but that also doesn't really get me anywhere if I want to manipulate it. Memes meme themselves into existence and stay for an indeterminate amount of time.  
$C: “Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.” - Arther C. Clarke
$C: Who are you kidding, they sure do - look at Russia, China and North Korea. 
$C: This.
$C: Can't wait to refute revisionary history in the future.
$C: We probably can't say we don't retailate, we just don't hear about it (and why would we)?

Think of the infrastructure that Snowden revealed.  That isn't used just against the citizens of the US and Allied West.
$C: Well there's legislation that was passed in order to prevent money from going into making elections more secure. And we can't really retaliate through similar means since Russia has already had their... "elections"
$C: You have a really good point. America rose to technological dominance at a very good time, but I'm not totally sure it matters who the first country to invent something is after a while, though.
$C: In 14,000,605 paths, this is the only one to American greatness
$C: Indeed. It truly would drain the swamp of the indisputably corrupt Republican majority. 
$C: We'll still have several decades of consequences from his supreme court appointments.
$C: [Alt right](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alt-right)

>The alt-right, or alternative right, is a loosely-connected and somewhat ill-defined[1] grouping of **white supremacists/white nationalists, neo-Nazis, neo-fascists, neo-Confederates** and other far-right[2][3][4] fringe hate groups.[5][6]


>White supremacist[29] Richard B. Spencer initially promoted the term in 2010 in reference to a movement centered on white nationalism and according to the Associated Press did so to disguise overt racism, white supremacism, neo-fascism and neo-Nazism.



So, you really don't have any issues with the alt-right then do you?


Let me guess, the thing you like about Japan is how racially homogenous it is.

$C: It's got electrolytes!
$C: What differences to be exact?
$C: I like to point out that when Common Core was first introduced teachers would joke about how you could spell every word wrong on the test and still pass as long as your reasoning and evidence is sound.


$C: The American education system is not really held in high esteem among Western countries. Specifically reading comprehension/textual analysis seems lacking compared to the Finnish curriculum.
$C: Make no mistake though, Indian system is still way way worse than US. If a particular student is personally motivated,, there are resources available for self study in the US; such a thing is almost impossible in India as all your time is spent memorizing mountains of BS that I and most around me wouldn't have been able to explain a week after exams. I learned pretty much nothing in terms of critical thinking when I went to school in India, almost all of it was rote memorization. We still have a lot to improve on as evidenced by the current government and an abundance of absolute tools milling about everywhere (me included ofcourse)
$C: Can confirm, learned very little at school. 

If you want a job doing well, do it yourself. Go get books. Go on the internet. Not Reddit though. Full of shitposters. 
$C: In the United States, I feel the problem is that you need to work very hard to get a good education.  The system allows people to excel, and to develop real critical thinking ability, but only if they put in extra effort and/or pay more.  For the majority, the schools only want them to show up and pass tests, not really learn.  That's all that is expected of us.  Those who are gifted, or whose parents push them hard, tend to set higher goals for themselves, take advanced placement courses, study long hours, ask questions.  Those students are the ones who truly learn, while the rest are just checking the right boxes to keep their school funded.
$C: It's not *media* literacy that is needed. As /u/nowake said its being taught critical thinking. This is a general skill, that once gained, is applicable universally.

I was educated in a state school in Northern Ireland, it was one of the top schools in the country but the education I received was little different from what friends at other schools received.

In history we were taught to consider the source. In science we were told to question the results we got from an experiment and to compare them to our class mates results. In English Lit we were taught to consider context, when was the book written, what was happening in that country at that time etc.

In class after class the idea of not simply accepting information but examining and considering was reinforced in different ways. I was lucky when it came to our Religious Studies class (Northern Ireland is riddled with Christian fundy types), despite being a devout Christian, he exposed us to Plato, Descarte, even Nietzsche! Through that I learned how to expand my abilities to reason things out even when given a limited data set. I mean if Hippocrates could come up with half of that stuff without the stacks and stacks of research we have these days, I can work out if a story I read on the Internet is bullshit or not.

Education has and always will be the burning blade, the silver bullet, that will slay all evil. 
$C: I think you are dangerously underestimating how millennials support trump. 

I can think of 10 or 15 I know personally right off the bat. 
$C: That’s where you’re wrong kiddo...and you should really be concerned with generation Z.  They are even turned off by how far the left has moved from the center with the SJW racist and sexist BS
$C: We do. Reddit just loves to jump on this train of argument every time, and in most instances it is some kid barely out of school who is resentful. These posts should be relegated to r/iamverysmart but instead other twenty year olds who hated school jump in on the circlejerk.

We do try. It's in the standards, if nothing else. People who can, teach. Everyone else sits around and armchair quarterbacks. I don't think I could fly a plane just because I've been a traveler, but everyone thinks they can be a teacher because they sat in a classroom. 
$C: > To be fair, the majority of voters are still baby boomers, and in a number of schools they didn't teach them anything at all.  All they needed to do to have a successful life was follow instructions assembling gadgets on a factory floor, remember.


Who upvoted this?  Do people really think this is true?

Granted, we are in a thread about a lack of critical thinking...
$C: Obama dismantled NCLB and promoted common core, which emphasizes critical thinking. 

NCLB was a Bush measure and teachers unions fought it tooth and nail. 
$C: Yes! Fucking thank you!

Most people who bitch about teachers forget what it was like to be a teenager who already knew everything. The number one thing being that they will never ever have a use for things like algebra, civics and boring old history. 
$C: Not sure about ice trays but a hot water pipe will freeze before a cold water pipe if it's exposed to freezing temperatures. The reason has to with the amount of air/oxygen in the water at different tempetures. (I get your point tho 😉)
$C: Bush didn't start standardized testing, but he is the one who thought it was a good idea to tie funding to it, so schools with undeserved and historically underrepresented populations actually lost funding when they couldn't meet mythical growth targets. 
$C: I think you have some gross misconceptions about education. Or, at the very least, are projecting your own school experiences on the entire system. 
$C: Did we teach them anything?  The politics of the weimar republic weren't exactly on the latest common core test...
$C: Cause these are new dumb people, every generation gets 'em.
$C: Now imagine what will happen when the next recession starts (and it won't be long until) and in 2020 with the next American presidential elections, the USA will likely face even stronger polarisation of the political landscape. Another Trump reign, or at least someone similar or worse, is not off the books. If the economy goes south, politics will certainly accompany it...
$C: Yeah, it's scary!
$C: McConnell really is a vile and disgusting person, an evil traitor who puts party over country. 
$C: hahaha I didn’t vote for Trump. Don’t call him “my” President just because you are unable to think past partisan lines. Let’s look at the misdeeds of recent presidents compared to Trump. 

Obama... deported more people than any president. Was at war for every single day of his 2 term presidency (first time in history of country for this to happen). Extrajudicially killed an American citizen. Fast and furious scandal (also counts for Bush) Changed definition of “enemy combatant” so he could drone strike civilians at will.

Bush...
Most likely rigged an election. Lied to the American public about WMDs. Responsible for the death of half a million Iraqis. Set up groundwork for tyrannical police state which Obama expounded upon 

I don’t think Trump has so far done anything worse than our last two presidents even. He’s just a loudmouth arrogant idiot which everyone focuses on 

$C: I hear you. My mom voted for him. I mostly have to point out that it's not 1/2 for my own mental health. It is incredibly disheartening that anyone is still defending him. 
$C: That season finale had me crying like a sleepy toddler.
$C: I do not see the face of my father. :D
$C: He might be implicated in all this too so the answer is we don't know.
$C: Pence would just be a president I disagree with. Trump is an invader. 
$C: As long as we keep a majority Democrat (or anyone who honors their oath of office) Congress, Pence would lack power to get anything done. 

Despite the fact that Trump acts like it, the President of the United States is not all powerful. There are checks and balances to keep things sane. It is unfortunate that the current people in charge of that have apparently forgotten their pledge to protect the Constitution. 
$C: I always suspected that Trump chose Pence to make the Democrats afraid of impeaching him, because they would hand power to a religious extremist.
$C: If that's how it has to be.
$C: and then, down the line, we can impeach him too. 
$C: Yeah, that guy worries me more... Crazily enough.
$C: No - he'd have to be impeached by the house of representatives, then convicted by the senate.  Just getting impeached doesn't remove him from office.
$C: What matters is not allowing someone to get away with undermining out democracy.
$C: Honestly, at least he seems sane. Misguided, but sane. At this point, that's all I want. 
$C: Pence is a nut, but atleast ge speaks with advisors and takes advice and is a confirmed reader.  Would be a huge step in the right direction.
$C: So? Bring him down too, if he's just as corrupt. Putting up with corruption in order to stave off more corruption ensures corruption will continue.
$C: Honestly, I thought the reason Paul Ryan was not running for re-election was that he *knew* that Trump and Pence would be gone while he was still speaker and he'd become president. I know it's probably not going to happen, but man, can you imagine if that's the way it works out? Whoever reposts this comment to bestof would get a shit ton of Karma.
$C: No, impeachment won’t kick out Trump. If an impeachment vote passes, then there will be a trail at the senate level, and they would be the ones to actually Jail Trump. 
$C: I think when all things are said and done it will be revealed that trump was never legitimately elected. In such a case I believe Obama would be prez until a new election is held. It should also negate any appointments and laws made by him.
$C: And if pence is impeached we get the speaker of the House, which would be a democrat. Possibly Chuck Schumer. Which eh. Okay. Fine. Better than pence.
$C: If by 'get' Pence you mean impeach him too, yeah. Pence is indicated on quite a few of these impeachable offenses. He's not teflon. If Trump is going down, Pence is going down too. And Republicans are too stupid to impeach them before Dems get Speaker of the House back, because that's who the next President would be.
$C: His supporters are perpetually always upset. Fuck them.
$C: Can you imagine if R's end up gaining seats in both?
$C: it's a tough choice between those and xenophobia, sexism and treason
$C: You're scared? Good.
$C: [deleted]
$C: I rather just have money.
$C: You can't give gold more than once, but you can do a gold train within the post! Then you can give away 50 gold!

I hereby personally MATCH your 50 gold pledge guilding the post AND 49 user gold train in the comments.
$C: It's not war. Not now, anyway. That's not a term to be used lightly. 
$C: "Unless of course, war were declared." 

"What's that sound?" 

*"War were declared."*
$C: https://www.motherjones.com/politics/2018/03/trump-finally-imposes-russia-sanctions-that-congress-ordered-months-ago/
$C: Honestly, I don't get why they'd give him that much gold for that comment.
$C: The fuck. Somebody screwed up.
$C: Wow.... The ratio of gold to comments is off the charts. It's like half of all Reddit users have gold to give away
$C: Well he won't need to pay for gold anymore lmao
$C: I wouldn't say he deserves it, but I wouldn't be upset if it happens.

Edit: post I replied to said Trump deserves to be assassinated.
$C: Grow up.
$C: Not preventing removal, it increases visibility. 

When comment is under certain threshold of karma, it won't be expanded and user will have to click the + near username to read it. It will also go down in the tree, so the user will have to scroll further.

Gold prevents that. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: Impeachment can come with anything or nothing. It helps a broader coalition of votes to have grounds, but I think providing aid or comfort to an adversary (with whom we're NOT at war) would be adequate for most representatives.

Nixon was about to be impeached on consipracy. Andrew Johnson for violating a voting act that was enacted by a congress that hated him so much that they passed it just to impeach him. lol.
$C: By the time all that happens it'll be 2020 anyway so it wouldn't really matter unless he got re-elected which is what I feel we should be working to prevent.
$C: Marching won't do anything if the house doesn't have the votes to impeach him. I do agree though, I think massive protests are in order if some dirty shit comes out or if he tries to fire or undermine Mueller. 
$C: seriously like... why. the video nor the comment were even very good. is it some sort of inside joke?

then again i thought that league of legends guy getting over 400 gold was also ridiculous and didn’t understand why it happened 
$C: Reddit not broke
$C: 188 years of reddit gold.

Sweet merciful tiny infant baby Jesus.
$C: Why????
$C: I didn't get it...?
$C: Just waiting for a better alternative. But thanks for letting me know I'm still here.
$C: Lol, it's most likely the NY times paying and upvoting to get better exposure. It's much more effective than paying for an actual ad. You just contributed to a company's ad campaign... 

I'll put away my tinfoil hat now...
$C: Solid argument, some really interesting points there. 
$C: I can't find the park exit 🙁
$C: These reddit comments are really good value!
$C: I need to sit on a bench
$C: Mr. Sam, I don’t feel so good...
$C: Guest 14523 is drowning!
$C: "This path (we're going down) is really disgusting." 🤢
$C: Yeah but he can only beat Apprentice level in Vanilla Hills
$C: Which itself was in all likelihood a parody of [Mr. Toad’s Wild Ride](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mr._Toad%27s_Wild_Ride) from Disneyland.
$C: This is really important question. Please provide details /u/PM_ME_YOUR_GOOD_NEW5! I may or mayn't be playing OpenRCT2 presently.
$C: I used to work for the same type of outfit u/kallistini describes.  It was actually fun going to work!  Then management changed hands and the company was sold shortly thereafter.  Shit went rapidly downhill.  The majority of the "old" employees were forced out including myself.

Corporate America sucks.
$C: > sell the division to a competitor. 


Ill take stantec, aecom, and wsp (in that order), please!
$C: I worked at a job that was Union and management while doing performance reviews  with the newer employees  told them that if they voted to become a non-union shop that they could give them pay raises and plus it would eliminate the union dues.  The vote came up and by a small margin the union was eliminated.  

Almost immediately they laid off the older higher paid workers - but the younger guys didn't complain because that meant better work and higher priority on vacation time for everyone else.

Then our insurance changed and not many complained because it was cheaper biweekly cost (even though it had higher copays and now had a deductible)

Then they took away the ability to roll over PTO and vacation days and not many complained because well with higher priority on the vacation request list you should be able to use it every year.

Then we went from 12 holiday days that you either got off or got 2x pay for down to 3 and you only got 1.5x pay on those and people started to complain but not everyone as people said "since the unions gone i gross $8,000 a year more"

Then they changed the points value of the work to lower the amount of points  each  task was worth while raising the number of points that was required to have a and "acceptable hour" and every one complained. 

Any time anyone talked about Unionizing again the person would be fired and anyone he was talking to would be gone as well.
$C: Something similar happened to my dad's employer. When he first got the job, the perks were amazing and employees were treated well and their ideas developed into solid products. Several takeovers later, this British company stages a buyout. After that, the workforce got slashed, and all of the people who had been there for a decade or more were laid off. My dad had been trying to get management to move away from unprofitable products to a new technology, but they didn't listen. Now the company is on the edge of bankruptcy; the only profit they're making is from a 22 year old product my dad developed, and all the older employees who were let go couldn't find a job after, including a dude who was disabled but really fucking good at his job.
$C: CH2M Hill?
$C: Corporate culture is just one leg in our body of cultural deficiencies. More broadly, we have a serious double standard when it comes to in-groups and out-groups. We have a cultural aversion to extending compassion to people in the perceived out-group. Look at the way we treat criminals and/or prisoners for example. We talk a lot about "human rights" on the surface, but if someone crosses a certain line, we become very quickly indifferent to their humanness and quite comfortable with their suffering. Our actions are incompatible with our professed beliefs. 
$C: Yeah I worked for a company that started to 'breed competitiveness' between locations and departments. Turns out the best way to get a bonus is by ditching or unloading all the hard jobs, and screwing over anyone you can.

Turns out this is also a terrible way to run a business but a very good way to make valuable employees leave asap.
$C: Can agree with this having had work for Toys R Us a few months ago. It was all about everyone's contribution and not just firing people because they came in late. Managers didnt even mind this as long as you called in before time.
$C: Same! Working in a similar place right now, i know i'll leave in 6 months (planned mandate) and thinking about having to go back to shitty companies is depressing.
$C: Hopefully promoting was a thing 
$C: > Same or different department, across the company.

That is just stupid, much better alternative is to start keeping score, make them compete against each other. That will push productivity higher since competition always makes things better.. ^s
$C: "American model" lol what else should I have expected from u/the-brit. I've worked at multiple companies in the US with a similar culture, get off your high horse
$C: >The difference between those companies and the American model was staggering, not only in environment but also profits.

Then why are American companies the most profitable?

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_public_corporations_by_market_capitalization#2018

https://www.usatoday.com/story/money/personalfinance/2015/10/24/24-7-wall-st-most-profitable-companies/74501312/

8/10 of the worlds most valuable companies are American. 4/5 of the worlds most profitable companies are American. The US holds the top spot in each category. Downvotes don't change that.

$C: My country is capitalist, yet we don't have these problems because regulations protect the employee at least as much as the employer.
$C: No, that's badly regulated capitalism in a poorly governed polity.
$C: >Of course it's unethical, but that's Capitalism ~~sometimes~~ all the time.

Fixed. Capitalism and ethics do not mix, and that is by design.
$C: Well put.
$C: Corporation's are people too!
$C: If my business would force me to work 60 hours a week for a prolonged time i could sue the shit out of management and maybe finally be able to afford something nice. (like a huge shiny "fuck you" sign to place infront of the administration's entrance.)
$C: From what I’ve seen Americans seem to have some kind of weird hang ups about unions that I can’t for the life of me understand.
$C: I've always just told them, "*That is an unreasonable expectation and waste of my personal time. Accidents happen and we all have to deal with them.*" while making eye contact. 


I've done this from early jobs in supermarkets to very well paying factory jobs. The only place it *didn't* work was when I tried saying it to my Platoon Sergeant. You can probably guess that I've had many jobs in my short life so far. 


One advantage to companies treating me like a revolving door is that I feel just fine treating them the same. But for those that are good to me I am one of the hardest workers you will ever meet. Even going so far as to do work off the books when needed. 


You get what you give, I guess. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: Or if you work on salary, please do start early and don’t leave any earlier.
$C: > Such a fucking bullshit reply from mgmt.



I don't know his exact example, but I can say that usually when someone is fired for a bullshit reason.. it's because the company has been looking to get rid of them for a while anyways. Someone who is consistently under preforming, causing problems, getting into minor trouble week in and week out.... eventually the management looks for the first reason they can to fire that employee... 

People will say things like: "my friend got fired because he was 5 minutes late after he witnessed a bus crash and saved 10 children from the burning bus before firefighters arrived! It's unreal!!" But then they fail to mention how their friend was late 10 times in the last month, called out 5 times in the last month, pissed off a customer, didn't follow dress code, took longer than allowed for lunch, harassed a co-worker, smoked inside and not during smoke break, etc etc
$C: That's the bullshittiest thing ever. "Oh your bus was 15 minutes late which made you miss the next one ? WhY dOn'T yOu TaKe ThE oNe BeFoRe ThAt ??"
$C: You did the right thing. 
$C: They just raised their hand to pet you, you don't gave to wince, little puppy. 
$C: I know this feeling.  I think my current boss keeps me with a battered spouse type condition. I don’t even know why.  
$C: That's a manager who wants you to value his time but doesn't give a flying fuck about yours
$C: At-will employment can be terminated by either party at any time. I believe with or without reason 
$C: Oh I agree.  And I'd say a majority of us feel the same, but the ones in power have their followers convinced that there is no other way and that any change would personally hurt them (said followers).  It's entirely fucked.
$C: Yeah.  And the "we don't know another way so this has to be the best way" mentality.  
$C: Man, that sounds nice... *sigh*
$C: The customers are paying the wages anyway. why they can't just pass the money through the advertised price, register and HR baffles me. 

Also see: not advertising the final price including tax
$C: I don’t disagree with you at all, but I think that says more about America’s very low wage standards and weak labour laws than it does about the merits of working for tips. 
$C: Actually, it's called "At will" employment. 
$C: Right to work refers to unions.
$C: Yes, it's very contradictory. 
$C: Its like they named the "Internet Freedom Act"
$C: [deleted]
$C: Could be for discriminatory reasons, but unless you have explicit text or audio, you can’t prove it in court. Fuck, America’s labor laws are fucked. 
$C: Ahhh yes, my bad I was just talking about this and got the terms mixed up
$C: That’s part of the unfairness, the wasted time.
$C: The world isn't fair. You can do everything right according to conventional wisdom and still lose. That doesn't mean you should give up. But we get angry because we are taught that doing things a certain way works, is moral or will benefit everyone, but it's not always true. When it doesn't work, because someone in power who isn't playing by social rules is a dick, we get frustrated.

Our parents taught us what worked for them or what they reckoned would work. They neglected to add in the exceptions: "you'll be happy, have a family, earn money, be succesful if you do these things". Except you need to be: mentally healthy, attractive enough, smart enough, well connected and social enough, talented enough etc.
$C: That's how I feel about reading anything from america. American's seem to act like they're this amazing place, but the majority of people who live there are just egocentric arsehats.

What is is about america which produces buttloads of arrogant, selfish, non compassionate people?
$C: It's also not just authority figures by the way, "the real world" is always mentioned by someone who wants their damn ego trip. 

In engineering school, I hear the words, "this has no value in the real world," all the fucking time. *Every* single time, it's uttered by a dude who is too lazy to put in the effort an assessment takes, or someone whose ego is so fragile he/she needs to put down those who do put in the effort by laughing at their "book smarts." 


$C: This is also in Canada. Our education is way above the US, but it’s still far from perfect. Teachers here get decent wages, after 5 years they’re up to over 50k/year, and that increases when you keep upgrading your education. 

My point is, too many people get into teaching because of this paycheque. They’re smart enough to write tests and get good grades, but common sense is lacking in too many of them.

I’ve had less than a handful of amazing teachers, the ones who make you want to go to class, the ones who make you want to impress them. The rest of them just know how to pass tests and kiss the right asses to get the job.
$C: Toxic people are really good at establishing a perfect image towards those above them. "Look I saved us $10,000! But don't look behind the curtain at the starving children!"

Pushing critical thinking training and education would help immensely.
$C: We had school at that same time, am from Michigan
$C: Then he could have made it to class on time and paid some poor kid to pick it up for them.
$C: When you're a star, they let you do it.  You can do anything.  Grab 'em by the eraser.


$C: What country are you in? Those quotes are all over the place.
$C: I've watched candidates for jobs lose their chance at said jobs for being one minute late compared to everyone else being on time or early. 

Challenge authority all you want, but unless you are the one making the rules, probably learn to follow them or possibly miss out. 

Edit- The sad part is I just watched a video on here the other day about a teacher who made a heartfelt plea to a school board to hold students accountable because their behavior is disruptive to the class and it affects other students learning opportunities. 

Now here I am getting downvoted because someone didn't follow a simple rule of the class and all of a sudden people come out in defense of not following said rule because "powering tripping dicks" should always be stood up to.

This one person "one time" was late and got detention. Sure....

Even if it's the case that this teacher has such a draconian rule, it might just be because they have dealt with so many late students over so many years... and have seen the negative impact it has had on their teaching environment, that they decided to actually enforce some form of expectations in the lives of young adults and hope they take even that one trait going forward in to their actual adult lives. 

Once again, go ahead and stand up to these authority figures over following simple rules that most of society agrees with, but when you get passed over for jobs, miss planes, get charged extra by Uber for making them wait, yada yada, just remember that you feel justified in doing it cause, "anyone, even a stupid doo doo head teacher" isn't gonna keep me down with their power tripping rules. 
$C: Salty teen says what? 

😁
$C: That's not a solution to this particular problem, though. A spare pencil is not what should be saving you from being late. A spare pencil is there in case you break or lose the first one. You shouldn't be preparing a spare pencil or have to use one for a scenario that's not for using pencils. There are more logical solutions. 

Be in class on time or early. If you know the teacher is strict about this, ask for permission to go get the pencil but make sure you're in the classroom at the time (the teacher may even enjoy the show of respect). The teacher could also be more flexible or make exceptions that seem reasonable. 
$C: Oh you do. And I did. 
$C: You do. You just get punished for it. But that's not an excuse to act powerless.
$C: In second grade a teacher asked me how dumb I must be that I didn’t understand what she wanted from me (who would even ask a 7 year old that?). So I packed up my stuff left the room walked into the principals office put my books on her table, described what happened, said I was done here and went home. 
$C: I see the way you're acting like you're somebody else gets me frustrated.
$C: Do you often reason with yourself like this?
$C: /r/sideboob
$C: It's not, but ask a Republican if it's okay and you'll find out just how much their patriotism is worth. 

Unfortunately, most of them are apparently cheap as shit.
$C: It's insane to think a U.S. citizen can't muster up the proper grammar for a comment about the leader of their country.
$C: It would be insane to "allow a Russian intelligence to stack our highest court". However, that is clearly not the case. You could argue that Russia influenced the election to help elect Trump in a significant way, but not that they also influenced who he appointed. Plus, justices need confirmation from the senate. You would then also have to conclude that they also influenced 50+ senators.
$C: One would hope, but Ryan is not a member of his cabinet.
$C: Ya know, it kinda stinks that there are no provisions like that. I don’t want to be stuck with decisions made by someone who shouldn’t be in charge. 
$C: The cabinet changes and maybe even negating many of the executive orders is, while difficult, in the realm of possibility.

On the other hand, the legislation thing is basically a non-starter, for better or worse.
$C: Asking for evidence is never a dumb question.

/r/RussiaLago has an extensive library of links and stories that would help you, as does /r/Keep_Track.

/r/ShitPoppinKreamSays has links to many of /u/PoppinKream's pieces that give context for certain issues with extensive citations.

For less intense and wide-ranging answers, here's a recent article compiling much of what we currently know that happened in relation to the hacking.

https://www.politico.com/story/2018/07/18/russia-election-hacking-trump-putin-698087
$C: If Pence goes than it would fall to Speaker of the House Paul Ryan.
$C: Silly how? 

Candidates put up by an illegitimate president should be voided. Just because the Senate rubber-stamped them doesn't mean they are good to go.
$C: Which is majoritively Republican and they seem to be complicit in this influence by a hostile foreign power (some of them may even be facilitating it) so it’s really not that fucking silly.
$C: It's not about what the judge did, it's about whether they were appointed legitimately.
$C: Approved by the senate. Appointed by the president. So unless you want to start knowing what you’re talking about.....
$C: > I think it needs reminding that John Locke, of whom the founding fathers were very well aware of when constructing the Constitution, stated in the Second Treatise of Government that those elected MUST be elected by those being governed. If a government is found to have been swayed by an outside influence, which meant that it was NOT duly elected by those abiding by the social contract by renewing that contract, then that government should be dissolved. Locke advocated that it is an essential right, of the people and by the people, to revolt when the government failed in its duties to protect its citizens, their property, and their rights.


$C: What office is she elected to?
$C: Well, it all revolves around a pair of giant assholes. 
$C: Nothing. I fucking hate Trump too, but these peoplr are grasping at straws in a ridiculous way. **No**, your indignation and hatred of the president isn't grounds for impeachment. No, you can't declare Trump is a traitor and impeach him. This is completely retarded. "Oh, Trump isn't impeached yet? Fuck the half of the voters who voted for him, our government is clearly failing us, time to march on DC!!11one"
$C: Excuses. So many excuses
$C: But we do obstensibly have protection from those. 

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Posse_Comitatus_Act
$C: That implies that American soldiers are willing to use them on American citizens because their treasonous president told them too.

I have a feeling that some high ranking generals would back a movement.
$C: Actually according to [US v. Miller](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_v._Miller) the 2nd amendment applies *only* to military style weapons.
$C: This attitude is why nothing will change. I'm glad our founding fathers didn't say "Oh man, those British have way more guns than us, AND we could even die! Yeah, fuck that lets just go on with our lives being treated like crap."
$C: its because its called the united "states" of america. Each state votes for the president, some states do an all or nothing, some dont with their electoral system. 

it was specifically made to prevent "tyranny of the majority"
$C: Can you point to any national electric grid that isn't susceptible?
$C: Analog, sweet analog, how do we love thee....?
$C: they can impeach him.
$C: Exactly. Because they can control what people see, how they vote, and what region they vote for via gerrymandering - people are not people, they are red numbers and blue numbers. The number of people who would actually change their vote is practically zero.
$C: FYI, when the Dea tried to emergency schedule kratom (a plant that helps a ton of people get off heroin and prescription opioids as a much safer alternative), we wrote and called our congressmen and got them to take a look into it. Kratom is still legal because of the work we did there. 
$C: I think it still helps. It shows Democratic legislators that their constituency would back them on impeaching Trump but it would probably mean fuck all to GOP legislators. 
$C: Yes. They do. But who is going to do anything about it if we don't? Make this point in your letter/protest rally sign!
$C: Janitors 
$C: Not with that attitude, they won't. 

Also, thank you for not being a dick and pointing out my misspelling of senator.
$C: You're on a list now... You can't say that shit 
$C: Right, thanks. I reckon Kelly had enough of it
$C: To be fair, Brennan's not a lawyer -- he's an Islamic scholar by training -- let alone a lawyer with expertise in the field.

That said, a former director of the CIA presumably has *some* fairly sound idea of what constitutes treason.
$C: I just translated that in Google and it says : "Hurrrrrr I am a hypocrite who has no response so I will call you a Boris hurrrrrrrf"
$C: Another one. No response so deflect with a 'witty' Russian one liner.

Kinda weak mate, just admit you're a hypocrite. We're all human.
$C: Video killed the radio star.
$C: They would only need to say "The kids parents were liberals", and they would support and cheer them on
$C: Who needs a calculator for such a simple equation?
$C: But it’d be safe to assume the only useful information gathered from the other side would be damaging in nature tho right? So is practicing the same methods our own media employs and posting fake articles here and there really significant in the grand scheme of things?
$C: Thank you for the tag idea!
$C: Da real MVP
$C: I think one side has at lesat a *small* amount of credibility over the other
$C: Nah, I'm a person downvoting you for your meagre attempt to obfuscate.

Have fun with your persecution complex though.
$C: >-.5/minute consistently for 20 mins.

Are you really crying conspiracy about ten downvotes on a laughably fallacious rant? Lol how small do you think this website is?
$C: Yeah no he is not, but he is active in this whole saga... So in the general Russiagate he's someone I'm reasonably certain everyone can trust
$C: I'm sure Mueller will deliver all of the sensitive intel to your apartment immediately. 
$C: You could try reading the indictments that have already been unsealed, if you had any interest in continuing a conversation in good faith. Do so and come back to us, because it's painfully clear that you haven't. 
$C: I believe that u/Ameriican just called them liars. 

Indeed, while many groups within the intelligence community have been dishonest, it must not distract us from the possibility that what they are saying now is true. I am not saying believe them outright, but consider their claims with everything else that we know about the current situation.

I might well be proven wrong, but I can think of two main possibilities for why the intelligence community would be engaging with Russia:

1) These claims on Russian meddling are true

2) The intelligence community is being intentionally deceptive for any number of reasons (to sow discord within the country, it is already controlled by another foreign power, it is the result of extreme left-wing actors who want to undermine the rest of the population, it is to further their position of power, etc). 

I have not yet seen any exact proof for any of those two possibilities. However, the people involved in making claims that support the first possibility seem to have a better track record than those who support the second possibility. There could well be a third I have not yet considered and that is much better supported by evidence.
$C: Well, we have to admit that France probably has the best historical training of "letting the government know that the people of france are not very satisfied with the overall situation".
$C: Chopping Trump's head off while attractive to some, won't solve the bigger question of what do we do of we have an illegitimate government and how do we respond to this? Nuclear war is definitely NOT an option but the brazenness of this attempt cannot be left unpunished.  Who does Putin think he is?
$C: They built a wall around the Eiffel Tower. 
$C: As an English Canadian who is from New Brunswick, the only officially bilingual province in Canada and adjacent to Quebec, I just want to say ‘hi!’, and I’m always impressed with how anyone deals with anything. 
$C: As an American, who recently went to France and really loved it. I honestly can say 1 thing about French culture as a whole: It's a whole lot more honest.
$C: #DO YOU HEAR THE PEOPLE SING?!?
$C: They have national healthcare
$C: Our problem is the USA is so large it’s harder to organize 325.7 million as opposed to the 69.9 million in France.

Also, when corporate media refuse to cover protests it makes it easier to keep folks in the dark. During the Bush administration there were so many people in different cities protesting and nobody showing it on the news. I remember walking in downtown Chicago and there were thousands of protesters and nothing about it on the news.
$C: By letting in millions of Immigrants?
$C: Wow, never thought there are people that envy literal mob rule. I live in France brw.
$C: As an Italian, make them fear for their lives. Make it so that they strongly believe that every fellow citizen they meet might be their executioner. Look how fast their behaviour changes.
$C: That is true. The sums of scandals tired us exponentially until 2017, where the two major historical ruling parties didn't make it to the 2nd turn of the Presidential elections. The very first law voted by the Macron-run Assembly was about political transparency and accountability.

It's not perfect, there will be other scandals, but it's a clear path into the right direction.
$C: I'm technically a dog. 
$C: That's total bullshit.  There's plenty of highly visible speed cameras in France.
$C: > Judging by Trump’s Twitter replies

You guys really need to stop using this as a barometer. Upvotes and Twitter replies mean nothing, if they did Trump wouldn't have got half the votes he recieved. There's a large number of people either disconnected from social media or hide their thoughts on there, larger than many people think as (once again) we've seen with the previous election. 
$C: > You should have been protesting already. 

There have been protests in front of the White House for days. 
$C: Really needed him arrested so we can impeach Pence. But that will never happen...
$C: Congress is under Republican control, they have 0 motivation to get the ball rolling. It possible the Supreme Court could start something, but thats why Trump was trying to funnel as many of his own people into the court as possible. The fact of the matter is most people in the country are far more focused on "Im Republican, hes Republican, i'll support him" and "I dont trust the Dems" to realize that Trump is a menace. 
$C: Election day is a public day off in my country. The state of the "democracy" in the US keeps on baffling me.
$C: Register to vote and/or update your address by October 15th. The election is on November 6th, 6am to 7pm. If you’re in line when the polls close, they have to let you vote. Surely you don’t work a
13 hour shift and if you do, this time we need you to make a sacrifice and say you have MRSA or pink eye or salmonella or something. If we can get Democrats elected, they will work on making it easier to vote. FYI, I didn’t downvote.
$C: I just had some excellent pizza.  Would you like some?
$C: You know this is completely just an opinion, right?
$C: I'm suggesting that voting is our only hope to impeach the president of the United States who is currently a Russian asset.
$C: This again? No, you're not there yet. 
$C: Anything is better than the Republicans. Hold your nose and vote Democrat.
$C: If Democrats take control of the Congress in the 2018 midterms on November 6th, we can begin impeachment proceedings against Trump.
$C: What if I told you that that's the exact opposite of the truth?
$C: That sounds like something a Russian stooge might say to discourage people from voting.
$C: this line of thought only works if nobody votes though
$C: How? Are the bad candidates going to give up because they didn't have a high voter turn out? Not voting in primaries prevents us from getting better candidates. Big money PAC donors prevent us from getting better candidates.
$C: What if I told you you're a shitty AI?
$C: So Jim. Gonna pay your rent next month?
$C: Yes “We, the multinational people of the Russian Federation, united by a common fate on our land, establishing human rights and freedoms, civic peace and accord, preserving the historically established state unity, proceeding from the universally recognized principles of equality and self-determination of peoples, revering the memory of ancestors who have conveyed to us the love for the Fatherland, belief in the good and justice, reviving the sovereign statehood of Russia and asserting the firmness of its democratic basic, striving to ensure the well-being and prosperity of Russia, proceeding from the responsibility for our Fatherland before the present and future generations, recognizing ourselves as part of the world community, adopt the CONSTITUTION OF THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION.”
$C: Hobo-bonobos...

HOBOBONOBO!
$C: Also, you could tell them to stop believing in this "god" creature. Or start eating babies. 
$C: You know, I actually follow some US media. Mostly to see what passes as your news threshold over there. It's a bit partisan stuff, by and large, but I can't honestly say I can see how the problem is lobbying or corporations.   


Where do you get that?
$C: You're not the only one to misinterpret what I was trying to say. I'm not trying to point out an obstruction that is preventing us from doing anything, but rather an obstacle that we will have to overcome to achieve our goals.
$C: This is why large scale protest often start with the students. You cannot get fired for not being in class. At some point the protest developes, barricades are build and now people cannot show up for work anyway. Therefore - more people join. So the fire grows. Good luck protesting.
$C: They could go on strike in the industries hit by tariffs...
$C: A lot of them don't even have work contracts.
$C: Well being unemployed tends to make things more than a bit uncomfortable, but I'm sure you're making a difference out there
$C: I'd call the very real threat of losing your job and/or getting maced by police, a little more than uncomfortable.
$C: This. 
$C: It's not really about it being uncomfortable, it's merely an unfortunate factor of the political culture we live with right now, which is something difficult that we will have to deal with if we want to create positive change imo. And I apologize for mentioning an athletic event in an aside, I'll never talk about sports and politics in the same conversation again as its clearly a heinous crime.
$C: There's more that we can do to affect change in our world besides protest, if that kind of thing isn't for you. Volunteering for a politician that you believe in, making donations, hell even just talking to your neighbor respectfully about issues that are important to you are ways that you can create change. If you don't want to protest for whatever reason, there are always ways that you can make a difference.
$C: Enjoy being oppressed with that attitude. 🤷‍♂️
$C: Word.  I gave up on BLM almost at the beginning, as far as actually showing up.  I just take the verbal debates to the internets, and in person if a contrary word needs to be heard from a white person.  There's more than one way to push an issue.

$C: Not Trump supporters, the media.
$C: I think the US needs millions to go to the streets and protest then you would have the GOP do what they actually want which is to initiate the impeachment process. The GOP leaders are too scared right now but they must know deep down how this will end. He has to go. Simple
$C: I loved your little revolution After the world Cup.
Burning cars, raped women,  a lot of destruction and mayhem. 

It feels so refreshing to see the French being true to their colors. 
$C: And yet beware!

Don't let the wine go to your [BRAAAAAIIINS!](https://youtu.be/1lKX8xBK0Lw?t=24)
$C: The day you really wanna get serious about revolution we'll be happy to send the French navy with ships full of wine, just like old times.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Ye but their basic food is so good when you travel around. I don’t think I have ever had bad food in France. So good
$C: Don't forget how Belgium was the most beautiful team that ever played on a football pitch, with talents rivaling the Galactic Real Madrid.
$C: "I don't want to get murdered by a white supremacist"

"Pussy"
$C: Sure, completely agree except the fear of getting shot stems from all the people who get shot so... how often are french officers involved in fatal shootings? Bet ours have you beat and I bet it's by a lot. Also, we protest it just hasn't accomplished anything but we'll keep trying to no avail. You guys should come over and show us how it's done. 


$C: Ya and I've seen them on roller blade in shorty shorts. We are talking about a country 15 times the size of france with more guns than people and the biggest military in the world. I've been to pairs on July 14th, you guys can overwhelm that city. We could not overwhelm New York, Chicago, Boston, LA, Denver, DC, Miami, Philadelphia, etc all at the same time. Not to mention how divided we all are on almost every issue. I love you French and I like that you keep egging us on but that shit would equal civil war in the us. 
$C: This! As a German, I can't believe there are so few of you out on the streets at the moment.
$C: Just make sure not to fuck that up and protest vote, you got actual fascists running.
$C: New Zealander here. Yes, we are paying very close attention to what is going on up there and I wish I could be there marching alongside you. Please, do your duty for democracy!
$C: It doesn't matter what the GOP calls it or what his cultist base believes. Neither does FOX News get to dictate what should be possible. It's going wrong now, the system is set up so it is hard to protest against it and hard to impeach a president of congress is complicit and passive. But do it anyway. Proof to the world that your "motto" as 'land of the free and  home of the brave' still holds true. 

Mass protests are totally justified too. Look at other democracies: leaders have been successfully forced to step down before for much, MUCH less. If the people overwhelmingly have lost faith in their government or president, then mass protests should be enough to convince democratically elected leaders to consider if they should hold new elections so they can have a mandate from the people again.

There's a definition of democracy being a temporary dictatorship. I thought was dramatically exaggerated. But if you see that USA is the only country in the world that seems to have to keep the same government at all cost, no matter what they do. If you see that the elected people have cheated their way through an election and attempt to stop the investigation into them, even make it easier to cheat for themselves in the future. And all hoping that they'll hand it over after the next election, for which the system is already cheated in their favor by gerrymandering and alike. 

Demand Trump (and eventually the complicit GOP members) to step down NOW. Cheaters expect the others to play by the rules. But the rules aren't fair. Demand new elections now before they have a chance to make you forget half of the crimes they've done and before they've indoctrinated more people with their cold war manipulation strategies. And the next legitimate government can try to review the rules and fix them. Look at what other democracies have as fail-safe and learn. 
$C: Aren't you the party of the media and gun control?

How are you going to 'coup' when you have no weapons and have your coalition of groups who hate each other on a regular basis, live in geographically packed spaces, and largely believe entitlements and gov control are naturally beneficial?

Like, I don't get this cognitive dissonance. If you were true leftists, who believed in guns and that governments were mechanisms of enslavement, I could understand, but you're really just republicans with slightly different moral values and are super salty you sold yourselves out to your own oligarch billionaires, who flipped on you the second someone else won.

I can't really be shocked.
$C: Because protesting and voting was so effective against trump the first time.
$C: Also remember, the democrats are as corrupt as the republicans, if not worse!  Don't replace one baddie with another!  Vote independent if you have to!
$C: Because the Democrats haven't done exactly that since the election? 
$C: Can we actually have a coup in this country? I mean, I know we have the right to take up arms and form a militia. But wouldn’t any attempt at a coup just involve the National Guard being rolled out? 

Edit: I was asking seriously. Like, some countries have it written into the constitution that they can have a coup when it is needed. 
$C: We can protest and vote. Voting is the most important thing though. As we have learned, elections have consequences.
$C: It's not too late to register to run as a candidate for the next election... Be the change.
$C: That's the kind of thing that should be obvious, but escapes me... Thanks for the idea!
$C: Yea...all the folks spending money on reddit Gold should really be donating that to Democratic candidates in swing districts. If the Dems retake the House this year, the subpoenas will start flying out the door...think like *multiple* Mueller investigations that cannot be squashed by the White House. Some of these Republican henchmen will squeal, and then we find out how deep the rabbit hole really goes. 

That is what's at stake this year. 
$C: Honestly, party loyalty is what got us here, IMO. I don't really care if the guy in office is a democrat or a republican. If he has viewpoints I agree with and seems to be a reasonable human being, I'll vote for him regardless of the party line.  
Voting out all the republicans and voting in all democrats only trades one bag of problems for another. I'd really rather candidates be people of integrity worthy of the position and not just 'less bad than the other guy.'  


...also Santa please bring me a pony.
$C: I like the attitude but it is too simple, it isnt a matter of red and blue here. Action beyond political parties needs to be taken.
$C: Yes because things were so much better when the Democrats were in power. This two party system is working out great. /s
$C: [removed]
$C: why not try a new third party to find compromise between dems and reps?

THE DEMOCRAT PARTY IS CORRUPT.

Did we not learn anything from the Bernie Sanders nomination theft? The Democratic party is not the only solution all of the time. open your minds.

$C: You're definitely right, it's not just Trump. It's him, it's many Republican Congressmen, it's the uneducated base, it's the legality of lobbying, it's the indoctrination of shit like Fox News, and so much more that is the problem.

I'm no religious man, but god, I pray that it's not too late. It's already too late in many ways, but maybe not too late to cut out enough cancer to survive.
$C: The problem is that the voters will always hold the power to put someone in office and I seriously worry that the silent majority will keep Trump in when the next vote comes around.

When we see elections like this, the media likes to sensationalise the voters and break them into two groups, as if it's gun-toting rednecks against 20 year old hipster liberals.

The truth is that there is an entire section of average Americans who have their reasons for voting for Trump and, even if they aren't proud enough to voice their opinion, it will still be his name they choose when it comes to the ballot box.
$C: Hahaha, thanks for that. Didn't expect to get a laugh in this thread. :)
$C: It has been since election day or sooner, really... And the corruption itself goes back much further, to be sure.
$C: If need be, yes. I can say that now without thinking it out of hand.

In the coming weeks and months, so much more is going to come out, and you know it's going to get worse. And if even off-the-wall insanity like this can't get us to move, when those in power continue to do nothing, then we have absolutely NO RIGHT to expect change.

Edit: By "move" here I meant general taking of action, but revolution may still be or become necessary.
$C: Yeah..... In another comment here, I answered yes to the question of revolution that it may be necessary, and this is part of why.

Public opinion is blowing up against Trump more than ever before, and while he suggests SENDING INVESTIGATORS TO RUSSIA, Congress is denouncing it while continuing to blatantly deregulate everything. Unless something truly drastic happens, they're going to run out government through the ground and into hell, and part of that will be rigging the vote as hard as any vote has ever been rigged.

This... isn't going to be pretty if it doesn't end soon. If the people don't force a change, the US is literally doomed.

Which is why I'm going to protest like fuck, and join an organization or something. Because we all should be finding some way to contribute.
$C: You've got that right. May need to make a push for an economic strike.

For my part, sadly I'm a student that hardly spends money outside of video games and food... Relatively little I can withhold, but I'll see what I can do.
$C: Mhm. Even if chances are good, as it looks now, that the elections will be incredibly rigged, we still need to cast our votes.

I was apathetic most of my life to this point, but there's never a good enough reason to not vote. Ever. If nothing else, I'm glad that this unadulterated disaster has taught me that.
$C: If you're referring to the public, then yeah. Predictably, there's still always something happening and some are slowly galvanizing, and there's that ongoing protest at the White House, but no huge public action.

I still think about this thing, but I personally haven't even heard much about the Rosenstein impeachment proceedings since the day after. :l
$C: And if it's cast the wrong way, the brainwashed ones will take it as a war cry.

Of course, some on that side have already called for war... And Trump will twist things as much as he can, no matter what... But even if we're at the point of revolution, I don't think it needs to be violent revolution yet. I definitely hope it isn't.
$C: Let’s wait until we see the evidence before saying there is nothing. Cuz there’s a metric shit ton of circumstantial evidence that is public knowledge, and if there’s one thing we know about Mueller it’s that he runs a tight ship and never shows his hand before it’s played. 
$C: Whilst it offers no evidence of collusion before the fact, it very much offers evidence of collusion after the fact. 

Trump had a choice, he could have been honest and open about the Russian collusion and possibly put his own presidency in jeopardy.

Instead he very much choose the opposite, he chose to lie and attempt to cover up the evidence of the Russian involvement for his own gain. That is very much collusion after the fact. 
$C: Bah, no reason to call you an apologist or bot just for that. You're right that this is no proof of collusion in regards to the election, and that we need to see that.

But that doesn't change anything about Helsinki. There is no legitimate possible reason to meet alone-plus-translator with Vladimir Putin, and what happened after that was no better.

We haven't seen the evidence for pre-election collusion, but evidence of treason was televised. And there is a lot of evidence for other shady shit he's done.

Where there's fire, there's fire.
$C: I've never been very politically active but the current climate around the world is rapidly changing that.
$C: Protesting doesn't really do anything. It's a waste of time to protest when you can be volunteering for better political candidates instead. 
$C: Just like they did in the presidential election. Keep telling yourself that 
$C: By the time Mueller has done anything it will be 2020 and Trump will be voted out.
$C: So the solution is thoughts & prayers? Americans need to take some hints from the E.U., stop going to work and protest in the streets until change is made.
$C: That is if he hasn't completely dismantled the country first. 
$C: [removed]
$C: Just curious but I’m all for voting, just want to state that right off the bat, but Clinton *did* win the popular vote. so how do we combat a party winning but losing to the electoral college? Say we all vote, win the popular vote, but they somehow win again by the electoral college, than what? 
$C: Maybe also take a note from every other country on Earth who would be out in the streets by the millions of this happened there 

Americans are soft af. Oh it's ok, we will just vote!
$C: To be fair... (and you're right, I know this sounds defeatist)

...there are *plenty* of people in *plenty* of states/districts/counties/etc. where their vote really doesn't matter.

It.  Just.  Doesn't.  

You can throw out any platitudes or inspirational words you want, it doesn't change that fact.  

In the context of the 2016 Presidential election, I won't say my vote didn't matter - but no way would Trump win my area (relatively affluent Philly burbs, heavy blue area - it was 256k to 162k in favor of Hillary).  I wasn't tipping any scales.

But, looking at PA as a whole (where Trump somehow F'ing won, I was sickened, but not shocked...even though I'm pretty sure Bush in '88 was the last Republican to win PA...so a bit of a shocker), there's likely a measurable amount of people who didn't get out in the areas that matter in our purple state that would've absolutely made a difference, so you're not wrong when it counts. 

That being said, I really do appreciate the sentiment behind your post.  I'm with you 100%.  Apathy is never the answer.
$C: There are many much more empowering and immediate exercises of democracy out there than waiting patiently for the next election ... for instance ... marching out into the streets. 
$C: No they've made voting obsolete.
$C: If the vote tallies are changed through Russian hacking, voting does *not* matter anymore. In fact, until we can get proof that the votes have not been manipulated, voting is moot. If we can't be transparent and establish a system that can't be rigged or hacked, we're exactly like Russia, where voting is a laughable charade.
$C: Less than 1/4 voted for trump then
$C: Should've, could've, would've.

The fact of the matter is that she had what, three million more votes, and didn't win? The system is broken.
$C: [removed]
$C: This should be higher. Doesn't that make voting kind of irrelevant?
$C: I mean yes. Staticians believe votes were changed. Recent news that back doors were installed points to that as well.

So it certainly is reasonable to say that I personally fear my vote won't matter.

Edit: I'll still be voting.
$C: Even if my vote had been the one vote needed to tip the scales of Arkansas from red to blue, that wouldn't have changed the outcome of the election. 
$C: > Well, we can get him out of office if we get a Democrat majority in Congress

How? Removal takes 2/3 of Senate, not majority.
$C: I'm an American. (I never thought I'd be more ashamed to say it.) 

You aren't wrong. No one cares. Our voter turn outs are pitiful, we very rarely take to the streets, we don't strike, we have forgotten that we out number them. 
$C: What makes you think I said you shouldn't vote?

When the time comes, vote, and for the love of god do it.


But that is not what this is all about
$C: > A riot is the language of the unheard.

-MLK
$C: Yeah! Don't do ANYTHING until November! Just wait and vote like a good citizen! Now pick up that can
$C: Yup. Learn how to tell facts from lies you'd like to believe because they match your preconceptions. Then vote based on what you've learned.

Critical thinking is hard work: Following your tribe is easy. If we have a future as a democracy, we have to figure out how to get most of our citizens to do a better job at that.
$C: The problem is that we don't know the complete extent of Russia's involvement in the 2016 election and many things are classified or said in non-public meetings of congress.
$C: I plan to :) however my state is already blue and we did our best in the presidential election as well.
$C: Why would you want to drive that far to protest? Protest wherever you are. Just make sure to do it simultaneous to have any impact. Protesting local but simultaneous is what people in Europe do all the time and the "people don't realise how big US is" argument makes no sense to me at all.

However at a certain point protesting or revolting means to give up some comfort or even financially or personal security. I fully understand, why it's hard to leave ones comfort zone and go out there to change something. I don't even want to say that i would act any different. 

I just don't get all the reasons people are using in this thread and elsewhere to justify why they can't do anything to make a change. Your president is enough of a lier, don't lie to yourselves! 
$C: World: when are you going to stop this lunacy??
America: I can’t right now. I have to return some video tapes. 
$C: Well, you're not Bruce Wayne. Are you?
$C: Active protests *are* occurring.

And do you even realize how much a 2 hour drive would add up to for a normal person working a 9-5 job? Off at 5, drive to protest, arrive at 7, protest even for an hour, arrive back home at 10.

Thinking that's possible for the majority of people is silly. Protest if you can sure, but you're downplaying a significant barrier. 

Add for changing the future of the country, this is where voting is much more important than protesting. We still have abysmal voter turnout and we can rid the country of people like Trump (and including Trump) with our ballots. 
$C: I'm one of the people protesting, but thanks.

It's ironic you're complaining about us not protesting a president who is ignoring facts while doing the same. 
$C: There is a significant problem in my country. I can't deny that. However, if there was a protest in Washington DC, it would be over a 15 hour drive for me. The drive, hotel, and and time off work are all things that I can't afford. What can I do? I vote, but I think our voting system is compromised. My officials don't represent me.

Edit: also, do you understand how large the US military is? They won't hesitate to use that force on protestors. The local police in many areas are heavily armed as well and it's not unusual for them to have extensive heavy military grade equipment.

Edit: other things I do are calling my reps, sending emails, writing letters, and I donate to the few politicians left who aren't corrupt.
$C: Lol yup ignore the structural issues that prevent protest and resistance, such radicalism!
$C: Pretty much scrapping the entire bill of rights and constitution? I mean, I know it's kinda getting shit on as it is. But were still not seeing cops straight up just searching every single person without reason. They aren't knocking on doors to seize assets. People and being "disappeared" en masse. Protestors aren't being gunned down in the streets. 

It can get a lot worse. 

I fear we're in a "boiling frog"scenario. First it was the Patriot act ( proposed by Republicans but virtually unopposed by dems). Then the total erosion of privacy by proxy through the private sector. Now gun control/elimination of all firearms ( I support much better control/enforcement, but oppose straight banning of firearms)

Idk man. I dont have a lot of answers. 
$C: Healthcare through your job... lose your job because you're out protesting (and because you have no sick leave or vacation time because it's not required) and you lose your healthcare. 
$C: You're right, but I mentioned in another post that this is exactly the problem. The standard of living is being kept at a level where the American population feel complacent enough to not have to do anything. "I have a warm bed, food to eat, and a stable job. Whatever Trump's doing can't be *that* bad." I feel like this is a subconscious thought that runs through a lot of people's minds, since it's easier to get riled up in online debate than it is to actually go out and do something.

I'm no military strategist. I don't know where protests, coups or revolutions should take place. They can happen right outside your front door, I suppose. But even then, there can be ramifications. Just because the people aren't hungry, have an internet connection and entertainment to come with it, doesn't mean that your country is not being run into the ground. In fact, I could wager that those things are being kept available so that your country CAN be run into the ground, and people won't bother to do anything about it.
$C: Why do you have to go to DC? 
$C: You don't need to go to DC. It can happen anywhere. I definitely understand what you're getting at here (that protests cost time and money that people don't have, and you can't just give those things up in the hope of a better tomorrow) but are you going to give up that easily? Look at the article. Look around. 150K upvotes and 62 gilds do jack shit. That won't change anything in the grand scheme of things. Trump and Putin presumably have bigger things to worry about than a popular post on Reddit, especially when most people will just go on about their day after leaving a snarky comment about it. Protests can happen anywhere. All you need is some time, organisation, and, hopefully, some signs and pens! What surprises me is that people on Reddit seem to get more angry at things like lootbox controversies than things like this. If the backlash for Trump's collusion was anywhere near what happened with EA (at least amongst the Reddit population) then there might actually be some change. But I'm no fortune teller. Only time can tell.
$C: Evenings and weekends. It sucks but the alternative is basically Gilead.

This either ends with tens of millions of people in the streets or you remain a vassal state of the Russian government. This isn't a drill.
$C: Protesting has never been 'easy' for working people - that's why its so effective when College students are on board.
$C: I think it's worth a day's pay or two.
$C: You may be right, but it isn't the time to be a negative nancy. If you can get out and protest!
$C: If there were more than 2 parties, then that would be fine.
$C: Majority is necessary to perform any progress. Having a balanced congress or parliament is the worst case ever - decisions will not be made. It could only work if there are multiple parties or if the 2 parties are quite centre leaning. Both are not the case in the US.
$C: Is there a way to protest from my computer? I like relaxing watching TV after work, I don't really feel like standing outside for hours. 
$C: Seems like most of the Americans even in this comment section have given up before anything has even happened.

Good luck to you, you'll need it. 
$C: I admire your faith in our country and humanity
$C: That Russia is a threat and that they interfered? 

First off, that doesn't negate anything I just mentioned, we know they interfered, but the effect they had on the actual election has never been estimated to be anything significant in the scope of the election. Secondly, the US intelligence agencies are always fearmongering about Russia and China. China has done far more damage to the US in the past decade than Russia has, and US intelligence agencies often push that message too, but for some reason the average Joe doesn't seem to care too much about that either. Both Russia and China have been and always will be threats, but the country with a GDP lower than Mexico is quite a bit less capable than the second-place economic power.

The most funny part to me is that in 2012, Romney got mocked by Obama for calling Russia a threat.
$C: It's definitely a lot to risk and if it could be done to a degree that puts our country back on the right path for our people then I/we/they would do it. But we as a people are so distracted, gaslighted, re-routed, ignored, and placated by the culture we're inundated by that we can't be coherent and cohesive. There's so many more of us than during the own ~~protest~~ revolution that founded America, yet there's so many more obstacles to deter us.

And some of us realize that and feel hopeless.
$C: Maybe, but if they got big enough (like Venezuela's protests) then more people may come out because like herd mentality or some shit
$C: Not a dick head, a pussy head hahahaha... You guys are the joke.
$C: Military tends to be conservative. 
$C: And then they call it resisting arrest
$C: Thanks I'll look into it. 
$C: Ten bucks says that ConfrontCorruption is a Russian organization.
$C: I thought so too but I was told it's not. 
$C: By voting. Ya'll got guns, it'll be bad.
$C: Seriously, Im gonna march on Washington this Saturday. That'll show em. 
$C: They are. But also disorganized. There is no organization that can bus demonstrators to DC as there were during the civil rights movement.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Then change them. You have freedom to vote for whatever party you want, don't you? You don't have to be stuck in a two party system forever.
$C: Sure, but again - voting for the opposing party is not a proper solution. How about get more political parties?
$C: More accurately the Republican party is hanging on to Trump's coattails.  For all the talk about the revolt in the DNC, the Republican party has it far worse.  Their base absolutely knows that they are completely untrustworthy, is absolutely sick of the status quo in their party, and was determined to go with Trump over anyone they had to offer.  Bernie may have shook up the DNC, but Trump shattered the GOP.
$C: There are alternatives. None have had the support needed to win an election. 

RE: Support, meaning $$$

We’re essentially an oligarchy/plutarchy 
$C: First past the post system, by design, leads to a two party system. Voting for a third party actually has the opposite effect of helping your opponents.

There's other parties in the US, but they generally run their candidates in the democratic and republican primaries (A democratic socialist won the primary in a NY District and will likely have a seat on the house, and republicans have their Tea Party candidates) rather than running in the general (except Green and Libertarian)
$C: Somehow I don't think that's what u/ZarathustraV is talking about.
$C: Well said. This is precisely true in a way that I feel like too much of the commentary misses, or at least approaches with too dull an edge. Donald Trump's pathology is a result of the life he's led. He has been this way for decades, not just since his birtherism started (though, since that's when so much of the political press first paid attention to him, they often unduly and irritatingly behave as if that is the beginning of his history).  


This is what happens to a human being when the first time they are expected to truly confront their own failings occurs when they are 72 years old... those failings become the largest parts of their personality and they have absolutely no hope for ever being able to cope with them or even begin to gain perspective on them. He cannot believe he is expected to behave differently, he cannot even understand that he is expected to behave differently, or that he could ever be held to account. The degree to which he is absolutely stunted as a human being is the real underlying cause of his behavior.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Very true. There are a few trump documentaries on Netflix that truly show the type of man he is. Anyone that believes trump will suddenly do the right thing is delusional. The guy is old as fuck and spend his entire life scheming and lying and getting away with it. Why the hell would he suddenly change his ways now?
$C: He isn't. Do you see how long he's been president already?
$C: It has exposed just how toothless all the ethics laws, conventions, and departments in DC are.    All presidents turning over their tax documents?  Emoluments clause?  They're garbage without any kind of enforcement
$C: He has been held to account many times by the courts of law. He simply believes he is super special and gives zero cares about anyone elses opinion whatever happens. And as you say I am sure no one really confronts him about his behaviour. 
$C: You're right. This is a man who was handed everything to him on a ~~silver~~ gold platter. He is arrogant, egotistical, pompous and fucking clueless on so many levels. Trump has been easily manipulated by Putin and I absolutely believe Trump is afraid of Putin. I can't wait for everything to come out.  
$C: He doesn't, for one second, think he is expected to behave differently now.

He just thinks he has more shiny big buttons to push and can make his own laws.
$C: i believe that's the textbook definition of a megalomaniac.
$C: Who is going to trust an election where those in control of the government are willing participants in Russia's ongoing information war and attacks on our election system?

Trump is not doing his job. In fact, as mentioned in this thread, and eluded to by the NYTimes, it's *much worse than that*. He's in on the conspiracy. He's deliberately muddying the waters by claiming "Could be other people also. A lot of people out there."
$C: /r/BlueMidterm2018
$C: Dear Sub-Human Filth,
 
I'm appealing to all of you stupid idiots to vote Democrat in 2018. That is if you have the basic education enough to read a ballot, anyway. I understand the majority of you racist rednecks can't even read this post, though. But those who can, please pass my message on to the rest of your inbred family.
 
We Democrats are morally, culturally and intellectually superior to you in every way. I will qualify myself by noting that I have a Liberal Arts degree from a college, which you obviously have never been to, if you even know what one is. I also have a black friend. I have been told by several professors that everything you hold dear is terrible. Therefore you, personally, are also terrible.
 
I don't know you, but I know that you're racist. I also know that you hate gay people and still get scared during lightning storms.
 
The religion which you hold closely, greatly believe in, and which brings you comfort--you are wrong because I'm smarter than you and I'm telling you so. It is one of the many reasons why you are stupid and I'm better than you.
 
You see, us Democrats want a system which helps everyone in the world. Our system is designed around love and kindness to everyone. If you don't agree, I hate you.
 
It's not too late to change. If you knew your history, which of course you don't, you'll remember a time in America when Indians were dragged away from their homes and forced to assimilate into white society. Well, we want to change that kind of behaviour (sorry for my spelling, as I'm not from your country) by making sure you go to college and have a small apartment in a big, busy coastal city, where you belong. That will help you rid yourselves of your backward, incorrect culture and way of thinking. We'll do everything we can to make sure you agree with us and say all the right things and not be brainwashed against thinking the same way we do.
 
All of you stupid, backward, redneck, racist, homophobic, uneducated yokels need to realize we're trying to build a classless society where we all get to live in harmony with each other, where we're all equal. If you only understood that you wouldn't be so much worse of a person than I am.
 
So please vote Democrat. Help me help you, you worthless motherfuckers.


$C: I'd rather eat razor blades. What else is on the menu?

Trump being shit doesn't mean democrats deserve to be in power because that means I'm voting for their awful brand of bullshit. 

So my options are an inept corrupt idiot or a bunch of people who despise me and want to delete half the bill of rights. Great.
$C: Well I'd say it doesn't indicate collaboration either.
$C: Because that inherently puts that country's best interests in the mind of the one being elected. Piss off that country, and you lose your election support. That's called a conflict of interests, and something the founders were really worried about (actually, one of the things they were most worried about) when they were drafting the constitution. This is why the constitution has not just one, but two emoluments clauses explicitly violating a president from accepting gifts or doing personal business with other countries, or even states (to avoid a particular state getting benefits from a president who wants to do business there). Trump has been violating both of these since day one. Notable people who didn't violate these include Jimmy Carter, who put his peanut farm in a blind trust to appease Republicans who called it a huge conflict of interests if he pushed for... peanut benefits, or something - and Thomas Jefferson, who handed over a diamond encrusted box gifted to him from France to the ownership of the government. If they hadn't, it would be considered a bribe and their interests and motives would be in question.

So that's the _reason_ these kinds of laws exist, but in this particular case (ie: running for president), we already have a similar one - it's already illegal to accept anything of value from foreign entities as a donation, either material or otherwise. This can be large cash donations, but it also includes services and information, which absolutely includes things like "high level and sensitive information ... part of Russia and its government's support for Mr. Trump".

It was illegal when he was running, it's illegal now as he's president, and there are a dozen other constitutional violations we could easily justify impeaching him for.

Edit: Minor addendum: this is of course on a case-by-case basis - if a candidate is *unknowingly* aided by a country, that's still bad but doesn't necessarily mean we should immediately impeach, provided they take actions against said country and push for measures to prevent it in the future, and themselves have a clear will to serve the people rather than a personal vested interest in being aided by the other country. Trump (and the republicans, to be fair) doesn't at all fit this bill though, because he A: knew about it, B: tried to cover it up, C: tried to kill the investigation, D: is actively working in the adversarial country's interests, and E: is pushing to *prevent* any improvements to the election process that could prevent this kind of thing in the future.
$C: Paying a foreign hostile agent to hack the voter rolls, the DNC strategy, The DCCC, individual computers of various political leaders including John Podesta, constitutes election fraud or what I called election tampering.

I did not say that voting machines were hacked, although that is a possibility yet to be explored.  I did not say that votes were faked, although that technology exists.

What was done was enough to squeak out an Electoral College win by somewhere around 50,000 votes.

Voters were kicked from the rolls prior to the election.  They did so based on a list of voters obtained through hacking.

Your response is not fact based, and doesn't change the fact that our election was attacked by Russian military, and increasingly evidence is pointing to a Russian conspiracy with the Trump campaign.

We have a Russian spy in custody who funnelled 30 million dollars to the Trump campaign from Russia through the NRA.

We have Paul Manafort, who acted as a contact with the Russians.
We have Michael Cohen, Trump's personal attorney, who laundered money for the Russians.
$C: Cyka blyat
$C: He's gonna disappear to Russia, he's too much of a pussy
$C: Yeah but I was trying to be realistic. No way he would give up his presidency, dude has tried 3 times to get it.
$C: "legal Definition of treason. : the offense of attempting to overthrow the government of one's country or of assisting its enemies in war; specifically : the act of levying war against the United States or adhering to or giving aid and comfort to its enemies by one who owes it allegiance."


$C: Why do you hate America and American law enforcement but love and support the mafia boss Putin? Why do you trust Vladimir Putin over American agents? This idea that their credibility is in any way comparable is completely absurd and ahistorical. 
$C: I am one of those poor work long hours people, look I have no health care and I have debt, I have to work weekdays, but weekends you bet your ass 
$C: Saw a post once that said "Action wont be taken until the majority of peoples daily lives are inconvienienced by the government." you said it perfectly, nothing will be done as long as we are content and ignore the fact this is going on. Call your reps, form protests, vote for god sake.
$C: > The American people are either poor and working terrible jobs with long hours and therefore don't have the money or time to protest

and yet people in countries like romania which are far poorer still manage to. The problem is that you're afraid of actually doing anything.
$C: I bet Latin Americans are far poorer, and their cops are far more brutal than those in the US. Perhaps it's true that nothing will happen until the day people doesn't have a meal to eat, but that's pretty sad. 
$C: Land of the free y’all
$C: It's the exact same way in other countries. Other countries don't get "protest days" off work. They go out
$C: And the media will make fun of protesters. 
$C: Sounds horribly much like the situation in places like North Korea, really. Could revolt but that would mean that you starve to death.
$C: > The American people are either poor and working terrible jobs with long hours and therefore don't have the money or time to protest,

And those who have the time to actually Protest have been villainized by the Government as "Lazy" "Welfare Hogs" "Lesser" & "Hippies" so nobody takes them seriously.

$C: Ehh. Most people I know, including myself, just aren't being affected at all (yet). The only direct effect Trumps presidency has had on me is a reduction in income tax and a 30%+ jump in my employers stock, which I have investments in. I say this to be representative of Americans outside of major cities, a demographic not heavily represented on Reddit. Most people I know are happy to just keep living their lives, especially those that don't really keep up with politics.
$C: > The American people are either poor and working terrible jobs with long hours and therefore don't have the money or time to protest, or they are not concerned, or they are content to complain about Trump without doing anything or leaving the comfort and safety of their home.

[Fact:](https://streamable.com/pd2px) 62,984,825 [Americans](https://i.imgur.com/xKwPiuX.jpg) voted for [Donald Trump](http://i.imgur.com/c0MvmlD.jpg) (Who is [like, really smart](https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/949618475877765120) and a [very stable genius](https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/949619270631256064)) to become the [president](https://media.npr.org/assets/img/2017/11/13/ap_17317098262784_wide-2980cf36f794d83ac0ec6886d2a853da2963bbdf-s900-c85.jpg) of the United States. [God bless America.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vp1wdJKpIh8)
$C: Your first paragraph and last paragraph are demonstrably wrong. 
$C: all of that applies double to Chile, which was Milton Friedmans little chemistry set. They're just harder than we are.
$C: Plus, if we get injured or shot at a protest, we don't have good Healthcare, so there's a good chance people will go into debt from that too. 
$C: IMO the only thing that will work is not voting for Trump again. This is something that so many people don't understand. Votes matter. Get out there and vote his ass out of office!!
$C: Not to mention most of the the terrible jobs/long hours people thought trump was going to “bring money back” and the republicans in corporate office are either still relishing their tax cuts or too confused to say anything yet 
$C: I don't think that the economy is much of a reason. Look at Chile after 9/11 (of 1973), with poverty, repression and lots of death, but even the school kids were highly organized. Social outrage is a culture!
$C: If you start a revolution, they will come. We need a leader to help us overthrow this government and clear away its corruption. A government with representation by population will be the most beneficial. There will be blood, but I am willing to give my life something like this. Heck I bet our founding fathers would also be in on this if they lived in the 21st century.
$C: I always thought it was 9 meals (3 days). I don't think id revolt after one day without food. 
$C: That last line is key.

They'll choke you to death in front of your friends, while being recorded in 1080p as you scream "I can't breathe" for selling cigarettes and lacking respect.

God forbid you juice those shit heads up by telling them It's time to bash in some treasonous liberal skulls "for America"
$C: excuses everything just excuses there are way poorer countries with worse working conditions who go out and protest
$C: "This too shall pass"


.......unfortunately
$C: Protesting comes with consequences, that's just its nature. All you've said is that going to work and paying the bills is more important than changing the country for the better. This is why nothing changes because Americans have collectively decided that change is not worth it. 

That's why I'm baffled why you all complain so much about a problem you're all complicit in.
$C: Yes, I can see how work is an issue. Here workers are protected enough so that they can stop an industry protesting and not get fired or lose a lot. Unions also make it a lot easier. 

As protesting here is legal, even if police is often present they only intervene if it becomes a riot. But it's still safe enough that a few weeks ago i saw a group of mothers marching with their children against child abuse.
$C: I'm not protesting. They'll use those sound canons and I'll be permanently crippled.
$C: Sounds like you're saying that some people don't think things are too bad and that they haven't been pushed into the streets yet. Or maybe they just watch different tv shows than you guys. Politics news shows are ok, but this season is boring. It's just too similar to previous seasons...
$C: How can you all be poor and overworked when your country is so outrageously rich? 
$C: >Also the police will break up any big protest

Actually we need this. They WILL kill a couple black people but we might need that to wake the fuck up.
$C: Who gives a shit how the right reacts. We’re not doing it for them, we’re doing it to show that we won’t stand for it. 
$C: The protests aren't big enough, sadly, because most people can't risk losing their jobs/healthcare to get involved.
$C: Not on a scale that anyone would care about. And it's not like it disrupts anything. Folks do iton the weekends when theyre off work. Why do you think the protests a few years ago got so much attention? Because they were impossible to ignore. Folks were disrupting people's livelihoods and we're impossible to ignore. Unfortunately, we moved on. This isn't something that we can move on from or ignore. It has to keep going until Trump and the GOP are gone.
$C: Very mildly protesting
$C: It’s not the size the the country it’s the degree of the protest. Nothing is happening in the uS on the scale of the Civil Rights movement (which people at the time were desperate to ignore).

You do march on Washington and state capitals but you do it on weekdays, you do it when you will disrupt normal business. It’s not for show, it’s for real.

You block traffic.

You strike. 

You boycott.

Your own history shows how you make the powerful pay attention. 

This is the comfortable boiling frog. No one wants to sacrifice real inconvenience, real risk, real cost. And the democracy is boiled alive.
$C: People need to highlight it more on social media (that includes Reddit). I see this type of news upvoted more than, for example, powerful photos of protest that might actually inspire others to do the same.

Unless there are and I've totally missed it. I personally think that spreading *visual* images of protest is a lot more tangible and real than just people saying "but there are protests... everywhere". Yes, that's very easy to ignore. For now you guys are being overwhelmed with the same photo of Trump with the same expression and that's the one that sticks for now. Like [this photo](https://timedotcom.files.wordpress.com/2017/02/romania-corruption-protests-2.jpg) from the protests in Bucharest in 2017. I remember that happened, because photos like that were everywhere for a while.
$C: Americans don't know how to protest though. They think just marching down a main street or gathering a crowd in front of a landmark and giving speeches will do anything. A real regime toppling protest involves shutting down the economy, or at least significant portions of it, so that the powers that be have no choice but to do something or risk economic collapse. 
$C: Politicians do not care about protests. They care about re-election. Until they see that republican voters are swinging away from Trump they will not impeach him.

Do not preach to the believers, try to convince even a single republican voter instead
$C: I agree this is part of it. Most of the countries that fight corrupt governments are smaller than many of our states. 
$C: No an excuse. Theres that thing called strike too. If noone shows up at work, a country so big will be easily paralyzed. This is the type of power The People have.
$C: I feel as though a lot of Americans are afraid of protesting at this point. Without proper gun laws, it could easily be infiltrated with shooters trying to make a point. Just like the violence in Charlottesville.
$C: God Bless urban sprawl. 
$C: I see, I haven't seen an American protest make the news lately (not only my country's news, but on the internet), specially none about this issue, so I speak from what I see.

Maybe they're big enough, it's just better not to report on it and word doesn't get out. It happens here too
$C: Russia is an even bigger country, and I remembered they protested quite effectively, executing tzar and overthrowing their government. And they didn't even had Twitter back then. 
$C: I understand. Work laws are definitely an issue in and of itself. Here most workers can protest (usually all workers of X place instead of a few ones) and not really lose anything. It is not such a good idea when you have much more to lose. I understand
$C: The protests should be at congressional offices.  Congressmen won't vote to impeach until they fear losing their jobs.  

$C: A couple hundred people, at most, is still easy to ignore.
$C: > take part of their 10-15 days of vacation for the year

Who even gets that? Almost everyone I know, myself included, does not get a single day of vacation away from work.
$C: Yes, i definitely think it is wrong that you guys aren't protected to protest and not get backlash. Now don't get me wrong, we do get backlash, but from what I'm reading here it seems it's easier and more plausible to protest here than it is to protest there.

I understand now
$C: I keep seeing things like this, people saying "The UK showed the US how to do it!" that make me really worry that the magnitude and multitude of our protests here are not reaching the outside world, even the other western democracies. The Women's March the day after his inauguration had an estimated 3.3-5.6 million people, 500,000-1,000,000 In Washington D.C. alone. While these were the largest so far, mass protests and occupations are happening here all the time, both organized and impromptu. The problem is how divided the population is, and how willfully, proudly  ignorant and disdainful a large segment of the people have been made by decades of constant and pervasive right wing propaganda. When we block our highways in protest, there is a massive amount of people goading our militarized police and the crazier right wingers to arrest or kill us; there have even been politicians who have introduced legislation that would make it effectively legal to hit protesters with your vehicle. The murder in Charlottesville last summer was hardly an out-of-the-blue incident, but a crescendo of a slowly gathering right wing narrative. We already have the [highest incarceration numbers](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2015/07/07/yes-u-s-locks-people-up-at-a-higher-rate-than-any-other-country/?noredirect=on&utm_term=.1fea8e17013c) of any known society by a wide margin. There is practically no class consciousness or solidarity in much of America, especially white America. Our government structure is not like yours, nor is our society. It's not as easy or simple as protest and vote, which is all I ever hear from well-meaning but naive Europeans, Australians, New Zealanders, etc. It's going to take full-on mass revolution and culture change, quite possibly resulting in another civil war. There is no truly peaceful option at this point. America is NOT and has never been the country it has so effectively projected itself as, both to other countries around the world and to so many of its own citizens here who still believe the lie. You need to adjust your expectations as to how much and how swiftly this country will see meaningful, positive change, and the real human costs at which it will come.

Edit: just wanted to let you know I'm not angry at you in particular friend, just mad in general at the state of our country
$C: You are wrong
$C: Agreed. Until this hits people **hard** in their pocketbooks, the protests will be "small". They're already large, but not quite percentage wise like other other countries when they protest. The size and wealth are hindrances to protests.
$C: Rich... 
$C: Right? Man foreigners in this thread are acting like there haven't been tons of protests and shit. We're working on it.
$C: Well you can't compare protesting an elected president and protesting a dictator.

Who is gonna protest him if he's killing everyone who does so? How can change be made if everyone who tried is dead?

There WERE protests and riots against Pinochet. Just everyone ended up tortured, disappeared or dead. Nor the protests nor the deaths ever made the news, making a false sense of complacency, this along people who were pro-Pinochet caused him to be in power for so many years.

I think these are two veeery different instances

*Edit: I forgot to adress your last paragraph: I'm speaking from what I've been seeing, as I said on other comments, none of your protesting or your actions is reaching international news, all we see is what american politicians do, say or think, nothing about what citizens think. I of course do not live there and can only speak from what reaches me.

I comprehend now there are things going on I just had no idea.
 
$C: Because Chile can't fuck up the whole world. The US can.
I hope you realize you don't have 6 years.
The world has it's eyes on the american people right now because only you can stop this.
$C: This never reaches international news, why?!
I hadn't heard of you guys protesting trump, in large numbers at the very least (i had heard of tinier groups)
$C: I love how your idea of luxury is an abundance of soda.
$C: You're very right, political activism in America seems non existent here, because none of that ever reaches us. People here think America is great because no one is ever protesting anything, but I'm always reading on reddit about how bad some things are. It just didn't make sense to me, I understand better now
$C: You were told wrong.
$C: Our damn fucking right to protest vote and protest more until these pieces of human trash are locked up.
$C: Guns. The Militia Act of 1903.
$C: Especially when your situation is so fucked, you have to act. Many countries protested because they had a horrible situation and the government did nothing or even cause it
$C: Excuses. I hear so many excuses.      
      
It is your country. Do something for it.
$C: Impeachment/charges in a court of law that he's found guilty of.

I could care less about Trumps presidency, i care a lot about the intelligence agencies accusing a president of treason without clearing a high burden of proof.
$C: Ah, In that sense., didn't mean to insult you.. For a variety of reasons that aren't entirely clear, this Helsinki story is cracking his base, national security Republicans are shaken. It's like Charlottesville or the comey firing, those who are defending trump are having to really do some gymnastics and in their hearts don't believe what they are saying. In the end, the theory goes, that will suppress republican turnout as it damages enthusiasm.  So, strategically speaking, while this story doendt result in impeachment or whatnot, it probably means 1000 fewer Republicans are going to turn out in November. I'll upvote that
$C: great question. i have no idea. 
$C: Is everyone waiting for someone else to make the first move?
$C: That's the laugh of "sorry, there was just this funny video I was thinking of."
$C: https://youtu.be/tdqvHS8FT2U
$C: We've been watching you too. So frustrating. We can all move forward. Stay positive and strong as a people.
$C: Here my dude, have yourself some Rick and Morty.
$C: Implying you had more than 0 to begin with
$C: Apparently Montenegro are starting the war. According to Trump. Very aggressive people. 
$C: Wars are known to bump up popularity ratings. I wouldn't be surprised if he decided to throw the country in some mess like that to bump himself up, something that wouldn't result in world war 3 but he could sell as patriotic and necessary. My bet's on Venezuela.
$C: http://thehill.com/policy/national-security/396597-mueller-asks-court-for-100-more-blank-subpoenas-ahead-of-manafort

First one I found, first saw it elsewhere though.
$C: The only actual reason for any politician to do what a politician does.
$C: Well if it's any consolation he could very well be the first president to never reach a 50% approval rating. 
$C: I think most people are uninformed by choice.
$C: He’s definitely a shit head that’s way too full of himself, but watching that video it’s pretty obvious he’s quoting some bs online poll, not saying he could actually get away with that. 
$C: Because I missed one thing from January 2016 I am “not paying attention at all”. K man. Glad you know me. 
$C: He can try it, we're lucky he's just a dumbass reality TV star and not an actual diabolical leader. Once we're done with him failsafes need to be put in place so no other megalomaniac can come in and make it 10x worse. 
$C: Pence is the second to last. What I’m saying is Pence is better than Trump in the way that going from diarrhea to regular shitting is better. 

YES, it’s still shit, but it’s better.

The real thing I want is for us to get out the vote in November.
$C: Impeaching Trump will have a drastic effect on the voting base. Even if Pence is president the effects of discrediting Trump will be worth it.
$C: Who fucking cares? He will be outnumbered in Congress and EO will have to be limited when some fucking adults take over. Stop preaching this fear bullshit, vote for some badasses and end this joke.
$C: Yeah but I'm not doing it because of Trumps race.
$C: >Such staunch nationalism is the attitude of the 1900s.

The idea that elected officials represent their constituents is not "staunch nationalism", it's the basic premise of a democracy. 

>At the end of the day, more amicable relations between the two nations that have played puppeteer in the shadows of almost every conflict since WW2 is actually a really good thing.

Sure, it would be. We can't have that until we give Putin a reason to stop attacking us. *Encouraging* his attacks and adventurism, which is all Trump's appeasement does, is a surefire way of worsening our relations. The only way to get past this conflict is to address it and stop it. 
$C: It's never cool when democracy is fucked with, what kind of question is that? 
$C: What do you mean?
$C: The Democrats strategy has been to do as much as they possibly can to save the sovereignty of this nation. Of course, that's hard to do when trying to swim upstream against the Niagara Falls of horseshit continuously spewing out of the assholes of the Republican congress.
$C: Uranium
$C: Yeah, dude is pretty chill and shit. Gave me a ride to and from college without me asking, but he obviously isn't seeing the news and is getting all of his info from heavily biased sources. Probably his family going by where he lives. It's sad, but as soon as he started bringing up how Obama was the worst president and Trump was fixing all that I told him straight. "Our political views don't align so let's stop here before it gets to a shitstorm and hurt feelings." Was glad he understood I don't want to talk politics.
$C: We have Trump supporters in the massive IT firm that I work for. They see the news and call it fake. If you prove to them that any "fake news" is actually real, they either don't care or say "But what about (obama/hillary/libruls)"... its disturbing.
$C: Any republican I have ever spoken too has said I'm a cry baby liberal any time a criticism of Trump comes up and they _all_ say, I don't watch the news, I don't have time because I work for a living yadda yadda. Ya asshole, me too.

It is your civic duty to be informed. 
$C: I'm pretty sure everyone on the_donald can see what you see. 
$C: I know you have a lot of replies on this comment but I'm going to add what I've seen.

A few people I know don't want to admit they're wrong about Trump because of pride. They hopped on this underdog's bandwagon and felt proud of it. Felt proud to be an American. Felt good going against the grain.

And now, even with all of this new coming out they don't want to admit they're wrong. It would hurt their pride. 

One person in particular I know is like this in real life. Will never admit they're wrong, always has to have the last word. Is always right and is wiser than most. They also get most of their information from nonfactual facebook posts. Hmmm...
$C: My mom refusing to look at the news and just claims it all as fake news.

She constantly digs her head in the sand and does whataboutisms with Hilary and Obama. I don’t know why she brings it up. I’m just trying to talk about what trumps doing to our country and be bipartisan about it because it’s not worth it to alienate her conservative beliefs.

Just that continuing to be a supporter of trump is alienating what America stands for apart from any liberal that or republican this. This man regardless of what political affiliation you ascribe to needs to be taken out of the office for us to maintain any hope of maintaining the values of our nation that we hold dear.
$C: Just went to check /r/conservative, this article was posted. 

"the article doesn't name sources, so it's bullshit."

Again, reports and facts don't matter. Even to "the good ones"
$C: It's easy to discount 'fake news' from the 'biased liberal media', so I don't necessarily believe that's the caset.
$C: With people I know/have on Facebook, it’s not that they don’t see the news. They see them. They just choose to ignore them. They’re so blind in their support that nothing anyone says would ever change their minds. There could be video taped evidence of him murdering someone and they would claim it’s “fake news”, or attempt to justify it, likely something along the lines of, “the guy probably deserved it!”. The blind ignorance is staggering. 
$C: Fox News is a huge part of the problem. 

The Murdochs and other execs at Fox should be hounded. 
$C: And the rest complain about "liberal media attacking daddy" or that "what's wrong about finally being friends with russia". Lost cause.
$C: From what I’ve seen most trump supporters are still screaming fake news or just ignoring facts. 
$C: They might see some of it, but - [hey, look at this car chase!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dBGudMadlY0)
$C: I work with one. He's still bitching about the Mexican President. He doesn't care. "What else was Trump supposed to do?? Start a war!!!???"
$C: That's what happens when Fox brainwashes you.  My grandma thinks he's great.  😫
$C: The other 20% are too proud to admit it
$C: They’ll purposefully block it out or just say the tired old mantra they learned from their cult leader: “fake news... fake news...”
$C: [deleted]
$C: I heard fox news went against trump on the summit so i decided to give them a chance.

They didnt even play the controversial clip. They just referenced it  saying "trump said 'John something - Ok Zack, im going to let you take this - something said that its not collaberation' "

Now thats not from the transcript but that is the sentence structure and the basic point they were trying to get across. 

With it typed out its almost understandable, but watching in real time I had to rewatch that 3 times to understand what the News Anchor was saying.

I never believed it when people said that Fox news was propaganda, but God damn, if what i saw was them going against trump. 

WHAT THE FUCK DO THEY SHOW WHEN THEY SUPPORT TRUMP?!?!
$C: Every time I meet my father in law he says he likes Trump because he says what he wants. He only watches Fox news. There's no changing him. At least he rarely votes.
$C: So much this. My entire family are trump supporters. My nephew waz arguing with someone else on fb about trump, and they were linking articles. He refused to acknowledge any "liberal propaganda" websites, yet would link infowars as a credible source.

I jumped in the argument, and basically told him what was really happening (why so many people are pissed over the russia thing, how its a potential treasonous act, etc...). Basically beat him in every aspect of the argument, he didn't even know about Muellers investigations (he was clueless to all of it, he really isn't the brightest person, got held back in school). Even said he learned a lot.

Today nothing but Trump memes about how everyone was fine with presidents meeting Putin until Trump and how liberals just hate him... you really can't break the brainwashing that easily.
$C: Due to the fact they work. So you might be right. 
$C: To be fair, a lot of people, Democrat's and Republican's aren't interested in watching a lot of news, yet many still have candidate preferences. 
$C: And they can just dismiss all of it that doesn't fit their world view as fake news, thanks to Trump's fake-news campaign. 
$C: 80%? Almost none of them are seeing this stuff. We're all tragically bubbled. How often do you see a pro-Trump article? If you're on the left, maybe once a week or so, and you maybe click on one every few months out of morbid curiosity, and then scoff and close the tab after reading a few lines. If your fb friends post articles you disagree with, you either scroll right past them or unfollow those friends. If you get your news from tv, you only watch channels that tell you what you want to hear. This is more of a problem on the right than the left, but it's a problem for everyone. It's horrible for democracy. 
$C: We really need to make the effort to inform them, and to encourage them to vote.
$C: The Trump supporters that I know are pretty old fashioned, and generally keep to their own news bubble. They watch Fox News, listen to talk radio, and read Facebook. 

When a story like this happens, they get the pro-Trump version along with a barrage of memes about how liberals are pussies. 
$C: Can confirm.  Close friend is in denial. So sad. 
$C: Did someone say relentless news?
https://whatthefuckjusthappenedtoday.com/
$C: My dad is an old business man who used to be smart and only voted republican because it helped him make more money at the end of the year. I used to respect my dad because he did earn his money by building a couple businesses up from the ground “lost one”. Also he was prejudiced, he was so pissed off that trump became president because he wasn’t a politician. Now he is a full on trump supporter because he bought the scapegoat shit and blames Obama for the taxes that «forced” him to sell his house. FYI I hate who my father is and what he believes in but I still love the guy as my dad 
$C: Oh, nope, my dad and uncle are firm believers that trump is the best, Russia is misunderstood and wants to help us. These two really don't listen to reason at all.
$C: They see pieces of it - so they see the walkback, but they didn't see the initial Helsinki disaster to know the walkback is bullshit. They see Trump's denial and blaming media and they figure it's just par for the course. Only seeing chunks is their defense - when they get into debates, they're debating in what they think is good faith but only 1/10th of the info. 

It's beyond not seeing the relentless news - Hannity had the best ratings ever when Trump went on after Helsinki. Why? Because **his followers were desperate to filter out any news that was critical of Trump and went out LOOKING for a friendly media outlet**. They literally shunned regular media to tune in to Hannity to get the Trump spin. 
$C: They’ll see the ads come midterms though 
$C: They are, they just don’t care. To them it’s all fake news fabricated by the globalist deep state. They are all insane.
$C: Upvote for your name
$C: The flames on their white crosses are burning too bright to see anything
.
$C: Often times it's because all they watch is Fox, or all they listen to is Limbaugh on the radio
$C: It's my experience that they don't want to. They think 90 percent of the news is biased or fake. They refuse to believe any fact checking website and anything that just doesn't parrot what they already believe. 
$C: It's easy to miss the relentless news when you believe the news is nothing but lies
$C: Or we've simply written off media as liberal shills.  Ever hear the expression "cry wolf"?  They've been doing it for so long it's just not believable
$C: It’s tough to see all the news these days, what with algorithms dictating what you’d *probably* like to see on your screen. I like your username btw. 
$C: They all think it's "fake" anyhow!
$C: "fake news". Watch the new series on showtime, His base is made up of coal miners and gun fanatics.  Thats it.  Unfortunately they are people that vote religiously. I dont like him but we only have ourselves to blame. everyone talks a good game but no one has time to vote. So until younger, progressive generations actually vote, this will continue and we will be stuck with idiots.
$C: Trump's base is tightening ranks because of the relentless news. Nothing positive is being said about him, so why would a Trump supporter listen to it?
$C: I am seeing it. It’s just fake news and I don’t believe it tho. 
$C: It is relentless. How much of this is true?  Amazingly, nothing about the Russians influence with either of the Clintons. 
$C: It would seem as if the media is deliberately operating in such a manner so as to discredit him in any way possible.  Why is that?
$C: But how do you know for sure we aren't being fed fake news too? Like maybe they think the exact same thing about us all being brainwashed by fake news.
$C: Yeah, one of the most active and populated non default subs wouldn’t be supporters of his or anything...  guy only has a dozen or so supporters...

This site turned from an echo chamber to an echo chasm lol
$C: * If I’d known it was going to be this much trouble I would have picked the cotton myself.

What the fuck is *wrong* with people ?

$C: I'm glad my parents decided the internet was important for us. IT's a good tool that can be used for ~~porn~~ communicating with people like you and ~~asking for sources instead of googling~~ fact checking.
$C: > Sorry to say, but a third of your country has been locked away from the facts like the subjects of a dictator. They have a highly censored version of the news.

I dunno. I grew up in the fucking Eastern Bloc, and ALL our news were censored and full of propaganda, and we didn't believe anything they were telling us.

Something else is going on also. Not saying the Fox News effect is not real, but it doesn't seem like the root cause.
$C: It somehow makes me feel better that people aren’t ignoring information that they are seeing (at least not all of them). I prefer ignorance to what I would consider hatefulness, I suppose.
$C: Oh for sure it has, not only that but they have MASSIVELY defunded education which benefits them. When you are not taught how to research sources, its easy to believe every shitty website you run across.


$C: [removed]
$C: Jorgan Peterson? lol. I'm willing to bet most trump supporters are just victims of biased information.
$C: Honestly, I wonder how many of them are real? I literally got a comment on here completely ignoring the headline of this post defending Trump.
$C: I couldn't convince a fish it needs water to breathe with my talking skills much less convince a someone their political views are misguided. I'd rather avoid it and not burn bridges.
$C: Also in Central Alabama. It took one of the Republicans being a Pedophile to put a democrat in office. And even then he nearly won.
$C: You actually brought the hood rat in me and made me say ni**a aloud. I'm just as or even poorer than him. He probably is just in an area without internet. Stop making assumptions.
$C: The guy fully believes Trump is doing good.
$C: Yep. Actual true supporter reporting in. 

#TRUMP2020
$C: She was pretty taken aback. But, it's sort of hard to tell her real reactions to things because her husband has a lot of influence, I believe, over her politics and lack of knowledge regarding them. She doesn't say much with him around.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Trump is definitely known for being a predater.

I’m sorry, in my key sentence, I meant to say “predator”.
$C: I don't see why he wouldn't just shout fake news while Fox news attacks any organization or person that releases the tape. They might even talk about how "deep fake" videos are possible and claim that the video is doctored. We can only hope that the people supporting him will be shaken by video evidence. 

I don't think any tape would work as blackmail. I think Putin is paying Trump's bills. If he doesn't do as daddy says, the money stops.
$C: > probably weird embarrassing sex, probably underage.

I've been wondering about the sex thing in recent weeks. The GOP was so eager to support that ephebophile in Alabama, it feels as if it was a test balloon for what the public would tolerate. Half of Alabama was happy to vote for Roy Moore despite his predilections. Even if the hookers were underage, would Trump's base care? It feels like the answer is no.
$C: No, he doesn't get off that easy.

He is actively and knowingly working against the interest of the United States.
$C: This is what I've been thinking has been the case.  
$C: If we do, what's the point of this article and thread?
$C: We have emails showing the inner circle colluded, I have no idea how the law would work if there's isn't any proof that there was ever contact connecting Trump and Russia, just his family/admin and Russia
$C: Ya, no.
$C: I agree that there's a very good chance that he did. I'm just saying I feel like we would have gotten more proof of it by now (you know how fast stuff leaks out of that cess pool). Maybe he worked through his family/team and was never actually in contact with the Russians, who knows. 

No matter what happened, I think his primary motivation for his actions/rhetoric on Russia has been ego
$C: I think it would be very easy for him to convince himself that "Russia meddled in the elections" and "I knew about it and tried to protect my reputation while simultaneously doing nothing to prevent the meddling" are completely disjoint acts and therefore there is no collusion.
$C: Yep. Pretty sure most of what's happening boils down to Trump being an egotistical idiot, not some master scheme. Russia picked Trump because they wanted to put a huge idiot in charge to cripple the west, why would they involve a huge idiot in their scheming?
$C: Very nice comment thank you 
$C: Fox was straight up saying Russia interfered with the elections the other day intercut with clips of Trump denying it. It would then go back to the host who would she everything Trump said was wrong.

We both know you haven't watched a second of Fox news and are just repeating dumb shit you hear other people say.
$C: [Get Registered and VOTE People!](http://vote.gov)
$C: They are actively voting down anything that might stop Trump or the Russians. Traitors the whole lot. 
$C: I will be voting Democrat all the way down for the foreseeable future. Republicans have set the bar so low for me that Democrats would have to do something really nasty like eating barbecued babies on broadcast television with a YouTube live stream to lose my support after this disaster. 
$C: He did not deserve to be elected or even nominated. It's a travesty
$C: Like a bunch of milquetoast Democrats would really do anything. It is over, my dude.
$C: I keep thinking about this too. America is so fucked up weird.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Eh, maybe weekly. Bill was a pretty scummy dude.
$C: Yes, because fudging some facts is way worse than rape. Bill Clinton is a rapist.
$C: Like what exactly?
$C: Confirmed Wavy.
$C: So here's my issue.. Wasn't Lewinsky a VERY willing participant? I think it's ridiculous to say that if someone is powerful or influential that anyone they choose to have sex with is somehow a manipulated by the power. I have been in a position of power and I felt the exact opposite of what you're proposing.. People tried to have sex with me because I had influence. It wasn't me trying to get anyone to do anything.. but even if I was, are people in power supposed to not attempt anything with anyone because their may be some kind of imbalance in social standing?

EDIT: I was alive when Clinton was president, and I thought he was great.
$C: 1. Impeachment is a political process, not a legal one.
2. There's a huge list. The fact that Trump still has access to his businesses is one that's an impeachable offense. Then there's the dereliction of duty because he isn't putting the Russian sanctions in place. And then there's obstruction of justice. These are just three different examples.
$C: I understand that most people have not been paying as close attention as us political junkies do, but there is a lot that he can be impeached for.

Especially once Mueller's investigation is completed. Which should be just in time for the new Congress to be seated in January of 2019. Check out /r/Keep_Track for specifics.
$C: Hmmmm...here's a good one: Treason.
$C: Even if he does get impeached, what are the odds that he'll escape punishment the same way Nixon did?
$C: As of yet. I'm thinking cases are being built
$C: Yah, it was sarcasm. Good luck with that though, Canadian here hoping you can stop this before we all get killed cause of this.
$C: :(
$C: Delusion ran Nazi Germany

That sort of self-image has led to much worse, and they said it couldn’t happen here
$C: > Anti white racists who want to ethnically cleanse whites through immigration

"In you go Pedro, be sure to kill at least 2 white people a day for your government paycheck!"

-- the_Donald's idea of immigration. 
$C: They don't hide, they revel in it.

Today, at the busiest intersection in my neighborhood, I saw 2 idiots under a canopy selling Trump hats, banners, shirts, buttons, US flags, Republican flags, etc.

Even sadder, every redneck that drove by in a rusty pickup would honk their horn, wave, and cheer like a moron.

They have no shame or common sense.
$C: They just bathe in their cesspool of memes about Hillary and Obama, then whenever they show their face outside the sub, they start whining about how liberals keep calling Trump orange, which I've honestly haven't seen used by anyone outside of T_D for over a year now.
$C: Why are people still browsing the_donald at all?  You guys go there?
$C: 4chan? /s
$C: [Places like this.](https://get.crtv.com/signup/)
$C: Your mistake is thinking they have shame. You know that Smokey Eye bullshit? Guess what - not a single Trumptard cared. They just cared that if they kicked up enough fuss, the "libs" would turn on their own "hollywood elite". And guess what, it worked. 


$C: 4chan
$C: Voat?
$C: Voat would love them. 
$C: Hillary's E-mail server, primarily.
$C: Voat. 
$C: Their discord. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: Haha no, they've actually completed some impressive mental gymnastics to say their hatred of Islam is really their support of LGBTQ rights. "They have gays in Saudia Arabia and we hate Muslims therefore we are the most pro gay rights."

$C: Same here, but from r/LateStageCapitalism
$C: It's called Voat.
$C: Apparently Stormfront is having serious financial issues since so much of the far-right has migrated to other platforms.
$C: There is a difference between being downvoted because people disagree with your opinion and being banned for your opinion. 

That fact that you people can't figure that out is worthy of downvotes in itself.

It's like which is worse, being shunned by society for saying something it doesn't like or having the government literally prohibit dissenting speech? That's the thing you alt right people don't *want* to admit. 

You can go to virtually any sub and say whatever "I love Trump" stuff you want and at most you will get downvoted or timed out. Go to r/the_donald or r/conspiracy and say "Screw Trump" and you get banned.

Conservatives **love** safe spaces.
$C: Man I remember when /r/Conspiracy was just stupid shit about UFOs and Bigfoot. Now its all "THE JEWS! ITS THE JEWS FAULT!"

Fucking T_D white supremacists invading every goddamn subreddit.
$C: speaking of, /r/conspiracy's reaction to this news is quite a doozie...it's a thread of all the classics such as *Fake News!!!* and *Intelligence agencies are there to lie!* and *we meddle in elections too!!!*
$C: Oh, yeah, conspiracy is totally taken over by the ruskies.  If you even try to come up with a russian conspiracy you are ridiculed best case. It's just... the fucking moon landing? I thought we were past that
$C: If you use the mobile app you can downvote without subscribing
$C: /r/conspiracy is so propagandized it ignores the biggest conspiracy in history
$C: There's literally a post basically saying "what the big deal other presidents have been cool with Putin" like uh y'all gonna just ignore the massive fucking difference? .... Ok cool 
$C: I love how both subs refer to things like Pizzagate as if they were real events that they were vindicated on.
$C: Fuck me why did I click the link

It's legit just childish digs at the opposing party and I think someone called any European you criticises anything in the US "Eurotrash"? 

Idk place is a shithole as usual, plus photoshopping Mexican gangs into democrat slogan photos. It's a pile of children thinking they're actually a part of something important and they don't want to leave.
$C: I think you mean /r/conspiracy is basically /r/the_donald
$C: The Venn diagram of Americans who readily believe in conspiracies and those who are still on the Trump train is basically a circle. 
$C: They literally talk about Democrats more than Republicans there.  It’s an echo chamber of shit talking with nothing really happening.  It’s insane. 
$C: I’ve only heard of that sub. It’s literally fear keeping me from clicking that link.
$C: Theres plenty of conspiracy nuts thats for sure, but the whole practice of it shouldnt be overlooked. Remember Snowden? The government mass spying thing? Or was that just a crazy hillbilly conspiracy theory 
$C: I go over there, I don’t know why I go over there but I do, and then I rage quit every time. You’d think I’d learn! I never learn.
$C: I honestly can't believe that they are questioning the moon landings. I mean, for a sub that has MAGA for their motto, you can't get a greater American achievement than putting a man on the moon.

It has been a while since I visited the sub though. 
$C: I had never visited it until reading this but... yikes! You’re right!
$C: Thats just what they WANT you to think!
$C: More sarcasm than anything. They just believe in conspiracies against their opposing views. Same thing everyone does, except it’s from near extremist trump fans
$C: You got a link?  That's a joke.. right?
$C: Youtube; Curious Droid; Van Allen Belt.

You are welcome.

Don't repeat stuff you halfway read somewhere as fact. If you are going to set down a statement, put some sourced foundations under it lest you become part of the misinformation problem.
$C: Mirrors 
$C: I bet Russia has been doing the grassroots online propaganda/disinfo for many years. I highly doubt they suddenly just started in 2016 or even a year or two before. They have been masters at spreading propaganda and disinformation for decades and the Internet started becoming very influential in the US by the mid 00s. 

I wouldn’t be surprised if one of their early stomping/test grounds were Yahoo News comments, which were already notorious for being overwhelmed with very right wing comments by the mid 00s. At the time, Yahoo News was one of the main websites people could post reactions to news stories with tons of other people.  
$C: From what I've been able to gather T_D was founded by people who were detested even on /pol/ because they did the one thing 4chan universally hates - attention whoring.

The lack of an ability to form a personality cult and gather fake internet points on an anonymous forum combined with the difficulties in maintaining a circlejerk on a site that takes free speech to an unhealthy extreme caused them to move shop.
$C: Are you insinuating she should go away?  

I think what the US needs right now are a lot of big voices to anchor on to, to join with, and to combat the effects of Trump's gaslighting the nation.
$C: Open your eyes... 
$C: [removed]
$C: What about this?

https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/1019903123312308224?s=19
$C: From what I've been noticing is that Republicans only vote for what's good for them/party. Not country, and are massive hypocrites.

Their defense is always constitution this, and constitution that. But when the roles are reversed they become rabid aggressors saying national security this, and nation security that.
$C: Yes, and there's also no reason to introduce nationalism to this conversation. I don't oppose this shit bag because I'm an American, I oppose him because of every destructive element of politics in this country that he represents. He's destroying lives and the policies that he has passed will take decades to recover from. 
$C: Self>Mother Russia>Country

FTFY
$C: Abso-fucking-lutely. 

Thing about that is I'm not a government offical 
$C: SELF>

FTFY.
$C: By and large, though, Trump's fanbase is suffering economically by Trump's policies. In their mind, it really is "Party > Country"
$C: How do you blame Trump for a hurricane and 100 years of Palestinian occupation after less than 2 years in office? 
$C: She's the one who was killed by the Charlottesville Nazi trying to drive a car through a crowd.
$C: Dang that's scary. Stay safe, friend. 
$C: George W. Bush, for all that I dislike him, never made a habit of using hateful and racist rhetoric, nor did he promote violence from his supporters. Their actions are a result of the climate that Trump created that has made them feel like their beliefs are acceptable.
$C: It’s absurd to say it didn’t. I live there. There were tons of MAGA hats mixed in with the Nazis and neo-Confederates. The people who organized it were Trump supporters and absolutely were emboldened by his election. Anyone who says otherwise is being willfully dishonest or is being mislead by people who are being willfully dishonest.
$C: McCain's political career isn't exactly heroic, but any prisoner of war who refuses to be returned to his country and insists on his fellow soldiers going in his stead *while enduring constant beatings and broken bones* ***is a war hero***.
$C: > Morally wrong? Dude, he said John McCain wasn’t a war hero because he got captured.

Don't forget about "his personal Vietnam" where he managed to get through his younger years without catching an std. Fucking disgraceful. 
$C: That’s like saying Jesus wasn’t a Christian because he got captured. Actually, I bet if trump said that he wouldn’t lose any followers. 
$C: He just spews words. He doesn't care who it hurts or what the repercussions are. I lost all respect for him (yes, I found him interesting during the election) when he made fun of that disabled reporter. How could any Trump supporter (especially with a handicapped relative) support him after seeing their messiah blatantly make fun of a cripple? Its mad.
$C: God that is a bone-chilling thought
$C: Or make a crooked buck
$C: > knowing full-well their lives would be at risk,

I actually disagree, but only because of the implication that he would know something at all.
$C: He doesn't have to do it to get credit or advance anything, he has to do it because Putin tells him that he gives up the names, or his entire family and him go down, and he spends the rest of his life in prison, and goes down as one of the worst americans of all time.

It's not a choice for him.  Putin is holding him hostage, and intentionally using him to kill our country.
$C: Ur not a hero just cuz u got captured tho 

A hero is someone who goes beyond their normal call of duty 

McCain got shot down because he didn’t follow proper procedure

McCain was brave, but hero is a strong word to use
$C: Actually he said McCain isn't a war hero because he never did anything that makes him worthy of being considered a war hero, which is true. His point was that getting captured doesn't turn you into a war hero even when you haven't done anything to be a war hero, which is also true.

This thing and the draft dodging thing are two things people use to attack Trump, when those are just about the only two circumstances in which he was right.  Dodging the draft was the moral thing to do, and anyone who didn't do so was immoral, and McCain is absolutely not a war hero, even ignoring the fact that there's no such thing as a war hero. 
$C: If you were British Intelligence, you would be forced to assume that Trump could, by hook or by crook, persuade or compel US intelligence to disclose whatever they know. So it would have to be a matter of erecting firewalls around information so that the whole of US intelligence was on the other side of the firewall. It would be a vital precaution. We can't have Trump telling Israel information that was acquired surreptitiously by MI6 because it might enable Israel to work out who was helping MI6 gain the intel.
$C: Lol an ally that bombed a US ship...

Look up the USS Liberty. 
$C: Well shit...
$C:  I'd be interested in reading more about that..
$C: [deleted]
$C: Just as extra info. Putin also interfered in the past elections of Italy and Spain. While his number 1 objective is the US he has also been trying to get other countries aswell.
$C: Two wrongs don’t make a right. Doing so puts the confidence of our agencies at risk.

It’s like dating a person who you catch once in a lie. Afterwards, everything they say is a possible lie.
$C: The SVR is the Russian foreign intelligence agency now. The SVR and FSB succeeded the KGB once the Soviet Union fell.
$C: The CIA is quite good at overthrowing democratically elected leaders. If it comes to that I just hope they don't get rid of the Bill of Rights. 
$C: Career bureaucrats have disdain for the political appointees. They’ll keep their heads down, but most of them have families to support and aren’t going anywhere. There are plenty of ways for bureaucrats to resist bureaucratically, and they will. They tend to know the rules extremely well. 
$C: Oh yeah it was American newspapers that flew bombers close enough to scramble interceptors. 
$C: It wouldn’t be the first time Trump blamed dead people for his short comings. For real, look into his New Jersey casino that was an utter failure. 
$C: Exposing it wouldn’t accomplish anything good, Putin won’t face punishment and everyone knows what he does. but it would clarify connections between Steele and Erovinkin, which could identify messengers between the two. Then, everyone Erovinkin has ever associated with gets killed. Also, Steele doesn’t want anyone to know how far inside his connections are (or aren’t), or Putin will clean house. He also may want to plant the idea that there are a lot of informers and spies with other connections aside from him by saying “not one of ours”.  
$C: Could expose other sources
$C: Truly sad. 
$C: Well, some think that CIA source was Mikhail Lesin, who fell down repeatedly while drunk in a hotel till he died of his injuries, alone, on the eve of a meeting with the DOJ. 

Seriously, I'm not making this shit up. 

https://www.buzzfeednews.com/article/jasonleopold/christopher-steele-mikhail-lesin-murder-putin-fbi#.brn0gx7GW
$C: Both a GoT reference and a pun, lol
$C: Mueller is Coming.
$C: So if Putin dies it was actually Trump?
$C: Reek! Reek! it rhymes with treason!
$C: Wow is Reek in the books even worse?
$C: you obviously didn't read the theon chapter in  book 6.

he's back.
$C: People in here praising the CIA and lapping up their poison milk.................................... 
$C: Yeah because the CIA is well known for following the law.

I'd argue they'd not be doing their job if they gave important intel to this white house. When the president himself gives away highly classified intel to the Russian foreign minister in person does it really matter anymore? They're not even pretending they're not Russian agents.
$C: Back to T_D please
$C: They just arrested a Russian spy on Monday! Which kind of stupid are you? Are you just pretending these events are not happening? Or are you just ignoring them altogether so you don't have to face the implications?
$C: i don't care, do you?
$C: That place is certainly weird, like their arguments are like "we can't trust the intelligent community because [FBI and CIA programs that either targeted nobody in particular or specifically targeted and oppressed leftists or minorities] https://www.reddit.com/r/Conservative/comments/8zwh7a/are_you_saying/ (barring maybe Waco, but that was more an ATF fuckup than an intelligence community one so idk what they're on about) 



And also in the thread talking about this they're just like "well wheres the proof" and "uh well Bush lied about WMD's with the yellowcake found, this is like that" which is like, uh, but you're r/conservative, wasn't that your guys who did that?


It's like they're trying to deny a right wing conspiracy, by bringing up other right wing conspiracies to say this is a left wing conspiracy

$C: That's what truly scares me the most. In my entire life I've never witnessed so many people that seem to have just gone batshit insane. I have friends and family and a FB feed full of people still supporting Trump. Still bringing up Obama and Hillary in arguments! Spewing so much right wing propaganda and conspiracy theories I can't even wrap my head around it.

I'm afraid that if Trump is impeached or even voted out in the next election it will lead to mass chaos in this country. This brain dead horde of far right Trump supporters will violently riot. Especially if he's impeached. The divide in this country will widen even further. People will turn on eachother. We have dark times ahead in all possible scenarios. 
$C: Spoiler Alert: It won’t 
$C: What happens on Friday?
$C: They were talking about that a little but it was way down on the page. Almost every comment on it was against allowing Americans to be interrogated. Unfortunately there were really only 10 or 11 comments in total. That place has started showing some cracks of late but they are still very much in support of all of this. 
$C: Everyone can see through it though, so we know he knows that he's fucked up enough to affect his own base's opinions of him even if slightly 
$C: Fun fact: this was used for the sound of the Batcycle in The Dark Knight.
$C: Wow. Never knew that was a thing. It's pretty trippy.
$C: Idk - you're not wrong but the guy who was the subject of the Documentary "Icarus" straight up got the Russians banned from the Olympics.  I don't think his family got murdered - although I don't know that now.

I hope they're ok.  That man exposed the Russians for the cheating bastards they are, among other things.
$C: 
Uh, check yo facts, There is no *current* state  case against manafort. 
$C: It's insane that it isn't a law that it's required to reveal your donor lists.  
  
But I guess that would potentially expose rampant corruption so they'd just assume cover it up some more.
$C: It's almost like the Red Scare was just set in the wrong generation and we got the timing wrong.
$C: What was their reasoning for doing so? Is there any reasonably defensible position other than “we don’t want to get caught?”
$C: Wow, just wow. I work in network security and cannot imagine this scenario in real life.

"Hey client, we noticed some odd logins from your account afterhours the same time that money went missing."

"Oh that is serious, how did you discover this?"

"We have a monitoring system that tracks login events. It creates an alert if an admin logs in after hours"

"Alright perfect. Thank you for bringing this to our attention. We will remove this monitoring software immediately."


$C: The fact their handler picked the god damned 4th of July is just so jaw droppingly unbelievable

Putin is the master troll
$C: It feels like a drunken Michael Crichton stumbled out of a dingy bar and ran home. Then woke up and realized he was still not home but lying face down in the gravel street. Stumbling up, he felt a hand land heavy upon the back of his neck pulling him up to his feet. In a flash, he spun around to face the hand, simultaneously retreating backwards. No one was there. 

He ran for real this time, swaying and bumbling down the sidewalk and not going nearly as fast as he thought. The sounds of feet hitting the stones behind him started. He turned his head for a moment, but saw no one. They got louder as he neared his home, and he started to hear a voice angrily grinding his name through it's teeth, each syllable pounding like a headache in the back of his mind while the increasing volume assaulted his unbalanced ears. 

He slammed open the picket fence and ran up into his house, slowing only to make sure every door behind him was closed as he raced through the ground floor, up the stairs, down the hall, and into his private study. Barring the door behind him, he collapsed and sat head down and swaying for what may have been an hour or a day. It was three minutes. 

He stood up and moved to his oaken desk and the perfect-for-a-drunken-stupor chair he'd loved since he'd first laid ass on the demo. Collapsing again, as you do when the world is spinning, into the chair this time, he opened a new bottle. Shaking, he fumbled, trying to retrieve his desk key (*the damn thing was still new and I only locked it once*), he thought. He focused, and breathed slowly enough to relax and insert the key. He was much more competent with the gun than with new locks, apparently. He'd wait all night if he had to. 

And he did. 

Alone in his spacious, yet intimate personal space, he became more and more paranoid, suspicious of every sound, especially the ones he made himself. As the night wore on, the voice returned. But now he knew it was in his head and it wouldn't be leaving. It told him things. Things of insanity. Twisty little lies and really big lies. He began to ...to understand. 

He raised the gun - a pistol - and chambered a round. With the other hand, he grabbed the last finger of liquor in that particular bottle and emptied it with a satisfying slam! of the glass upon the table. He wasn't shaking now. He sat down on the faux leather couch and placed the weapon down - just out of the way, but still reachable in a moment. He pulled a pen and notebook from the other less secure drawer on the left side of his desk. As he would often do when he was in such a state: he wrote. And wrote. And drank. And listened to the voice. 

And, soon, he had written the dumbest story he'd ever conceived. No one would dare publish this crap. Too wacky. Too many hi-jinks, bad misspellings, and words that don't even belong penis. It kept getting weirder and weirder and more and more terrifying, but, he kept thinking it was great for a long while despite it rambling on and on and on even when things clearly didn't make sense. Until, after what felt like 544 days, he finally passed out and allowed his brain to heal. When he had woken up and had his first sip of coffee, he looked at his monstrosity. And he decided to fucking publish it himself, anyway, having learned nothing.
$C: The Russians have what that Fifth Column widely consider to be an ideal form of government: A quasi-theocratic, authoritarian ethnostate. 

From their (admittedly disgusting and un-American) POV, Russia is nothing less than a heaven on earth. 
$C: There has been since at least the WWII era lol
$C: And the public continue to do nothing.
$C: This. I was a conservative years ago and wrote things like The Imperialist Manifesto and gave speeches about "individual liberty". I know that I don't speak for all conservatives but the Republican party is now standing squarely on a platform of bigotry. It is 'my liberty above all else'.  All else includes anything they don't understand, anything they are challenged by, and a slew of basic human rights. 
$C: Just don't say 'happy holidays'.
$C: It's far worse than that.
$C: "Get yours, take theirs, just stay the hell away from mine."
$C: GOP patriotism is just hatred of liberals.
$C: > "do what the fuck you want, other people's sensibilities be damned". 

"But not you - you don't do what you want, my sensibilities need to be protected."
$C: Being a patriotic American in today's GOP means wanting to tear down everything that we've already built to make America great, in order to make room for more memorials and monuments to the fondly remembered sins of a "simpler time," when they were free to be poison to our communities (and our nation) without being shamed for it, or being held accountable for their hateful words and actions.  This is about their "right" to be disgusting scumpiles.
$C: > To a good amount of GOP 'patriotism' and 'being american' is "do what the fuck you want, other people's ~~sensibilities~~ **lives** be damned".

Fixed it for you.
$C: Yeah I listened to that too. I fully believe 20 years of Fox News stirring up hatred, spreading misinformation, and telling you that you can't trust the "liberal media" (code for "actual journalism") has created the ~30% of the population we have now who would follow Trump off a cliff (and whoever replaces him, because trust me he is just the first big player in a long line of Trumpian republican leaders). It's now a runaway train that blasts straight through any and all non Fox-approved facts. When you can get people to doubt all the credible sources of truth, and couple that with playing on their fears and angers and disappointments, you own them.
$C: Rebuttal+refutation=refuttal? 
$C: > There is no refuttal to this fact.

fucking lol
$C: I agree that hate has no place in place in a civilized political discussion, it's what our republic was founded on, but I disagree that Republicans will become more tribalistic just because someone says "hateful" things about their party. I have consistently voted republican since I was old enough to vote, but this year I will vote Democrat across the board. The republican party I grew up with no longer exists. The party has become a party of extremists fear mongers, closeted racists, and those who would vote republican even if Hitler rose from the dead to lead the party. Yes, some people are spewing hateful rhetoric against republicans, but many of them are frustrated or honestly fear we're facing the end of the republic. The problem, in my opinion, is that many of those who are labeled as speaking hateful rhetoric are instead speaking the truth. I refuse to be someone who wraps themselves in the American flag as I try to block out the screaming voices telling me something has seriously gone wrong.  
$C: Fuck their feelings, that's what they want, right?
$C: #Fuck the GOP. 

Oh no, will this comment make them become even *more* republican?! 
$C: Nothing s/he said was "extremist". Shut up.
$C: That’s the issue with having two political parties dominate our system
$C: r/bothsidesarethesame
$C: Oh shut up.
$C: By it all being 100% true. You see, it's easy when the facts are on your side and you don't have to make shit up.
$C: They have enough money and connections to leave the country when it gets bad. They will just fuck the rest of us who can't get out
$C: >62 million Americans are retarded?
$C: [deleted]
$C: That’s how it’s always been. Who do they think they’re going to fight if they were to truly fight the government? The troops that they pretend to care about and the cops whose boots they perpetually clean with their tongues.
$C: Got em
$C: How well has the military fought against the Taliban and Al-Qaeda? Imagine how much worse they will be when it's their friends and family on the other side of the barrel, in their backyards and hometowns? I don't think violence is the best answer but we might as well prepare ourselves for that possibility
$C: Are there a lot of Gung-Ho 2nd-Amendment types that oppose Trump? 
$C: This is such a bs comparison. No matter how bad the situation could get unless full scale 100% armed rebellion occurred there is zero chance the US government or the military would carry out drone strikes against US property and civilians.  They would not bomb population centers for one simple reason. Infrastructure. What's the use in destroying the very thing you wish to rule over? Armed resistance especially in modern times can be done simply by owning the means. Not necessarily firing a shot. The backlash the modern US government would face after slaughtering it's own citizens would be unrecoverable.
$C: Slash-all you probably be your best bet. Manipulate could work too. If you have access to magic a Lightning materia is really effective. 

Don't forget Barrier to boost your defense. 
$C: Implying the army wouldn’t split apart due to loyalties. Implying the US military has a great track record against guerrilla insurgents. Implying each state wouldn’t gain control over their own National Guard.
$C: and both should hire better security firms.
$C: source
$C: r/wooosh
$C: I dont know, I'm not a liberal or an American. It was a pretty common joke from the late night crowd during the bush/gore debacle. 

I'm sorry if the old joke hurt your feelings, though. 

$C: I’m unsure how anyone can turn this on their countrymen. You’re leader is actively corroding your country. Where’s the self-reflection? Digging in your heels will only make the face plant more dramatic. 
$C: There are protests every day, and every so often there are nation-wide ones.

The problem is America is far too big to protest in one location. Places like London or Seoul have huge amounts of protests because EVERYONE lives there or it's at most an hour away.

For example, one of the nearest protests earlier today in my state was a 2 and a half hour drive away. And it's not even a huge city with turnout like Chicago or New York. And when these protests do happen, they're not exactly televised. 
$C: they do, but usually in response to policy-related instances, not stuff like this. There were protests against ICE in some cities and a lot of people got arrested.
$C: blocking traffic kills people
$C: because it doesn't look good on instagram
$C: As someone from the area, don't downplay who all showed up in Charlottesville. Doing so makes you look like a fool. What on Earth makes you think the GOP is going to risk pissing off the Trump fan base at ANY point in this administration's lifetime.
$C: The Democrats might not represent your interest but at least they won't sell you to Russia.
$C: I think it's pretty clear that the Russian trolls are still here - they've just switched to suggesting violence. All of the Russia related /r/worldnews threads are absolutely infested with them. It's a shame that Reddit isn't cracking down on these accounts.
$C: > (I'm not voting democrat next election because my state GOP was Never Trump and the Democrats still don't represent my interests: Still voting third party)

Fuck you.

> we still have time, and I find it far more likely the GOP impeaches after the primary. 

Fuck you.
$C: It all started with the rise of the 24 hour cable news cycle and the growing dominance of the sound byte in the american collective psyche.

More and more people tuned in than bedore but mentally tuned out and the general political discourse of the country became less average words, shorter attention spans for news stories dominating all media over and over again. 

Cable news media and the mentality / culture around it in the early 90's on up got worse and worse.

See also: john stewart telling the one cnn guy that he was the cancer killing anything good about tv news journalism back in like, 2003ish. Been a long known phenomena and its a significant part of how a had been con artist of a reality show celebrity got elected.
$C: oh, that typical condescending liberalism. Keep at it child, you people are fucking insane.
$C: It's not merely a matter of that. It's the campaign of influence that they played on voters.
$C: Fox News has never talked about him, so none of them would know who he is.
$C: [removed]
$C: I commented once and was banned. I don't think I was even trying to be controversial 
$C: Trump certainly wasn’t very laughable when he was around Putin hahah. Must be hard having his balls stretch that far all the time. 
$C: Yeah idk which photo is supposed to be the “better” one, he looks like a fucking idiot in both lmao
$C: If he had done nothing yes, but that wasn't how it went down. McConnell literally dismissed his warnings when he brought them forward to the right. Obama will always be their antichrist I guess.
$C: > Think about that, do you honestly think so little of a large portion of the population?

Yes  
  
> How do you expect to live in a healthy society if you believe almost half of the nation is irredeemable, worse than garbage?  

That's the problem, that's *why* this shit is so bad, because this is not sustainable at all. A large part of the US population is divided, polarized and radicalized and it will only get worse.
$C: Simple math would say that at least half the population is going to be below your standards. 
$C: > and the guy's brother, a cop in my town, threatened to find where my mom lives and "tell her why she should have swallowed."

I'd just go off that
$C: Oh I've thought that since 2016. Working well so far. Except the healthy society part, that requires that half our population aren't irredeemably trash. Too bad. 

Edit : he deleted it lol
$C: I appreciate your sentiment. No matter what, treat people like people.

But also, we have to do something. This isn't just a harmless, incorrect belief anymore.
$C: If almost half of USA is irredeemable then living on a healthy society is not possible even if he stopped believing that. Beliefs cant change facts
$C: In large parts of this nation, our education standards are trash, and we are raised to simply follow what our parents believed. It's so easy for Trump followers to stay in their bubble rather than admit that they were wrong-I mean, these are the people who give FOX news such a large viewership. They live in echo chambers. 
$C: > How do you expect to live in a healthy society if you believe almost half of the nation is irredeemable, worse than garbage?

Simple. Take out the garbage.
$C: Never gonna happen. They’ll call it a conspiracy. 
$C: Lmao, unless someone was talking about killing my family, I can't imagine what political conversation would end with me telling someone else their mom should've swallowed (ew btw).
$C: “He is the kindest guy, but his BO was just off the charts today. — 1 star”
$C: And something already happening and affecting lives in China. People have already lost their jobs over it.
$C: [deleted]
$C: It's like you've never seen a porno. But yes, it probably would've made more sense to say "tell your father why he should've pulled out".

Either way, what a scumsucker.
$C: When was the last time KJU had a fried chicken dinner?

Instead of asking irrelevant questions, quit just believing whatever Trump says and actually read about it. KJU made it clear it isn't happening. And no shit it wasn't. 
$C: Would they, though? These people were dumb enough to be convinced to vote for Trump and they'll be dumb enough to be able to be convinced to vote for the next Republican, too.
$C: This. Look at how long Ford lasted. And one of the first things he did was pardon Nixon. 
$C: Wouldn't Pence be accountable as well?
$C: I doubt that. Those people came out for Trump, but there sure is hell not switching to  voting for Democrats
$C: These are the same people who were Ride or Die for Bush, until he tanked the economy and they all quietly pretended that they don't know him. They'll just vote for the next (Я) on the ticket.
$C: Plus, they think they can get Trump re-elected and there's a pretty good chance they are right. They'd rather win with a loser than lose and keep their integrity.
$C: Speaking of Pence... what is he up to these days? I haven’t heard anything about him in maybe months. Is he keeping a low profile anticipating for something?
$C: No, they wouldn't. It'd peel off a few loons, sure, but a lot of those people are either going to vote for the guy with the R by his name no matter what, or they'll drift away and stop voting entirely once Emperor Bonespurs is out of office.
$C: It's deeper than that. The GOP honestly believes that they will no longer be able to win elections at the national level due to demographic changes (primarily lack of support for conservative politics among millennial and younger voters, as well as greater minority representation in the population). At this point, they're willing to hitch their wagon to any Reep who can win an office.

If you've really been watching political trends over the last couple of decades, the Reeps have been fielding high profile politicians who haven't necessarily been the sharpest tools, but who were popular enough to have a good chance at the pools and could be "influenced" by the string pullers. Baby Bush won the election, but Cheney called the shots.

You can bet that the old school GOP power and money club is just shrugging at Trump's antics and riding that horse until is drops dead on the trail, at which point they can renounce him. Putin isn't the only one with his hand up Trump's ass.
$C: i don't think it's the trump loving base as much as the democrats just need a candidate people can get excited about. the young vote will decide this next election, anyways. 
$C: I don’t think that would be a genuine worry. That base would never dream of voting for a dirty liberal. Their whole justification for any serious shady shit is that it annoys the left, so it’s good. 
$C: What are they gonna do? Vote democrat?
$C: The trump loving base didn't know trump existed before his candidacy.

Those braindead morons will love whoever a unified GOP puts forward (which is why trump got the nom, because the GOP was in such chaos) or whomever Fox News wants.

They have no capability to think for themselves, they will vote for whomever has the best propaganda campaign....so probably who putin wants.... again....
$C: Who else they gonna vote for? A Democrat?
$C: It's also possible they'll wait until after it's been two years and one day from Trump's inauguration so that they can have Pence for 10 years instead of eight.

I mean, obviously it wouldn't work like that, because as ravenous as some Republicans are for Trump, Pence has the charisma of a wasp nest, but I assume that is that plan.
$C: it's not like those people are going to vote Democrat though
$C: Yep. They don't have the means to win an election without that kind of "support".
$C: "He's encroaching upon my decrees. Let's make him Duke!" -Mike Pence
$C: That's like drinking medical iodine in your life raft because you're thirsty
$C: It's not like they're voting Dem anytime soon.
$C: And the obviously crucial Putin endorsement.
$C: It pains me to say this however,...chances are Trump will win the 2020 election by a landslide. The party has lost its way and so goes the country.
$C: Isn't it peculiar this shit is coming before the midterms? I'm guessing if Dems take the midterms, they'll go for impeach Trump and if the Repubs win, they'll go on with business as usual. I know it's pretty tin-foil, but seriously these two years with this administration makes anything seem possible.
$C: I need to figure out a way to start selling the "Hindsight 2020" sticker I made.
$C: And therein lies the problem with our political system. There’s too much party over country. If your priority is to win at all costs and not to uphold the best interests of the country, you should not be a public servant.
$C: This is why the GOP needs to be absolutely, 100%, destroyed.

They put personal gain over their job, and over the country.
$C: Party before country, eh?
$C: Trump isn't popular with Republican voters, its that they have full control of the Government is what they like, this is what keeps them in line.
$C: I don’t get that line of thinking. 

“Let’s keep this lunatic and traitor of our great country as president instead of protecting our country by removing him.”

How does that lose you seats? Your own party or not, it doesn’t seem hard to spin something like that in your favor.

“He was clearly a lunatic and traitor so we removed him for office to save us all. Now go vote for us.” 
$C: I believe that if your a representative of your country, if some one from your party shits the bed you have to call him out, even if it will lead to your political party's fall. Being an elected means you owe everything to your country. There's no place for personal ambition
$C: If a fraction of this stuff is true it could kill the Republican Party entirely.
$C: Translation: party before country. 
$C: I’d lost hope in anybody turning on trump until this week. Have a good friend who works with a congressman here and we’ve been talking about all of it. They’ve gotten soooo many calls from republican voters saying WTF in the last couple of days. 

On top of that have talked to a lot of Trump voters that have been absolutely disgusted. I wasn’t sure there was a line to be crossed but we’re on it in Mississippi. 
$C: Ya well fuck the gop anyway, that’s what they’re doing to us
$C: I'm not so certain that impeaching trump  would say that many voters. You think they're just going to start voting with the ~~snowflakes~~ Democrats just because the Republicans cut the mango loose?
$C: Well that’s just downright...logical.
$C: Yeah but honestly, this is a different situation, I think. He could really do severe damage and has already done some! It’s just irresponsible of them and shows how selfish and corrupt they really are. 
$C: Lets be realistic. After the last 2 years of trainwreck, there isn't a chance in hell of trump winning a second term. Dems are angry, and know they can win the presidency back simply by going out to vote.
$C: Is he really that popular with Republicans though? I have a lot of Republican friends, and pretty much all of them only voted for trump because "Hilary would have been way worse."
$C: Happy cake day
$C: So it all about keeping those lush gov gigs then? Your getting sold out by gutless cowards who want to keep their jobs? 
$C: happy cake day!
$C: So keep Trump at least until November?
$C: They already lost 2020.

This is a futile act.
$C: > Because Trump is incredibly popular with Republican voters

Also with Democrat voters. He flipped a dozen states that went for Obama the last two elections. 
$C: I'm pretty sure a lot of them are involved to a degree and complicit as well
$C: Or they're using him as a fall guy. The longer he's in office the longer they have to do as they please without taking the blame.
$C: They got their SCOTUS seats. That’s why they won’t criticize him. He’s taking all the heat while they get everything they want in the background. Same reason why the “moral majority” evangelicals suddenly tossed their “morals” aside for a person who bragged about sexually assaulting women, said neo nazis weren’t all that bad, and made fun of a reporter with physical disabilities. The ends justify the means to them, so they’re conveniently ignoring everything while they devastate decades of social advancements and Women’s rights for an entire generation to come. 

Another point that’s disgusting to me is his supporters are the same people that made the “won’t let the government get between you and your doctor” argument several years ago during the ACA debates, but are foaming at the mouth now to do exactly that to all women. They are the definition of hypocrisy. But no one has held them accountable yet, and they’re going to continue doing this shit until they are. I’m not convinced they ever will be held to account either. 

$C: But even then, they still intend to juuuuuuust make it to the 2020 primaries and THEN find a way to dump him, right?  Right?  


We'll see.
$C: This isn't their only motive, but it's probably a bigger motivator than people may think. If they dump him they go down in history as the first guys who successfully impeached a president from their own party.
$C: Yeah, you see it from the supporters all the time. Their spin is, people just can't accept that Trump won. It's absurd. 
$C: A fuck-ton of the GOP and NRA are compromised... this Butina thing will likely be far-reaching.
$C: THIS. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: FACTS 🔥
$C: ["I would but I need the eggs."](https://www.goodreads.com/quotes/208547-it-reminds-me-of-that-old-joke--you-know-a)
$C: Gaslighting 101? Or am I using that term incorrectly? 
$C: Convenient for the NRA's Russian dark money.
$C: Ding ding ding! While I'm sure there's self-preservation and other motives, spend some time looking into what they've been doing at agencies like the EPA, DOI, and even the Census Bureau.     They're pillaging us and shoving their judges and shitty policy in while they can. Just look at the latest on the deficit. Smash and grab. 
$C: Also, why would they do anything now?  Things are still going along well for them, for the most part.  They'll wait until the economy crumbles or some other major failure, then turn on Trump and blame everything on him.  And it will work because 90% of people don't know how any of government operates, hence our fixation on the president.  Pence will pardon him just like Ford did, and he'll get away with it all. 

They'll lose control of the house again, and go back to whining about the deficit...  that they conveniently forgot about while they were in power.  Democrats will be forced to raise taxes, back to some level near where they were, and get blamed for it. Rinse, repeat.  
$C: Only about 85%, I'd say;-) The are a few R's who are trying to show some spine, but as long and McConnell and his bunch are in charge, the  good guys dont have much clout.
$C: Many have died. The diplomats that got axed didn't get a good slice.

And to think that Republicans would have it so easy if they just put Pence in charge. Ah crikey.

Ah.
$C: People are dying it's alittle late for that.
$C: If I understand my history correctly, his crime was lying to federal investigators, not the American public itself. 
$C: Bill Clinton lied. In front of congress. Under oath. During an ethics investigation. Not quite the same as lying to the American people. 
$C: But Hillary!!! Where were you when she covered up Benghazi?!!!?!! That was an attack!!!!

/s guys 
$C: There are plenty of examples of previous administrations doing more than "embellishing their position". A few:

"WMDs in Iraq"

"The Benghazi attacks were caused by an anti-muslim youtube video"

"We are not collecting any type of data at all on millions of American citizens"

"Fast and Furious was a Bush-era program"


$C: He lied again, and again, and again."


$C: Ken Burns, in 15 parts, 120 minutes each.


$C: The entire first hour is just Carlin cussing.
$C: Dan himself has a political podcast ("Common Sense") and I have to say he's been unforgiveably mealy-mouthed when it comes to Trump. No discussion of the collusion with Russia; no discussion of the constant corruption and quid-pro-quo with foreign states through their developers; no discussion of the insane denial of climate change or the complete destruction of all of our government's diplomatic and policy work to avert it. He's just upset about how mad both sides are at each other. He's a smart guy, but honestly it's just embarrassing.

In his defense, he doesn't claim to have any of the answers. He's only released some 8 Common Sense casts in the two years we've had Trump serving us as president, and he's made a lot of good points in those casts. I'm just pretty disappointed with his apparent obsession with being perceived as a "Martian," objective observer, even at the expense of being able to talk about what's actually going on.
$C: please god damn this has to happen
$C: Same. Currently listening to blueprint for Armageddon about WWI. Guy is good at narration. 
$C: That would be a hell of a fucking series. I love him. 
$C: Just give me the cliff notes on that fucking podcast, my stress is already through the roof. 
$C: This has Ken Burns written all over it. It's going to take a 15 hour docuseries to include everything.
$C: I could totally see the Eye of Sauron above Trump Tower.
$C: movie?  Nah, this has to be a 2 season show.  Too many dumpster fires to fit into a 2 hour movie. 
$C: I imagine it more like a mini Marvel Cinematic Universe type of deal with a few major theater releases and some shows on the side exploring other angles of the whole thing.
$C: President Trump... The exxxtended story
$C: Only problem is that I've never heard him say "precious." Other than that his grasp of the rules of grammar are pretty much spot on that of Gollum. 
$C: Multiple seasons of the spin-off, The Apprentice: Treason Season
$C: Season 1: election night - season 2: the night with the porn star
$C: [This happened a while back](https://i.imgur.com/5BsjJq9.jpg)
$C: Orangeface.

$C: But then who would they get to play the guy who said you can’t rig the US election a couple weeks before the election, or the guy who was in charge of a surveillance operation targeting an opposing campaign by getting a FISA warrant on a man who worked with the FBI?
$C: People from real life? Definitely. On reddit? Also probably. But if the New York Times is part of the bubble, then I'm kinda good with the bubble I'm in.
$C: Dude, some of this shit cray.
$C: lying about things definitely isn't Trump's style 🤔🤔
$C: Clinton was impeached because the opposing party controlled congress. Currently congress is spineless and complicit.

Treason over perjury. Country over party.
$C: In all fairness, he lied under oath.

The lie was fucking stupid, and it was the guy trying to hold his wreck of a marriage together. But he did do it under oath, and that's enough of a crime to impeach when the opposing political party has the votes.
$C: Fucking a porn star while your wife is in labor is also pretty fucked up.
$C: says the guy not getting blowies from 22 year old interns. 
$C: Agreed. I am anxious for the cards to get laid on the table. This hearsay shit is getting old!

I want to see named intelligence officials at some point 
$C: [deleted]
$C: The sources arent... but if you look at his post history its just almost all that post... like hes trying to push a narrative... have you ever written long posts with many supporting links and then went around posting it on every thread for hours? I havent.... 

Edit: its reddit i dont think he has to convince many people here that trump is a shit president.
$C: The downvotes in this thread were simply posts that were trying to delegitimise the poster rather than the post. Asking if they were getting paid to post propaganda and if he's trying to push a narrative.

The sources for the post were NYT links and Government websites.

I would not call those posts "trying to reason in any way that doesn't call for impeachment or revolution". I would call them cheap ad hominem attacks.
$C: Stop triggering me this is literally half my newsfeed 
$C: He won!! Get over it!

I think I have to put a /s here since this exact “point” is constantly used by these nutcases unironically in contexts roughly as ridiculous as this one. 
$C: Us libards should just stop complaining, its just a little light treason
$C: He is the greetest and will now leave for no raisin!
$C: > You dirty libruls will never be happy with anything the greatest President in the history of Presidents in all of the Universe both BC and AD from the 3rd to the Millionth Dimension, Praise Kek, GEOTUS, Pepe Lives, Under his Eye, does!

FTFY
$C: Inaccurate. His followers refer to him as God Emperor now, not President. Really rational group of people.
$C: Anyone who says this is either in Russia or needs psychiatric help.
$C: Why are we talking about Eisenhower?
$C: r/asktrumpsupporters
$C: This is the majority of people around me. I live in Alabama where everyone literally thinks Trump is doing so much for the country and is a great president. No one is talking about this here. Just fake news... 
$C: I mean Trump could have known he won because of the Russians, but he can also still do great things. 
$C: Well true though dirty liberals are too busy trying to find idealist !
$C: if you have to /s every joke you should consider being actually funny
$C: Yeah! Maybe we can find some answers in Hillary’s emails... oh wait
$C: Oh I've performed many treasons i aint no bitch
$C: I mean who hasn't committed a little treason now and then? /s
$C: Oi. Read for sarcasm before slitting people's throats.

Also, even if he is a Trump supporter respect him.

You aren't gonna change Trump supporters' minds by yelling them down and showering them with Ad Hominem attacks, all it will do is harden their position.
$C: And yer val-yooz
$C: Bigly 
$C: Half of our country voted for a reality TV show host for president. We need more than prayers.
$C: Didn't you hear? This is the post-truth age
$C: He wasn't a dictator, "just" a KGB officer
$C: Is this satirical?  I'm honestly scared that people like you still think this in the face of these traitorous actions.  Please, please, please be joking.
$C: Well that’s stupid.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Plan 0 was supposed to be the electoral college. If a candidate running for president was truly unfit and they felt the need, members of the electoral college were not required to vote the way the citizens did. What we got in the elections were several electoral college voters who came to exactly that conclusion and then resigned so someone else could cast the vote for him instead.

Update after research: Two resigned before the election - one in Texas and one in Georgia. There were also a number of vote defectors on both sides (though more defected from Clinton than Trump) when the actual electoral vote was held.

[[***Source***]](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Faithless_electors_in_the_United_States_presidential_election,_2016)
$C: How come Nixon and Clinton were almost impeached but not Trump. I feel the scale of Trump's crimes are far worse than the other two presidents. 
$C: > Congress shrugs their shoulders

nah, **republicans** shrug their shoulders.  let's not kid ourselves.
$C: What everybody seems to keep forgetting is that Russia is doing everything they can to make us lose faith in our elections. If congress fails to remove the president, and our elections are tampered with again to keep the president in power, I guess we become a banana republic?
$C: But why does the UK put on a bigger protest against him than we do? We should all be out on the streets marching! Oh right, gotta work so I can keep my healthcare... nobody got time for a fight.
$C: The Founding Fathers kind of seemed to imply that "Condition C" was "Revolt"

They thought revolution was something that regularly needed to happen.
$C: Ironic that NRA members routinely claim to bear arms to defend against tyrannical government....unless the tyrant is your guy, I guess? 
$C: I mean... there's always plan C
$C: They also didn't want political parties. For this very reason... you get party over country  politics.
$C: The idea is the three branches will constantly trying to tear power away from other two.

When party politics started becoming a big thing (republicans definitely helped here), they'd rather see their party "win" than actually use the checks and balances that they have.

And that's how we got to a stage where the Republican party has no real morals that they stand for. When I think republican voters, I think people talking about less taxes (republicans lowered *for the wealthy*), I think small government (republicans raised the budget), I think "our rights" (republicans have no issue with attacking the media, and no issue with separating families at the border - even ones who are legally entitled to stay in the US), etc.

The Republican party has no values except "don't let Democrats win", and they're willing to let the country burn to the ground before they grow any sort of spine.
$C: The second amendment is for if things get really really really bad. It's the final failsafe.
$C: Another major problem is that the facts are not being reported by one of the most watched news channels in the US. 
$C: To add onto this, here's what happens when it gets REALLY REALLY REALLY REALLY REEEEEEEEALLY bad:

The founding fathers set up this nation to have a failsafe: the American people. They saw that if a democracy no longer served the people and the integrity of liberty was compromised, then the the social contract of the United States should be dissolved and reconstructed. Thanks to the second amendment, this includes revolution and revolt against the State through violent means. The militia they were referring to is the national militia, and the American people have the right to defend themselves from said militia. Unfortunately we may be approaching that breaking point where democracy comes full circle and revolution happens. Equally as unfortunate is that the American people are comfortable. They do not want to take action because they don't want the floor to fall from under them. Child care, senior care, Social Security, those whom are not fit to defend themselves (e.g. the sick, disabled, the young) would fall to the wayside and to the general population that is just too big of a risk for the sake of making the country free once again.

Yeah, John Locke knew what was up.
$C: Also the founders did not make term limits. That was the right wing faction in the 1930s trying to stop FDR from strengthening the country. 
$C: The whole setup was replying on the participants to act in good faith. 
$C: Washington himself warned us of political factions (parties). Dude knew it was one of the things that could bring this country down. Our founding fathers were way ahead of their time...and they're all rolling in their graves right now
$C: You forgot 

Condition C: The President needs impeached, but the current house refuses. 

Solution C: The populace votes to remake the body of the House of Representatives, which is possible every 2 years.

I'm not one of those people that thinks Framer's Intent is like the word of god, but they are clearly deliberate considerations in the construction of the document.


$C: Yeah, the founding fathers never imagined so many Americans could be so un-American. 
$C: But the Founding Father's could not predict the Information Age, and Fox News.
$C: But look how easy it was to get Bill out for lying about a bj...
$C: But why even have an executive branch? Why have a single person with more or the same amount of power as congress?  Why not have a system like Canada, Australia etc. (yes there is still someone with that power, but it's more ceremonial than anything, and in Australia has only been exercised once.)  Why not have a system of government where a single person cannot force their will and lies on a country?

Personally I don't think a single person should have that much power in a country. Because you end up in a situation like this, where the checks and balances meant to stop someone from being a tyrant and basically taking over the country aren't even working.
$C: This is a good system and I'm happy with it. The problem is we're at a point where party comes first, everything else second. Then it doesn't really work and we just have to grit our teeth and wait for an election
$C: There's another option in the Constitution for when its even worse than that. 
$C: Well no, those are options B & C. I prefer option A where the people rise up and protest in the streets until they cant ignore it anymore. That's the real solution but It's hard to take that step when you're not sure what's on the other side. 
$C: What will be most telling is when Mueller concludes his investigation. He'll have some things to say to congress. When that day comes it'll be crystal clear which Republicans put their party before their country. If Mueller recommends impeachment (indictment is off the table while Trump is President) then congress can't ignore it or deflect
$C: If it's REALLY, REALLY, REALLY BAD, you overthrow everyone involved. Hence, second amendment. Now, the technology gap between military and civilain may be too large, but that was absolutely the idea, and anybody saying otherwise has forgotten the origin of the country.

The founders didn't just make a government, they revolted against one. Regardless of if it is right or wrong, violent upheaval was absolutely an expected possibility for them.

I'm not saying it is a good idea. In fact, if our affairs with other countries is any indication, it is a really bad idea to overthrow, rather than reform, a government. But that IS the third option those guys had in mind.
$C: The current republican-led Congress will do nothing. Our only hope is to vote in the 2018 midterms this November 6th. Join the resistance at /r/bluemidterm2018!
$C: Not only that but Congress is basically Trump’s lapdogs too
$C: And that's literally it? So if Congress, which is controlled by the Republican party, is also compromised, you as Americans have no other legal recourse, and just have to take it?
$C: Not just that, but impeachment must pass the House (Republican controlled) and get a 2/3 majority in the Senate (even more Republican controlled).

There really is nothing the American public can do except vote him out in 2020 unless something comes out so bad that his own party turns on him.
$C: el psy... congree indeed
$C: anything bureaucratic always takes *foreverrrrrrrrr*
$C: >It takes a while even after the criminal act is known.

That is a BS and untrue excuse. Read about the Watergate timeline, only difference now is that  congress/senate majority is in on the corruption too. Watergate was 1/100th of what this administration has been caught up in with plenty of testimony/evidence yet no action by congress. Never forget the innaction and don't make bullshit excuses for it.
$C: The House has to vote for impeachment - which is an accusation of wrongdoing worthy of removal from office.  Then the Senate has to hold a trial of the allegations against the President, **and** vote to remove him from office.

The Republicans in control of both the House and the Senate will never vote to do either.  As an example...

Monday, after Trump's disastrous "summit" and press conference, House Speaker Paul Ryan made a public statement criticizing Trump and contradicting Trump's statements:

>There is no question that Russia interfered in our election and continues attempts to undermine democracy here and around the world. That is not just the finding of the American intelligence community but also the House Committee on Intelligence. The president must appreciate that Russia is not our ally. There is no moral equivalence between the United States and Russia, which remains hostile to our most basic values and ideals. The United States must be focused on holding Russia accountable and putting an end to its vile attacks on democracy.

On Tuesday, House Dems introduced a resolution to officially endorsing Ryan's statement.  Republicans voted it down.  Understand that... Republicans are so intent on protecting Trump in everything he does that they won't even endorse the statement of their own top leader in the House, because it contradicts Trump.

http://thehill.com/blogs/floor-action/house/397478-resolution-rebuking-trump-over-putin-ruled-out-of-order-by-house

They will never vote to impeach, and even if they did, Mitch McConnell won't allow a trial in the Senate.  And even if *he* did, the majority Republican Senate won't vote to remove Trump.
$C: >Most of them settled on some variation of "remove him by force".

Ah, the old Qaddafi maneuver.
$C: He's literally letting the Russian government walk all over your country. You don't think that's a big deal? 
$C: There's a formal legal process that doesn't involve violent revolution. It's called impeachment, maybe you've heard of it.
$C: Well of course he's lied about it from the beginning.

The next question is how much he personally knew from the Russians before US intel briefed him.
$C: It won’t matter. What freak me out is he has his religion of trump, where he is so loved by so many of his followers that whatever can be brought against him, the shield of “fake news” or “witch hunt” or “The fbi is untrustworthy” etc will be screamed from the rooftops. 
$C: Darn deep state actors setting up the best president of all time again!

They're just in it for the money!

^(I cannot stress the /s enough)
$C: Absolutely. Statements to which his supporters would immediately denounce as lies of the deep liberal state and Trump would continue on carrying all of them. Even if he goes down, does this feel irreparable based on the craze he has incited in his base and in his opposition?
$C: > This would make many, many statements he has made on the record about national security be verifiable lies.

I've heard people say repeatedly that newspapers don't call Trump a liar because proving someone lied requires proving intent, which is extremely difficult.

Couldn't Trump make the argument that he's senile and forgot? I mean, there's tons and tons of public evidence of his failing mental faculties.
$C: This man lies for a living and gets away with it.  Verifiable lies from start to end and nothing is done about it, yet. Last one: First time in 70 years the queen has invited a head of state to show the troops... Nope
$C: How do you know they haven't in closed door, HSCI and SSCI meetings? The GOP has been shutting shit down all over.
$C: > What did the President know, and when did he know it?

Oh what's that you say? Everything? From the beginning?

Oh, well then.
$C: Out of curiosity (and a lack of familiarity with US law in this regard), a question: 

Let's give Trump every benefit of the doubt and assume he really didn't know anything and was just a welcome target. At this point - meaning 2 weeks before his inauguration - would there have been any laws or regulations forcing the then president-elect to react in a certain way to this information?

Skimming the comments it almost feels like people would have expected him to say "Oh, apparently the election was rigged, so let's put the inauguration on hold until this is cleared up". Is there any legal basis for this, or are people just making the argument that a decent human being would have had the *moral* duty to clear things up? (The latter one sounds kinda naive)
$C: This is what I hate about all of this.  There is no evidence, it's simply reporting that something happened and no proof of it. Why not release the evidence that was found that proves Putin was behind all of it?  That Trump was briefed on it?
$C: Oh no, a politician lied! Not only did he know and lue about it, it was probably in the national security interest for him to lie about it. Just because Russia meddled and our government knows about it, doesn't mean we aren't doing anything about it and it doesn't mean the public has to know. Btw we meddle in elections all over the world. It's politics. And Trump has been a lot harder on Russia than Obama has, who rolled over for them repeatedly. Obama was Putin's bitch.
$C: I like the cut of your job, Tacklebox.

Keep up the good work.

Edit: jib. Goddamn phone. 
$C: Ah, a fellow /u/tacklebox
$C: Read the Butina affadavit - on page 11, paragraph 31 there's indication that there have already been secret communication lines set up between GOP leadership and the KGB.
$C: You forgot Kushner asked to use Russian comms to back channel. 

https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/world/national-security/russian-ambassador-told-moscow-that-kushner-wanted-secret-communications-channel-with-kremlin/2017/05/26/520a14b4-422d-11e7-9869-bac8b446820a_story.html
$C: I read the full article you shared on Roger Stone and at the end he denies that they are Russian hackers. And even though he technically admits that he is probably the US Citizen, he makes an argument against the theory of collusion.

Personally I think the Russian actually did do something and everything smells fishy. What I really can’t stand is misleading titles of articles. At the very least.... it has forced me to read more lol 
$C: You are an American hero. I’m not being hyperbolic. This is what MAGA.

I pray to God that Bob Mueller not only knows this, but has known it for months. 
$C: You happen to know if Julian Assange was in on this or is this why he is disconnected and kept out of the light.  From what he claimed, it wasn't the Russians...?
$C: That comic relief at the end was well needed.
$C: Don't forget to include that durin the "Russian intelligence, find her emails," schtick, that internet mappers confirmed a server farm in Trump Tower that was unused for anything but low traffic pinging to, of all places, Alfa Bank. 


$C: So has anyone started an impeachment subreddit yet! I mean holy shit. Awesome write up btw.
$C: Is there any chance that Mueller will get access to Trump’s finances to be able to prove how deep the alleged Russian financing goes?
$C: Thanks for the sources!
$C: Updated before bed. Good night fellow patriots. Remember we're all still brothers, even the slow ones. 
$C: Don't forget that Clinton's e-mails were a violation of the Federal Records Act, which Trump has himself violated multiple times while in office by conducting conversations with heads of state from his personal cell phone without making any officials aware or providing any documentation.  
  
Also, cellular wiretapping devices were found hidden around the White House and various other "sensitive Washington locations," so while the investigation of Clinton's e-mails never actually found any evidence of there being a hacking breach, there's direct evidence that Trump's illegal communications have been intercepted by hostile foreign parties, possibly for more than a year.  
  
Lock him up?  
$C: !RedditSilver
$C: Thank you for posting this. You and PK, and others like you are the unsung heroes of our time, where disinformation and liea run rampant.

Cited sources for facts are beyond important, and I hope you guys never stop doing what you do.

You're definitely encouraging educated and informed discourse and helping out an end to the incessant trolling and propaganda that are trying to ruin the digital age, and our futures.

From the bottom of my heart, thank you for doing this.
$C: Nope.
$C: who showed him? i wonder if it was comey
$C: Oh the article about the spy is dope as shit! I mean, it’s kinda freaky that it’s a real thing but....kinda trippy because I instantly think about the TV show “The Americans”. This is great TV Donald 😬
$C: I needed a cigarette after reading this and I don’t smoke. 
$C: Holy shit. Hindsight is 20/20 but I can totally see how at the time people could buy into what he says in that video (people who don't know better) about Russia and China being friends. However, he also totally showed his cards to anyone paying attention - not just about his hardon for Russia, but about how all of his policies revolve around money (which everyone has known but here it's explicit).
$C: This is incredible.
$C: Thank you.
$C: The sad part, to me, is that regardless of the journalistic standards followed, he’ll just tweet out something about the “Amazon Washington Post” and the “Failing NYTimes” and his base won’t believe a word written in either article or anything reported about them. 
$C: If voting made a difference, they wouldn't let us do it.
$C: So not just Trump then, but the whole GOP.
$C: You're like a junior poppinkream now!
$C: Your comment is making me reregister to vote tomorrow. I'm 31 and I've never voted. I'm not especially proud of that but I was always apathetic. I live in a heavy red state and I figured my one little vote would never change anything. But watching this horror show and seeing the level of like minded people as are in this thread. I want to take up the fight now. And if I can be swayed than anyone can. And it's happening right now. I spent a lot of time depressed about this stuff now but I'm reinvigorated and full of hope to see things change. We are not too far gone.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Lol, I can’t wait till he’s re elected in 2020!
$C: Maybe his "try and act surprised" face looks a lot like other people's "grudgingly convinced" face.
$C: [Here.](https://media.giphy.com/media/xTiTnHXbRoaZ1B1Mo8/giphy.gif)

^(^^^That'll ^^^be ^^^50 ^^^bucks...)
$C: He doesn't have that.  He just has his "I'm a cocky asshole I'll get out of this" face 
$C: He would make that little butthole with his mouth.
$C: ~ I am shocked - *shocked!* - to find that election manipulation is going on here!  
~ ~~You're~~ Your winning electoral votes, sir.  
~ Oh thank you very much...
$C: [https://i.imgur.com/CBvEbUc.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/CBvEbUc.jpg)
$C: I hear it's a lot like his O face. 
$C: Russia?  Really?  Hmmmm.  That’s so surprising.
$C: You mean [this one?](https://imgur.com/a/K1dgV7N) 
$C: "WHAT THE FRIGGG?! I ordered an Xbox card!"
$C: It would be on the prepared statement he is forced to read to "clear up" his misspoken remarks except he would actually say the "try to act surprised" note. 
$C: Comey is the one who told him, and his reaction was so unexpected, he started to take extemporaneous notes.  I think you know how that turned out.
$C: You’ve likely already seen it.
$C: “Oh fuck they figured it out! How is that even possible, I was like super secret in my trips to Moscow and twitter about BFF with Putin.”
$C: He would be holding a bit of paper with "ACT SUPRISED" in large font. 
$C: Oh, you're paying for it every single day. 
$C: Botox doesn't leave you with much to work with in 'Suprise' faces.....or many other facial expressions. MAGA- Botox!
$C: Again, that's assuming that he wasn't the one who went to Russia asking for help.

With what we know about Jr., Deutsche Bank, Alfa, etc., I rather doubt it.
$C: He literally encouraged Russian hackers to release illegally acquired emails to aide him, while on the presidential campaign trail. 
$C: You can just see the narcissistic rage whenever it's brought up.
$C: November 6th 2018 to be exact. Make sure to vote!!
$C: No you don't. Indictments are separate from impeachment.

But they require that either Mueller or someone at DOJ has the balls to try to indict a sitting president, and even then it's a legal tossup as to whether it's even constitutional.
$C: [deleted]
$C: 1. There's been nothing done to prevent Russian interference in the midterms.
2. This time around, they could just alter the votes/remove voters from the logs, and GOP won't give it a second thought.
3. Even with a blue tsunami, GOP would still control much of congress.
4. I fully expect that Trump will either serve his full term or die from aneurysm/heart disease, as there's no way GOP will support impeachment. 
$C: That is incorrect. An indictment is a judicial process initiated by the Justice Department, which is part of the executive branch.

I think you are thinking of impeachment, which is a political process carried out by Congress.

No one really knows if the president *can* be indicted, and there is not agreement amongst legal scholars about how that would work. It's a completely bizarre circumstance since the indictment and subsequent prosecution would be carried out by a part of the executive branch, which the president is the head of.
$C: you cant indict him.

But you can impeach and then remove him from office.

Impeachment requires congress; removal from office requires the senate.  (Both of those things if they ever were to begin, are very long and and meticulous processes - for good reason.  This shit shouldn't happen easily as much as we all want to get rid of Trump.)
$C: This is the exact fucking moment that the 2nd Amendment was created for. We have a treasonous president complicit with Russia, and our own Congress is refusing to take action at this point. Our politicians do not have our best interests at heart anymore.
$C: This reminds me of those "dating rules" you occasionally see around: "1. Be attractive. 2. Don't be unattractive."

How to be held completely and utterly unaccountable as a politician: 1. Be a Republican. 2. Don't be a Democrat.
$C: I feel you man. The guy may be a criminal, but mostly evidence is showing he's just someone who isn't acting in the best interest of America. It violates our expectations for presidents, but isn't a crime in and of itself. Either wait until hard evidence of criminal activity arises or impeach him.
$C: I feel like they're really blatantly trying to see what they can get away with under the current administration.
$C: > the real problem here

The other main, real problem, as u/First_Last_Username noted, is the GOP's appalling lack of spine. They are fucking gutless! They are afraid that Donald will turn his base against them. All they care about is getting re-elected, to hell with the good of the nation and holding a traitorous POTUS accountable. Cowards! All of them. 

[At least this is *something*](https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/1019785167899111425). 

Sens. Coons and Flake have introduced a resolution that would:

1. Commend Mueller probe
2. Agree with I.C. assessment on Russian interference
3. Reaffirm that Russia should be held accountable
4. Call for hearings on Helsinki summit
5. Call for implementation of Russia sanction


$C: Revolt of the elite 
$C: > that they'll do it again

They ARE doing it. They never stopped.
$C: The entire republican party stands to gain from it that's why they have not and will not do anything. 
$C: Do it again?  They’ve done it for decades.  So have we.  Honestly the only story here is the denial by the president and his attack of his own intelligence community.  I get that Russia’s fairly standard attempts to interfere with our election has been turned into a political weapon against him.  I get that although Russia certainly effected US opinion, other groups also manipulated public opinion through social media and they aren’t being reported as having ‘hacked’ the election.  I get that he can’t let this escalate politically with a major nuclear power.  BUT HE DOES NOT NEED TO ATTACK OUR INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY TO DO SO.  That I don’t get.  And it’s not like he’s denying this as a way to help counter intelligence by creating a false narrative.  Everyone knows Russia had operations to influence US public opinion in the election, because DUH, they always do.
$C: But do we care that a Russian botnet is spreading news to encourage voters to vote trump?

It’s not like they’re hacking and changing votes. 

I dunno I feel like both parties already do what Russia is assisting with, or I’m confused. 

In Canada we spread tons of pro Obama stuff and no one said shit. It wasn’t government coordinated I guess being the difference?
$C: It's like watching a crime take place, not saying anything because you stand to gain, then making anyone else at the scene swear not to report it. If they don't then just get someone to speak in their place. Once the police come to investigate it, just lie despite all the evidence.
$C: It completely shreds plausible deniability. Even though it was crystal clear to anyone paying attention the election fuckery came from the top in Russia, this removes all doubt. 
$C: And on this scale and in his current position that’s treason.
$C: Yeah, the fact that he's been covering for Putin/Russia despite increasing evidence shows that something is wrong. The President is loyal to his country and people. Our relationship with Russia has been tense for a while now. It makes literally no sense to do a 180 among all these developments and say "What you don't want to be friends with Russia? Why not?! Everybody needs friends!"
$C: This is the main point to take away here. Seems like a lot of people in this thread are missing that.
$C: But it does not matter, because he won't be charged with anything. Congress and the US as a whole will never impeach someone after everything that's happened internationally within the last two years. Sunk cost fallacy doing its thing.
$C: I can’t help but feel this is going to be another ongoing “investigation” that we’ll never hear the end of until the country is further fucked.
$C: But by the time Trunp was briefed hadn’t the crime already occurred? Can’t he just claim that he chose a different strategy - to avoid tensions and instead focus on business or something? I want to believe there isn’t a weasel sized hole in this bag.
$C: This isn’t new news. We’ve all known since the start that he dismissed these intelligence claims. 
$C: Isn't it more like not giving up "highly classified information" to the general public? 
$C: AKA gaslighting. A common tactic of manipulators, abusers, an narcissists like Trump. 
$C: So it's about the complicit, not the offenders?
$C: It’s gaslighting on a whole other level 
$C: I'm still not entirely convinced Trump knows how to read, so maybe he could claim plausible deniability... ;)
$C: But it doesnt matter. You cant impeach everyone in congress who knew this. 
$C: Lol the US influences almost every election. How is this a big deal?
$C: I’m sorry, but do you mean James?
$C: It’s not too late to vote.  Vote EVERY TIME.  Primaries included.  And fight for transparency in elections.  
$C: Some states like Colorado are taking action but I think it's pretty grim. It's infuriating that the president only cares about himself. The entire country be damned if it interferes with his fragile ego.

Even more infuriating is I doubt his poll numbers budge. He's scandal proof. We're probably going to have eight years of him with or without Russian interference.
$C: Not really, all this craziness is just tiring. If everything is big, then nothing is. Admittedly, there’s been alot of crazy shit the last three years, so every American’s Overton window has shifted. 
$C: I think you missed the point a little. No one is saying that he was supposed to do anything at that point. This is still about his (lack of) actions afterwards.

It means that every denial from the very beginning was him ignoring official Intel.  Just that it shows that this goes back even further from an official stand point. 
$C: He has a duty as representative of this country to defend our nation from threats, and this reinforces that even prior to his presidency he was willing to disregard hostile actions by a foreign power because it would mean well for him personally. 

That is downright disgusting both for an elected official and someone vying for one of (if not *the*) the most powerful positions in the world. It means his character has been corrupt before he took his oath, and the people of this country have even more of a responsibility to separate from him. 

I feel it's worth mentioning, however, that your post history strongly indicates this will only fall on deaf ears and you will continue to support things like a discriminatory travel ban, denial of legal rights for immigrants seeking asylum, and somehow simultaneously both look down upon the actions of people like Colin Kaepernick while defending the former CEO of Papa Johns using racial slurs. 

I encourage you to genuinely re-evaluate some of the positions you hold and the arguments you make over a variety of political and social topics. They do not seem to come from a place of unity, compassion, or understanding. 
$C: This is a watershed moment because it signifies that his refusal to condemn Putin is something that he's had personal knowledge of the true extent of the evidence and is still carrying Putin's water. It means I can say with increased confidence that he's compromised and needs to be removed from office.
$C: He wasn't a candidate at this point, he was two weeks away from taking the helm.
$C: He wasn't a candidate, he was the President Elect.  This was two weeks before he was inaugurated.  He still didn't have any authority for two weeks, but the real issue is that he has known throughout his entire time in office that Russia meddled in our election and has constantly denied that they could be involved.  
$C: Trump wasn’t a candidate, he was the President elect being told Putin directly ordered a cyber attack against our elections and then has spent his entire Presidency pretending Putin hasn’t.
$C: Two wrongs don't make a right. 
$C: Bullshit.
$C: I mean, you're not wrong about that history, but no, nothing like that.
$C: He only likes black people who suck up to him, not rap to him..... words are not his strong suit ... photos, puppets, pop up book .... things like that work with the Dotard
$C: Android here. Let's all just be friends. 
$C: Dawg, are we really going to have this fight here for no particularly good reason? 
$C: IPhone protects you from the US government 
$C: At least by supporting Android you're financing the European Union...
$C: Not saying much these days .. In this thread of all places lol
$C: /r/AndroidMasterRace 
$C: We ARE protesting, in droves, all the goddamn time. It really does not matter to the higher ups, they have rigged the system to the point our voice does not matter.
$C: It’s not. It’s a dark look into how federalism and a democratic republic is tested before failing. 

Since Nixon we had a blueprint for a true presidential removal via patriotism and country over party. 

With Obama, we saw how one party can quickly rail against the executive and block its inexorable power. 

With Trump, we’re seeing the two party system fail under an autocrat, and how powerful the executive has become, and how impotent the legislative is without a spine to enforce their constitutional check because of outside power. 

November is last stop before the full speed Roman republic fall comes to the United States, at least I fear. There is one last chance for this country to “freely” vote its way to normalcy, and then we saw how quickly two years can destroy any integrity, respect, and standing we had in the world. 

Only the truly idiotic and ignorant (which coincidentally makes up arguably 50-80% of the GOP base, IMO) don’t recognize how important being “the leader of the free world” means to the US. 

We’ve stepped back decades in those relationships in 18 short months, and Congress could have staunched MUCH of that bleeding. 

We are rapidly approaching possibly the biggest tipping point since Pearl Harbor for the direction of this country. And I don’t think it’s hyperbole to say such. 
$C: We protest a shit-ton. They kind of just ignore us. I think we have too many protests, actually, and that tends to spread it out for different causes. We should really combine all protests into one huge one that doesn’t stop until he resigns, but I don’t think it will happen. 

I think it will take 500,000+ people outside the White House for a week to really impact anything. It worked in South Korea, somehow, but we can’t seem to get to that point no matter how bad it gets because they keep people fat and just content enough to stay home. 

And what happens if he resigns? We get Pence, who is arguably worse. Things seem pretty hopeless right now. 
$C: Because peoples’ daily lives haven’t been affected enough yet. They still go home from their jobs they hate and watch tv or look at bullshit on social media. They gripe how gas has gone up, but none of the misdeeds have affected them yet. And the admin in power know that by the time they realize it the elections will have already happened. Besides the tariffs, most of the shit that will make their lives worse have been pushed to not taking affect after the midterms. 
$C: Four out of the five biggest protests in our history have occurred in the last 2 years of this man's administration. We're doing the protesting thing. 
$C: >In such cases in history other countries have found no other option but to band together and protest.

You're missing a huge difference: in other countries that band together and protest, the economies were shit.

Here, the people who should be protesting and "burning it down" have jobs. They owe money to people. And further, those jobs aren't protected. The people aren't unionized. You protest and you might as well do it  from the unemployment line.

There are no massive unemployment of students or elderly so poor that they've had enough and use their ample free time to make a difference.

No. The system keeps you healthy, wealthy, and mobile enough to think "it could be worse," while also trapping and threatenening you with loss of livelihood if you ever thought otherwise.

Those other countries that shut down and go full populist? They were in hellish economies. No jobs. Nothing else to do but protest and risk what little they had left.

There's your difference.  It affects you, too, you just haven't had the opportunity to truly weigh your options on the subject.
$C: Canadian perspective here as well. I'm operating under the assumption that Americans are pretty similar to us, the vast majority of Americans I've met are nice people. But WHO THE HELL is crazy enough to support Trump???? Presumably it's a substantial number of voters because if I were part of the GOP I'd be dying to throw Trump under a bus right about now. There are plenty of batshit crazy Canadians out there I know that for sure that support all kinds of stupid shit but seemingly never united enough to keep somone like Trump going for this long. The writing is on the wall for Trump though, hell it's on the floor, the ceiling, and and the front door. How is it that there's still a substantial number of people who voted for Trump who aren't thinking "hmm maybe we could do a bit better? We can still elect a horrible person to office, but maybe somone a little more discrete?" 
$C: We aren't unaware that the system is fucked by rich asshole and has nothing to do with the people and what we want anymore. 
$C: You know I mainly lurk in political subs but your comment got me, I appreciate the heartfelt understanding because watching this whole thing I grew up crumble down is truly heartbreaking 
$C: All of the internal infastructure is still working fine, the only thing broken is some friendships.  Nobody was required to like each other in order to cooperate in American society, and so far the economic machine keeps going.   For now....  I guess I am saying we haven't totally lost yet.
$C: People will say this until it's the Democrats back in charge of the same system, then everything will be hunky dory again. I agree the system is broken, but it won't get fixed, just run by different faces for a spell.
$C: Problem is our protests have 0 impact on them because protests have 0 effect on their money. 
$C: Literally both sides seem like they did it. Dnc and trump campaign perhaps. The fact that the dnc wasnt completely outted is baffling. 

Its ugly right now. Time to own up and time to listen.
$C: Why is taking up arms not a choice?
$C: The Philippines is also less than half the size of Texas, if I were to go do something like march in a protest in DC I'd be looking at a 25 hour drive so unless I got some amphetamines 4 days just of driving. Not to mention in this hypothetical mass protest traffic would be a nightmare with half the country heading to one place. It's easy to ignore just how large the US is and how much of a logistical nightmare it would be to stage a large scale protest like that. I would love for it to happen but I think things will have to get much worse for people thousands of miles apart to come together like that.
$C: I don’t get how this would happen when a significant portion of the population is only 2 missed days of work from losing their job. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: Your first mistake was thinking that there's a reasonable conservative left. They're not your friends if they support anything happening right now. The right has gone full fascist and need to be dismantled
$C: I feel ya.  I just wish there was a meaningful way to vote "neither".  I'd prefer to have someone I could happily vote for instead of feeling like I'm voting against someone. 
$C: I’m reasonable, but I also want to keep my guns. The left has kind of a weird obsession with making everything about gun control and using tragedies to push agendas non-stop. So that’s kind of off-putting. 
$C: Man the USA could really use one of those
$C: The old walk out
$C: There will be enough, it takes time to organize. But voting, calling representatives and protesting is the beginning steps. Trump, most of the Republicans, NRA and Putin have been planning this attack silently on America for years. With secret meetings. Things take time, but one has to be persistent and determined. The people of America have to fight back from the corruption. One person can make a difference, they may not see it yet but we will see change one step at a time.
$C: Nah, still seems like a troll evoking the phony "walk away" movement.


$C: > Ok this is weird, but I thought your story seemed like something someone would say to discredit the Democrats. So I looked through your comments to see if you were legit. 
>
> ...Weirdest comment I've ever had on Reddit, but I guess it verifies youre legit? Haha 

The Democrats unfortunately have some soul searching to do with regards to this. The fact of the matter is, Russian operatives wouldn't have exploited those stories had they not resonated so effectively. That statement alone is a talking point of Republicans and Russians so it doesn't feel great sharing it, but the terrifying part of it is it's true.
$C: This is a platform of true idealism and community that I can get behind. It's something I've also done, without necessarily intending to - which is the beauty of it. 

My own parents have been fairly conservative all their lives. Both veterans, both now living in Florida. I recently saw them for the first time in two years. It was noticeably more difficult to discuss even local politics with them then it ever had been before. But with careful choice of words, supported fact, a calm demeanor and patience we overcame obstacles.

Not to create another giant wall of text, but my new neighbors across the hall have now watch more than one news channel as well.

This isn't to say that I'm just going around vomiting an agenda down everyone's throat. Even if anyone I speak to still decides to believe in conservative politics, I just implore them to source more than one opinion, news outlet, and question their own stance when need be.
$C: We're only 4 months from a national election. Work on that.
$C: Patents on the guillotine have expired years ago.
$C: >I'm stumped?

CAN'T STUMP THE TRUMP ^^^/s ^^^if ^^^it ^^^wasn't ^^^obvious
$C: It's odd to me that people call for a revolution but actively support gun confiscation. Kinda hard to have a full scale revolution if you can't put up a fight. And to the many who say it wouldn't make a difference because the military has tanks... look at the conflicts in Vietnam and Iraq as good examples of armed civilians fighting a massive world power. 
$C: Honestly the White House should've been burned down by now. 10m people should've stormed the capital.
$C: let me preface this comment with the notion that actual *constructive* criticism of Clinton and the DNC is fair and necessary, but criticism should be based on facts and analysis and not on anger and wishful demographics, the world's a complex place.   furthermore, the US has a  first-past-the-post voting system and you have to acknowledge this as the political playing field. therefore the country's split into two bigger groups, Democrats and Republicans and if you manage to successfully split one side into two, you'll hand a big fat giveaway to the other party and that can't be in the interest of any progressive. this is in the interest of Russia though and has therefore been a popular topic for useful idiots and Russian operatives alike. calling for more progressive politics is good and fine, destroying the political means to have *any* legislative influence to the left of conservatism in the process is *not* ok. 

now, OP's comment is divisive, instead of addressing the original Trump-Russia problem though people will now start extremely heated "arguments" about "progressive" vs "establishment" democrats, repeating the same "divide the left" propaganda tactic that's been flooding reddit since before the 2016 election.  
keep in mind though that 90% of Sanders supporters voted for Clinton, because outside of this fucking website people *do* care more about the actual effect of their vote, than about political signal calling.  

putting the blame for Clintons loss on the DNC also takes the responsibility of the Trump voters who, after months of insane lies, insult and incoherent english, voted for a person that can only be described as an uneducated, narcissistic, nepotistic bully. 
it absolve so many idiots, who, in total denial of the actual politics at play, pretend that "both sides are the same". this is peak "feels over reals". 
$C: There you go. Guys like him are too blind to see that they helped create this problem. "I worked so hard to get Bernie elected, damn that meddling DNC!"
$C: Do you have a source for that? Not doubting you, I just hadn't read anything about it
$C: > was one of the chief wedges the Russian trolls drove into the left. We need to stop falling for their bullshit.

Holy fuck. Any criticism met with "but but Russia" is the scariest thing I've been seeing lately.

Bernie got crushed by voters. That's a fact. It's also a fact that the DNC was pushing their candidate every chance they had.
$C: Oh yes. Blame me for believing in a candidate that represented my beliefs and values. I forgot how well the strict two party system has worked for us the last 20 years.
$C: The only divisive comment here is yours.

The democrats made MANY mistakes during the election, including spiteful comments like yours that alienated Bernie supports throughout the primaries with the nose in the air, holier than thou, we don't need you anyway, get in line attitude against any leftist who had the audacity to support someone further left than Clinton. And the bitter finger pointing now, two years later, is a simile to buttery males.

There were and are legitimate criticisms of the DNC, we can address that shit, move on, focus on the enormous problem now, or sweep it under the rug to deal with later. But your shit throwing and cannibalistic behavior is why the left is so divided in general and entirely unhelpful in maybe one of the biggest turning points in this country's history. If we can't work together now we never will. 
$C: So, you're saying the DNC did nothing wrong?  Then, by your logic, Russia did nothing wrong. Right?  

It was pretty obvious the DNC didn't want Bernie (leaked emails prove that) and they did everything they could to sway it for Hillary.  Either both the DNC and Russia influenced elections for who they wanted to win and we should have a discussion about that or nobody did anything wrong.  

And to be clear, what Russia did was way fucking worse, but they both fucked with our election process.
$C: Uh, yeah. I was legitimately for Bernie, just like every Democrat I know, and we were all legitimately disgusted at the DNC, their superdelegates (which were always factored into the “delegate tallies” on the news crawls, without disambiguation, making the spread look insurmountable), and the accompanying pro-Hillary left-leaning media bias. The Russian propaganda machine did pick up on this and use it as a wedge, but that only worked *because* the rift and animus were already very real. Stop perpetuating the myth of the myth.
$C: Ah no, they definitely did sabotage Bernie. I’m not a Bernie supporter by any means, but we’ve seen Podesta’s emails talking about sabotaging Bernie. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: Maybe it is technically legal what happened (still bullshit that needs to be fixed). But without a shadow of a doubt, the DNC rigged the primary for Hillary.

The superdelegate system is there solely for that purpose. The amount of superdelegates Clinton had was not nearly representative of the split in popularity between she and Sanders. Sanders had an incredible base back then, even before he became the most popular politician in America. It was BLATANTLY OBVIOUS even back then what was going on, to me. Whoever has all the superdelegates, is able to get the media spin. She had them in her pocket, and the DNC used this to make it seem like Bernie was an unelectable fringe candidate. The reason for this is the corporate center-right democrats. They are compromised by their donors. They have too much to lose from allowing a fair democratic process on the topic of democratic socialism.

Donna Brazile gave Hillary debate questions in advance; there was largely a media blackout on Bernie early on, Hillary avoided debating him, etc. etc. Stop spouting bullshit anti-democratic center-right rhetoric. Hold your team to a higher standard got Damnn.


https://www.vanityfair.com/news/2017/11/donna-brazile-hillary-clinton-bernie-sanders

https://www.washingtonexaminer.com/donna-brazile-finally-admits-she-shared-debate-questions-with-clinton-campaign

http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/nationworld/politics/ct-video-sting-democratic-operatives-james-okeefe-20161019-story.html

Voted Sanders in the primary, Clinton in the general. Still not convinced someone in the DNC didn't have Seth Rich whacked after he went to wikileaks with info on DNC corruption. The pieces are all there, it is probably NOT a "botched robbery."
$C: Fingers crossed. We all thought that *last* time.
$C: I did, yes. 
$C: The advice I can offer to our international friends is to engage in constructive discussion! It can become downright frustrating, believe me I went through it with my own parents. 

But for those of us willing to listen and consider outside opinions, which there are many on every spectrum here, it is worth the effort. 

In my own efforts I have met, befriended, and convinced more than I'd imagine to see other viewpoints and look outside their own isolated situations. The reality of the USA social situation now appears divided, but only truly appears that way on the surface. A reasonable, calm discussion can open peoples' eyes to what is going on now, and how it does not represent either party's values.
$C: Look man. A majority of Americans have less than 400 dollars in savings and are living paycheck to paycheck. Most of us get 2 weeks of paid vacation a year, some more some less. I literally can't afford to buy a plane ticket and go march on Washington. I would lose my car, my apartment, my dog, my health insurance, and any ability to make a difference other than one protest which, as we've seen in this country multiple times, amounts to nothing.. and I'm not even one of those with less than 400 dollars in savings. I live in a very liberal state (Oregon), and I have legislators that legitimately are trying to make a difference. I can't do anything other than share news like this and watch as the Republic burns to the ground.   


That's what is so terrifying. I am helpless in this as I've done all I can within my means (Donating to political campaigns of liberal politicians in my state and others, voting all the way down the ballot and doing my research on each candidate, etc..) and it has made effectively 0 difference. The ball is out of the majority of American's hands and it has happened in a way that we cannot combat it effectively without violent protest, and that is a large step for people to make, and would also result in them losing their jobs, health insurance, and damaging and ruining the lives of other Americans. 
$C: Don't think for a second it can't happen up North. If anything, you should pray to god we can get this shit cleared up domestically, or at least help. This is not just an *American* problem, it's a pending global issue waiting to happen, just like the Nazi party was a *German* problem that expanded with influence.

Big Brother goes down, you all are next, particularly the EU. Shit, the way things are going, EU might go down before US.
$C: They don’t even have the opportunity to see what we see. Their only source of what’s happening in the world comes through the foxnews and facebook bubble lense. They are brainwashed and beyond help. I watch it every day with every article. I’ll send my mom the link with a “I’m only text you this respectfully because I know you won’t have the opportunity to see it otherwise.” tag, and my mom will completely deny it or just recite some Fox News talking points on the matter. 

It fucking crushes me every. Single. Day. 
Please someone save us, please someone do something. I feel so helpless and I know I’m not the only one. 
$C: At this point, Id settle for the old kleptocratic oligarchy we used to have.
$C: Did russia actually infuence the election though? Even if they did they didnt grt trump through the primaries. Voters in the US are to take the most blame
$C: Grab em by the pussy
$C: I love you
$C: Reminds me of "Reality Winner"
$C: This is amazing
$C: NO TOUCHING!
$C: Well, shit.
$C: got 'em
$C: Someone has to say it. Every single time unfortunately, but someone has to. 

Anyone comparing the Clinton impeachment to this investigation can never convince me they’ve never been brain washed. Even the name Clinton can make people’s skin crawl. 
$C: *whitewater
$C: Would love to know the scope of this investigation. That’s what Mr. Rosenstein won’t turn over. Talk about obstruction.
$C: Again, perjury involves proving that they willfully lied. It does not apply to mis-remembering.

A perjury trap means that they don't have a charge going in and are fishing for perjury, but that doesn't mean they can charge you if you tell them you had the wrong thing for lunch. They still need to prove you know what you had for lunch and lied to them anyway.
$C: Sounds indeed like a better explanation. Thank you, I understand more the idea behind it.

Although, I still think it's a bit silly.  As in, somewhat weird to make such a huge fuss on lying about a non-offence. 
$C: To an investigator, it becomes a crime, but not if it is in front of a news anchor and broadcast to the entire nation, then it's not a crime.  What if there is an investigator watching the TV at that moment?  
$C: #WalkAway is Russian propaganda
$C: Van Jones is the man you're thinking of.
$C: Not very. There haven't been any real changes. 

Sure we have had publications of deportations of illegal aliens but nope..no change in real immigration policy or attitudes towards people of any color. 
$C: Not white people. *Racist* white people.

When shit goes down and the racists get what they deserve, I sure as hell ain’t going down with them just cause I also happen to have white skin. 
$C: Keep up that race baiting. Nice. 
$C: Shut up.

"When adjusting for crime, we find no systematic evidence of anti-Black disparities in fatal shootings, fatal shootings of unarmed citizens, or fatal shootings involving misidentification of harmless objects." 

"Exposure to police given crime rate differences likely accounts for the higher per capita rate of fatal police shootings for Blacks, at least when analyzing all shootings." 

http://journals.sagepub.com/doi/abs/10.1177/1948550618775108

"On the most extreme use of force – officer-involved shootings – we find no racial differences in either the raw data or when contextual factors are taken into account." 

https://www.nber.org/papers/w22399
$C: to not be shot by whom?
$C: I mean, that's actually a pretty sweet deal...  but I'd be more comfortable getting it if I shotgunned a few beers in the parking lot first.
$C: Thank you. Just ‘cause we’re poor doesn’t mean we can’t hate the president!
$C: Poor people can get a filling meal for a lot less than $4.95
$C: Yes. But Russians are STILL interfering in our electoral process, so who knows how that will go. I hope they win, but if it turns out they won with the help of Russians, Trump could use that as an excuse to call the election or go full dictator mode.
$C: Yes but because not all seats are up for re-election, it's not as easy as it seems for democrats to win the majority. Only a few R seats are up for grabs and the D's need to win several to get even a simple majority. If it comes down to impeachment, we need 2/3 of the votes for it to pass.
$C: I used to laugh at doomsday preppers, but now I'm wishing I had some sort of safety net that doesn't rely on the system we live in. Our government is completely betraying us. Can you imagine if all the systems we have in place (that are in place because we *believe* in them like paper money, law, democracy, etc) simply stopped? Like changing the value of Blemflarcks to zero and collapsing the system. It's hard because we're so entrenched in capitalism. People need to work in order to live. Unless everything shut down for a day, people can't afford to risk their jobs. We'd need cooperation from the top. Hopefully one day, we'll care about something more than we fear losing our subsistence; but I can't even imagine what would push us over the edge. Sorry for being dramatic, but this is stressful.
$C: I try not to think about it honestly. I'm still crossing my fingers that we make it to the midterms without that happening, and Trump is impeached peacefully by Congress.
$C: We won't. Settle down.
$C: And they have guns, too! I just hope they're all too chicken.
$C: I do... that's what's kinda bumming me out. The thought that Russia and maybe our fucking president influenced the results of an election already.
$C: Kind of. It's strange, actually. He didn't vote for Trump (not that it would have mattered in our state), but he is convinced that there is a "deep state" conspiracy to oust Trump. Here, he loosely defines the deep state as people in power who want to keep their power, rather than the secret shadow government definition I usually see tossed about. Though I should mention he watches Hannity every night. 
$C: I understand what you are saying, but I'm referring to a bunch of different countries banding together to do something drastic, like not using the US dollar to trade oil anymore.
$C: the rich benefited proportionally just as much as any other income group. key word being proportionally.
$C: And Democrats are suing because the rich are paying higher taxes now.

http://www.wsaz.com/content/news/4-blue-states-sue-Washington-over-GOP-tax-overhaul-488396511.html
$C: I hope you are right. I'm exhausted and beaten. 
$C: You know, I believe you're right. It's been happening since last week, but we're steadily learning more and more that exposes the true horror of all this, and it's not going to stop here.

They knew this would gain lots of traction, and there's so, so much more left to come. I do now have a shred of hope that Trump won't even be in office by election day. But that's only if we, the people, aren't complacent... If too little action is taken by then, we're either in for revolution, or subjugation. Because we know Congress won't do anything.
$C: Maybe his recent remarks about the intelligence agencies has created a riff. 
$C: "this is it, he's finally gone too far" lmao
$C: Yeah, the evidence of this shit really started with the Tea Party movement.  Right wing media reached a tipping point with their audience to really start wielding power and the first result was a completely dysfunctional congress.  Trump was the deeply unfortunate next step.
$C: If it's a tragedy, who lives?

$C: Whats your issue?
$C: Ah thank you, this is the boat im in. Willing to put up with pretty much anything for those sweet sweet 2A rights. 
$C: **Roger Stone, Wikileaks, Guccifer 2.0, and Russian military intelligence GRU**

Two^[[1]](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-trump-mueller-subpoena-exclusive/exclusive-special-counsel-subpoenas-another-stone-aide-in-russia-probe-sources-idUSKCN1IJ2MV) Roger Stone aides were subpoenaed a couple of months ago by Special Counsel Mueller.^[[2]](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-trump-mueller/mueller-issues-grand-jury-subpoenas-to-trump-advisers-social-media-consultant-idUSKCN1IH2OB) During the 2016 Presidential campaign Roger Stone^[[3]](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/03/21/us/roger-stone-donald-trump-russia.html) made constant braggadocios statements about his ties to Guccifer 2.0, the DNC hacker, and Wikileaks. While Roger Stone has attempted to downplay his communication with Guccifer 2.0, he has admitted to have been in contact with the DNC hacking suspect.^[[4]](http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/nationworld/ct-roger-stone-guccifer-20170311-story.html) 

**July 13, 2018 Special Counsel Mueller indicts 12 Russian Intelligence Officers that work for the GRU - Russia's military intelligence agency. This was a military operation conducted by the Russian state.^[[5]](https://www.justice.gov/file/1080281/download)**

We also know that Special Counsel Mueller has been asking questions about whether or not President Trump knew of the hacked DNC emails before they were released. They've asked about the relationship between GOP operative Roger Stone and WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange, and why Trump took policy positions favorable to Russia.^[[6]](https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/donald-trump/mueller-asking-what-trump-knew-about-hacked-emails-n851941?cid=sm_npd_nn_tw_np) WikiLeaks should be considered an extension of Russia's 2016 disinformation campaign,^[[7]](http://foreignpolicy.com/2017/08/17/wikileaks-turned-down-leaks-on-russian-government-during-u-s-presidential-campaign/) we know that WikiLeaks shared material hacked by the GRU.^[[8]](https://www.cbsnews.com/news/how-did-wikileaks-become-associated-with-russia/)

**Several close confidants of Roger Stone have been subpoenaed by Special Counsel Mueller.** 

A few months ago long time Roger Stone friend and former Trump campaign aide Sam Nunberg was subpoenaed by Special Counsel Mueller, it asks for all communications/correspondence with Carter Page, Corey Lewandowski, Donald J. Trump, Hope Hicks, Keith Schiller, Michael Cohen, Paul Manafort, Rick Gates, Roger Stone, and Steve Bannon dating back to 2015.^[[9]](http://thehill.com/blogs/blog-briefing-room/news/376710-mueller-subpoenas-witness-for-documents-tied-to-trump-campaign) 

Roger Stone has been a target of this investigation for quite some time, he has tried to get ahead of a potential indictment by claiming he is ready to be indicted and that the Russian collusion scandal is a hoax.^[[10]](https://www.npr.org/2018/05/21/613117543/trump-adviser-roger-stone-says-hes-prepared-if-indicted-by-special-counsel-muell) 

A report by the Wall Street Journal confirmed that Roger Stone sought damaging information on Hillary Clinton from Julian Assange during the campaign.^[[11]](https://www.wsj.com/articles/roger-stone-sought-information-on-clinton-from-assange-emails-show-1527191428?mod=searchresults&page=1&pos=1) The liaison between Assange and Stone, radio host and comedian Credico, was subpoenaed by Special Counsel Mueller in Novermber of 2017.^[[12]](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/11/29/us/politics/comedian-is-subpoenaed-in-inquiry-on-russia-meddling.html)

Today Andrew Miller's attorneys and Special Counsel Mueller's team met in a sealed D.C. courtroom, Miller is a former aide to Roger Stone and is fighting a subpoena.^[[13]](https://talkingpointsmemo.com/muckraker/andrew-miller-mueller-closed-door-hearing)


______

1) [Reuters - Exclusive: Special Counsel subpoenas another Stone aide in Russia probe - sources](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-trump-mueller-subpoena-exclusive/exclusive-special-counsel-subpoenas-another-stone-aide-in-russia-probe-sources-idUSKCN1IJ2MV)

2) [Reuters - Mueller issues grand jury subpoenas to Trump adviser's social media consultant](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-trump-mueller/mueller-issues-grand-jury-subpoenas-to-trump-advisers-social-media-consultant-idUSKCN1IH2OB)

3) [New York Times - Roger Stone, the ‘Trickster’ on Trump’s Side, Is Under F.B.I. Scrutiny](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/03/21/us/roger-stone-donald-trump-russia.html)

4) [Chicago Tribune - Ex-Trump adviser Roger Stone swapped messages with DNC hacking suspect](http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/nationworld/ct-roger-stone-guccifer-20170311-story.html)

5) [Justice Department indictment of 12 Russian Intelligence Officers](https://www.justice.gov/file/1080281/download)

6) [NBC - Mueller asking if Trump knew about hacked Democratic emails before release](https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/donald-trump/mueller-asking-what-trump-knew-about-hacked-emails-n851941?cid=sm_npd_nn_tw_np)

7) [Foreign Policy - WikiLeaks Turned Down Leaks on Russian Government During U.S. Presidential Campaign](http://foreignpolicy.com/2017/08/17/wikileaks-turned-down-leaks-on-russian-government-during-u-s-presidential-campaign/)

8) [CBS - How did WikiLeaks become associated with Russia?](https://www.cbsnews.com/news/how-did-wikileaks-become-associated-with-russia/)

9) [The Hill - Mueller subpoenas witness for documents tied to Trump, campaign associates: reports](http://thehill.com/blogs/blog-briefing-room/news/376710-mueller-subpoenas-witness-for-documents-tied-to-trump-campaign)

10) [NPR - Trump Adviser Roger Stone Says He's 'Prepared' If Indicted By Special Counsel Mueller](https://www.npr.org/2018/05/21/613117543/trump-adviser-roger-stone-says-hes-prepared-if-indicted-by-special-counsel-muell)

11) [Wall Street Journal - Roger Stone Sought Information on Clinton From Assange, Emails Show](https://www.wsj.com/articles/roger-stone-sought-information-on-clinton-from-assange-emails-show-1527191428?mod=searchresults&page=1&pos=1)

12) [New York Times - Comedian Is Subpoenaed in Inquiry on Russia Meddling](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/11/29/us/politics/comedian-is-subpoenaed-in-inquiry-on-russia-meddling.html)

13) [Talking Points Memo - Mueller Team And Attorneys For Roger Stone Aide Meet In Sealed DC Courtroom](https://talkingpointsmemo.com/muckraker/andrew-miller-mueller-closed-door-hearing)

$C: Excellent work, thank you. Keep us posted when (not if) your work gets published.

The fact that an entire republican party is aware of and complicit in what you've documented is very disheartening. This goes well beyond team Trump.

I hope every one of those complicit assholes is judged harshly by history. The Muller-berg trials should be interesting.
$C: I don't see a link for 18
$C: Michael Flynn's meeting with Kislyak was totally legal because it happened *after* Trump was elected. What was seemingly bad about it in the eyes of the media and anyone who doesn't like Trump was that it was done supposedly in secret and that when the meeting was exposed to the media, Flynn was caught in a lie. Flynn told Trump and Pence that he didn't meet with Kislyak because Flynn didn't want it to appear that he was up to anything improper or nefarious after talk started to circle that Russians were trying to influence the election and that there might be some connection to Trump's campaign. Again, Flynn did absolutely nothing wrong from a legal standpoint by meeting with Kislyak. He got himself into trouble when he lied about it to Trump and Pence because this exposed him to being blackmailed by Kislyak and the Russians because they could - if they wanted to - go to the media with a story about Flynn secretly meeting with a Russian behind closed doors and we all know the media would go crazy with the story. Susan Rice fed the wiretapped conversation between Flynn and Kislyak to the media after she received it from the Intelligence Community/Deep State who removed the names of the participants involved (Flynn/Kislyak) which they were not supposed to do. This, as much as anything, kickstarted the Special Counsel investigation. Michael Flynn was charged with perjury when he lied about the meeting to the FBI and thus far he hasn't been charged by Mueller with anything else and it's possible that he will not be charged with anything other than perjury for lying about a meeting that he shouldn't have lied about because it wasn't legally improper.

> National Security Adviser Flynn was fired after it came out that he met with Kislyak several times during the campaign and didn't disclose it.

This isn't true and your own link through your footnote shows that it's not true. Nowhere in your link to The Guardian does it say that Flynn met with Ambassador Kislyak *before* Trump was elected president. He met with Kislyak after the election and there was nothing legally improper about him meeting with the man after Trump was elected and during the transition period.

> Moreover President Trump's Attorney General Jeff Sessions met Kislyak during the campaign,[8] he was forced to recuse himself from the Russia investigation.

Sessions forced himself to recuse himself; there was no legal reason for him to do so. Flynn's legal meeting with Kislyak and the mere appearance of impropriety in meeting with a Russian official behind closed doors spooked Sessions enough to recuse himself because he was afraid that the media would go crazy over the meeting and whip a bit of smoke into a five alarm fire and he didn't want to be the guy separating the media from their creation of a Special Counsel. The genesis of the Special Counsel investigation was Flynn's meeting and then Sessions' recusal. Since Flynn did nothing improper by taking part in a standard and legal meeting with a key ambassador during a presidential transition period, he shouldn't have lied about it (he was scared of anyone, including Trump and Pence, knowing about it and definitely afraid of the media) and he would have avoided being let go by Trump and would have avoided being hit with perjury charge for lying to Mueller about it and would have avoided being the main reason for the Special Counsel being established.

The 120,000 dollars that went to Kislyak is interesting but until we learn more we can't really comment on it. 

$C: The thing that makes me the most hopeful is that if a person like /u/PoppinKREAM has this much detailed information, imagine how much Mueller and his team has?
$C: > Instead of telling your political alignment, try making an argument. Ignoring the emails and the $400 million sent to a Clinton-side official won't help.

How fucking dumb are you?
$C: It’s possible — and likely — that Mueller knew of the other on-going investigation into her, Natalia’s, activity. As well, do we know all of the people Mueller has interviewed? I doubt the public has access to those records at this time. 

We also have no clear knowledge of why Mueller would delay these trials. He knows he must present the evidence there — it’s likely he realizes presenting the evidence too early may jeapordize other aspects of the investigation.  Although you seem to be on to something, there’s absolutely no way Mueller would jeopardize his entire investigation by forming weak or made up charges against Russian agents. 

Your point about Hillary funding FusionGPS is a decent one, and one I’ve pondered it myself. The reason I feel the Trump campaign is in the wrong is this: FusionGPS is an *American* company, which is meant to use American sources to conduct it’s research.  The Clinton campaign appears to go into the deal with good faith (it’s legal to gather information about your opponent from local sources), and it is the company that uses its resources to find information. The Trump campaign directly communicated and recieved aid from a foreign agent, one that could be considered an agent of an enemy country (this is not legal). 

$C: Nobody is saying the indicted Russians shouldn't come over and have their day in court.
$C: Nice try, Tucker.
$C: There’s far more evidence and sources on PoppinKREAM’s argument than yours. Therefore being unable to know every possible thing in this case, I side with PoppinKREAM. Even if a few of his points are incorrect as a whole his argument checks out.
$C: So if you don't like someone you can't investigate them?  What do you think of Benghazi?  
$C: Although I don't agree with a lot of your point of view on this, I appreciate your thoughtful dissent. 
$C: The $400 million has already been debunked and walked by Putin.

https://theintercept.com/2018/07/18/putin-says-misspoke-withdrawing-claim-clinton-got-millions-stolen-russia/

I laugh at the thought that the New York Times is a partisan organization. What do you consider a neutral news organization to be? 


$C: Anger about losing the election? Please. This isn't about some sporting event; this is a democratic practice. Nobody "wins" the presidency; they are "elected" to fill the position of the highest representation for the good of the People of our Republic. The anger comes from not adequately fulfilling that role.
$C: I would suggest that simply because an article is run by a right or left leaning organization, doesn't discount the information right off the bat. OP collected all of those articles from mostly left leaning media orgs, because they are the only ones publishing that content.  

Would a Fox news article related to the importance of preserving the 2nd ammendment mean that its an ammendment not worth preserving, because Fox news said it? 
$C: > It's an utter Gish Gallop at this point.

Gish Gallop is only really a problem when it's done in real-time, face to face debate. Otherwise you just gotta deal with the weight of overwhelming evidence. 

$C: Agreed. Just get him out.

That being said, Pence isn't anything to look forward to either...
$C: where are those guillotine instructions...
 
$C: He needs to go down for his crimes. Letting these people take a slap on the wrist because it stops the damage quicker is why we are here. 
$C: No. Absolutely not.

If all you get from selling out to Russia is a quick smack on the wrist and no consequences, every single snake will do it. If America reveals that they can not respond to attacks properly, then it opens the gates for more of them.

This is about principle. 
$C: > Yeah at this point I just want the damage to stop. Our country can't take this forever. I'll take him evading punishment for his crimes if it means getting him out of office sooner rather than later.

These days, this is the standard Republican strategy when it comes to any difficult situation: ignore it until it becomes intolerable, fiercely block any attempts to fix the problem, then counter-attack when your opponent exhausts themselves fixing it over your objections. 

This is what happened with the Great Recession. It's what happened with the Iraq War. It's what happened with the healthcare crisis. 

It's the path that immigration reform is going down. It's what's happening with Trump. 
$C: Punishment is a necessity, any other course of action would be foolish and reckless. 

Anyone that gets off free will come back again to do more damage and severe consequences must occur to dissuade others from committing the same kinds of acts of war in the future.
$C: The GOP is as much a part of this as Trump though. 
$C: Damage? Really? The word you chose was damage? Trump is this first president to ever enter office supporting gay marriage. Then after entering office he appointed the first openly gay ambassador to Germany. He didn’t stop but went on to nominate the first black woman to be a Marine Brigadier General. Never been done before. Trump did that.  More people are employed right now. Not to mention on going world peace and record breaking talks with North Korea.  Trump stands with Israel and is against the 19 Islamic nations who constantly discriminate against Jews. If that’s not an example of bringing the citizens of America together. I don’t know what is. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: I am against Trump as well, but I never understood this one... what “damage” has actually been done that significantly affected your life?
$C: http://www.oxfordscholarship.com/mobile/view/10.1093/acprof:oso/9780199572786.001.0001/acprof-9780199572786-chapter-4


Pendulum Democracy
The Winner Takes All

Chapter:
(p.49) Pendulum Democracy

Source:
Vital Democracy

Author(s):
Frank Hendriks (Contributor Webpage)

Publisher:
Oxford University Press

DOI:10.1093/acprof:oso/9780199572786.003.0004

Pendulum democracy refers to the model of democracy in which political power alternates between two competing political parties or protagonists. Power follows the movement of the pendulum, and the pendulum follows the movement of the electorate every so many years. The winner of the last election ‘takes all’. The best‐known manifestation of pendulum democracy is the so‐called Westminster model, but its logic – a combination of indirect and majoritarian democracy – goes deeper and travels further, not only to the British Commonwealth and the Anglo‐American world but also to countries in Latin America and ‘Latin Europe’. In pendulum democracy, leadership is written with a capital L. Ideal‐typically, citizens operate as voter‐spectators in an ‘audience democracy’. The strengths of pendulum democracy are associated with electoral sensitivity, clarity, and decisiveness, which may however backslide into over‐commitment, oversimplification, and alternating one‐sidedness.
$C: They sound French.  Shit has swung back and forth for the people so many times in their history.

We're still a young country, kinda.  A lot of things happened that led to us eventually having a would-be tyrant who's stupid as fuck.  Maybe it's inevitable to face that as a country every once in a while.  We've got a lot to do when it starts swinging back, this Fall is only the beginning.
$C: >happening right now in America is simply the pendulum of democracy swinging back (hopefully not too far) after 8 years of progressive politics.

What progressive politics? Obamacare is a conservative idea. I can't think of anything else that happened. We didn't raise the minimum wage, tilt the court liberal, institute Medicare-for-all, raise taxes on the wealthy, strengthen labor rights, make marijuana legal, pass comprehensive immigration reform ...

There is nothing being "balanced" here. This is just batshit crazy wingnuttery.
$C: Haha. This isn’t the pendulum. This is a right hook from the red state. 
$C: The pendulum may swing but it's attached to a wheel moving slowly left. If it was stationary throughout history then our moderates would be debating about whether or not slavery is a good thing. If America's political alignment is a bell curve with moderates in the middle, that moderate is farther to the left than it was even 30 years ago, because people are generally more accepting of certain progressive standpoints than they were then (marriage equality, for one). My theory is that it's simply a function of time; old set-in-their-ways people pass on, young people ascend to an age where they can affect change, and overall more people are more aware of other perspectives in this globally interconnected world.
$C: It's idealist to call it a pendulum.  It's a card game between two old players and the win loss ratio is just about at 50-50 over time.  Got get creative, or lucky, of you want to win.
$C: I thought like this for years, but lately have realized that the launch of media entities like Fox News have swung the Overton window over so far to the right that the pendulum isn’t in sync anymore. 
$C: Your comment reminded me of a passage from Hunter S. Thompson’s *Fear And Loathing On The Campaign Trail ‘72*:

>	The “mood of the nation,” in 1972, was so overwhelmingly vengeful, greedy, bigoted, and blindly reactionary that no presidential candidate who even faintly reminded “typical voters” of the fear & anxiety they’d felt during the constant “social upheavals” of the 1960s had any chance at all of beating Nixon last year—not even Ted Kennedy—because the pendulum “effect” that began Nixon’s slim victory in ‘68 was totally irreversible by 1972. After a decade of left-bent chaos, the Silent Majority was so deep in behavioral sink that their only feeling for politics was a powerful sense of revulsion. All they wanted in the White House was a man who would leave them alone and do anything necessary to bring calmness back into their lives.

I was reading this book during the last election and so I noticed a lot of parallels between the ‘72 Nixon v. McGovern and ‘16 Trump v. Hillary races. It definitely feels like the pendulum is swinging rapidly backwards. 
$C: The Roman Empire fell to ruin.  Things do not necessarily correct themselves just because some well traveled people say they do. 
$C: A pendulum swinging would be every election or every time a party gets 'back in power'.

This is a swinging wrecking ball, covered in shit, hurtling towards a crowd of people. 
$C: Hopeful, but not convincing. 8 years of having a reason to hope for progressive politics is not the same as 8 years of progressive politics. and the destruction of foundations looks more like a wrecking ball than a pendulum. Still it can end up being good. The French Internationale called for destroying the old world to clean slate and then rebuilding. Maybe our Revolutionary in Chief is doing just that.
$C: Bush 2.0 is still worse until a second supreme court pick, a war, or a second term. Otherwise another nobel peace prize is waiting for our solution.
$C: Please tell me this is yours:  '/s'
$C: That wasn’t progressive politics at all, except for the color of Obama’s skin. 
$C: Don’t give up.
$C: Hmmm republican tears
$C: If he'll stop alienating our allies and allying us with Russia would be a steady and welcome improvement. We'll deal with him as things come up
$C: Let's face it, even if he was sentenced to death, he wouldn't outlive the appeals process.

If he and the rest of his corrupt posse can just end up in prison long enough for him to die in there, I'll be happy.  Donald Trump is a crime boss with ties to Russia.  He belongs in prison.
$C: But real prison, not country club prison.
$C: Unfortunately  He'll be pardoned by pence before any of that happens...
$C: [deleted]
$C: After seeing the latest info that came out today, that Trump is considering handing over the former US Ambassador to Russia to Putin... I honestly wouldn't be surprised to see the US military stage a coup to remove Trump from office.
$C: Yes. The Rothensburgers selling nuclear secrets to the Soviet Union. Edward Snowden releasing Top Secret information that put American lives and informants in danger. Luckily the source of this Russia information is so deep undercover that Snowden didn’t blow his cover. 
$C: No--it's been twenty years now!
$C: I recently heard an interview with a constitutional law expert on the radio, and you've nailed it. Since no state of war exists, there can be no treason charges. Impeachment, sure, but not treason.
$C: > How I know:  I heard it on more than one blog and possibly read it online like 6-8 weeks ago.

Bulletproof. 
$C: I'm not a Clinton fan, or even a Democrat

If they'd just impeach him for being a dimwit, that'd be fine too 
$C: Failing to stop a cyber attack is not a crime. It reflects poor performance by an administration but it's not something you can be charged for. Thus it is not an impeachable offence.
$C: Done *what*? They cannot force people to vote against Putin's chosen candidate. They have no power over our elections. That power is on the voters, and many of the voters fucked up, which is why we're here. 
$C: Back to T_D sweetie
$C: > why bother at this point with what he says?

Because he is the president? And that's an important job? He could fire any of those people at any time. He isnt just some random person sending out tweets, he is the fucking president. What he says and thinks matters because a bunch of people decided to vote for him. 
$C: So you're saying it's idiotic to ask a standing president weather or not another super power completely undermind our democracy to influence the election in the way they wanted? 
Then I suppose it's also idiotic to question the integrity of someone who's been straight up lying to you for years then huh?
$C: >Then why does this matter? Seriously if Obama said this happened then what does it mean anymore? It’s nonsense to continue. People are asking him specifically to annoy him and make it seem like he’s illegitimate.

It's the president's job to defend us from attack. Trump has lied that the attacks aren't even happening, attacked our law enforcement agents, and promoted Putin's propaganda. It matters because he's being a traitor. I don't know how to put it any more clearly. 

>  some guy was actively pursuing investigation into trump to stop his presidency from happening it’s just a shit show. Grow up and read the actual reports.  

You mean the IG report showing that this conspiracy theory did not actually happen? Strzok was investigated and cleared of any wrongdoing. It's not illegal to privately criticize the president, no matter what some fascist assholes may want. 
$C: Nixon was almost impeached for lying to the American people and obstructing justice, which is exactly what Trump did.
$C: American people get more riled up on debates about gun rights rather than their president committing treason, modern America is more about propaganda than freedom, the land for the rich to get richer and the poor to stay poor 
$C: Correct me if I’m wrong, so the people who are dissatisfied with the current president can still effect change by changing the congress below him? And by electing new congressional members whose political viewpoints align with their own they can steer the country back on track, so to speak? 
$C: You say you never claimed two wrongs make a right, but you seem very intent on arguing just that.
$C: It's actually a conversation around the recent confirmation of information that has been floating around for a while now. I do implore you to read the actual piece in the Times, as well as some of the follow-up comments in this thread.

You keep looping your same point. They are not mutually exclusive. Americans can be shocked as hell - they should be. You aren't really thinking your own argument through much beyond how edgy it makes you sound. 

Whataboutism is still a rhetorically poor and illogical argument, even when you're pointing out stuff on your side of the line. 

If you are interested in learning how to argue your points better, you might try picking up a copy of the Illustrated Book of Bad Arguments. 

Cheers! 
$C: Oh man I was having a conversation earlier today about how W wasn’t as bad as I thought and how he seemed like he genuinely wanted to be a good president but wasn’t very intelligent and was heavily swayed by his handlers. 

Missing Nixon? This is some next level shit.
$C: >  when Trump started making me miss GWB

He shouldn't. Trump hasnt done nearly the damage GWB did.
$C: Nixon was a complicated man. He created the EPA, he supported single payer as a model. He also started the modern drug war..
$C: I keep wondering what Hunter Thompson would think/ write about this period in history. 
$C: Shit, trump is making me wish we had to bitch and moan about president cruz instead.
$C: USA is his prop.
$C: That's what I mean.

Sure he was a criminal too, but at least he was an effective criminal :/
$C: > Not just China, ending Nam and Title 9 and the EPA also.
> 
> 

Didn't he interfere in Vietnam peace talks as a Presidential candidate?
$C: This sounds fucked up, but I firmly believe that if Trump tried to make a move like that and wasn't stopped by the Republicans that someone would kill him. I don't want Trump to be killed, I don't want him to made into a Martyr for his supporters. I want him trialed publicly live on every possible broadcast option, confronted with his crimes and impeached for the world to see. So that America and the world at large can have some faith restored in the American political and legal system, and so that maybe even some of his supporters will see what went wrong. Then I want him jailed and have his holdings and assets stripped from him. Not a rich person jail, not a jail fit for a president, but a regular fuck you jail. And then I want a news update on him once a week showing him in jail being miserable for the rest of his life until he dies. Then I want him to be part of the history curriculum around the world so that future generations can learn how he came to power, how America fucked up and what the Russians did so they can hopefully avoid making the same mistake in the future.
$C: > Unless of course he follows Putin's lead and becomes the King of America.

I bet he's going to try.


$C: Wasn’t he also the first to even be willing to seriously discuss the topic of universal healthcare?
$C: Drafts are a good way to make people care about what wars their country is involved in. 
$C:  the "Failure to compromise" as the cause of the Civil War and Buchanan (and to some degree Lincoln) gets a lot of blame for that but after reading so much on the CW i really feel that there was no compromise, the war was inevitable and we were fully on the path to the Civil War starting with the Missouri Compromise in the 1820s,long before Buchanan or Lincoln, it made the States unequal and our Union tenuous.

But yeah, its not like the rest of the "Shittiest Presidents List" is going to change much
$C: No i agree on that note, to me, and im not a lawyer but what Nixon did in that regard was a pretty clear violation of the Logan Act, much how i feel Trump violated the same law when he conspired with Russia after the Obama Sanctions .

Nixon was no saint, but he did some good.

I dont see how we will look back on Trump and say that
$C: Conservativism has a place, but this isnt that anymore.

Theres no way to walk this back and turn it around anymore.


The GOP picked its hill to die on
$C: You arent seriously suggesting that Lincoln is the worst president in history are you because lmfao at that one
$C: I'm afraid of that happening at a protest. I could see him suggesting his followers show up with guns to a large anti-Trump protest.
$C: Yep. Nixon was scum, but he was at least intelligent scum. Yesterday Trump misspelled “collusion” on his statement script. Sad!
$C: Winning what?
$C: Pence would be bad for America, but not anywhere near as bad, in my opinion. He's a far right theocrat but he's neither malicious nor stupid, or at least not as stupid as Trump. He would make an honest effort to keep America strong and he's been in politics long enough that he probably wouldn't do TOO bad a job of it. It would really suck for women and minorities, but I can't imagine he would do anything too cataclysmic.  

Nixon was arguably decent president, if you ignore the whole breaking the law thing. He got shit done. He implemented a lot of policies that bettered our nation. He made real efforts to get American bodies out of warzones, and his foreign policies were unconventional at the time but set the foundation for modern American diplomacy. He was definitely a cheat, a schemer, and straight up involved in organized crime, but the damage he caused was more in principle than in practice. He broke the law in his efforts to weaken his political opponents, which is absolutely unacceptable of any politician, but at least he made reasonably good use of his ill-gotten power.  

Disclaimer: I'm not an expert or a historian, just a concerned citizen. But you asked me for my two cents, so there they are.
$C: Counterpoint - NYT
$C: Want to provide some proof?

 Also just have to add, the "mainstream media" is a boogeyman, that diminishes the quality work that journalists do (like this article shows). Journalists are not one huge monolith to attack, there's so many quality outlets that focus on varying topics like, Foregin Policy, Forbes, or The Washington Post that to just say "Oh yeah they're all liars" is frankly a lazy argument not grounded in any truth.
$C: > There is not journalistic integrity to be found anywhere in the mainstream media

Sorry, but this is just wrong. Use your brain, and you can find plenty of it. Reuters and AP are very good sources. Don't pretend this is some MSM crap. It is a problem for any type of journalism. There are several extremely good mainstream sources out there, you just have to use them.
$C: Your “opinion” is the Russian fake news and hacking had no effect on the outcome. I’m sure the millions and millions of dollars Russia invested and decades of intelligence/counter intelligence research means nothing. It’s not like they’ve trained people in manipulation tactics. I’m sure your 3 hours talking with friends on Facebook and 300 hours watching FoxNews outweighs the decades and billions they’ve put into undermining our democracy. Yeah I agree with you “100%”, no effect on outcome of the election. 

You obviously overestimate human intellect. Think about this, there are highly educated people with multiple advanced degrees on completely opposite sides of the debate. One group has to be right, and one group has latched onto fake news. 

 | how many people do you really think changed their vote because of some fake news stories?|

How many people buy diet Dr Pepper because they believe it will help them from gaining weight? That shit taste like garbage, but millions are made off of it because of creative marketing and the absolute simplicity of swaying people’s opinions. News works. Fake news works. There’s 4,200 active religions in the world right now! That means 4,199-4,200 have been convinced some random God, Godess, or other being|s have planned this. Billions of people convinced in FAKE shit! 

But seriously. If you and I didn’t talk about politics or religion, I bet we would get along. I’m just a Dad trying to raise my two children the best I can. My family had fought in wars defending an idea. I bet our views are not that different. I didn’t vote for Hillary and I believe she was the worse option, but that doesn’t mean that Trump is absolved from possible corruption. 

P.S.  I agree with Your comments on Russia hacking voters booths. Now a days, I’m not surprised by anything anymore though. 
$C: Let's clarify a few things for the sake of the discussion. 

You make the accusation that I'm easily swayed by a narrative yet the accusation itself is riddled with narrative points that you only find on shows broadcast by Fox News. That's a pretty pretentious argument to make but I guess I'll explain my view further?

I registered Dem to try and get Bernie through the primary because I believed that his core values were the best among all candidates and they seemed to be new and ambitious rather than the pandering view of the usual regurgitated candidates we've seen every election (that includes Hillary by the way). 

The effect that the hacking had on the DNC personally affected my views having a fair shot in the election. I believe the intention of the attack was to put the weaker candidate through, a candidate whose reputation could be easily controlled and criticized through social media. 

The rise of social media is extremely new and paradigm shifts are happening in all forms politically. The influence it has is paramount from town to federal and this was obviously understood by some very smart individuals (Cambridge Analytica, Facebook, etc) and taken advantage of. People are astoundingly more vocal about politics than they were 15 years ago and I believe the cause of that has been the media and whomever is controlling that media group's interests (or whatever country's interests). I believe that's causing a divide in the country which I don't think is unreasonable for a generation that experienced 9/11 with an innocent view to recognize.

So I'm confused as to what narrative may have swayed my vote because the DNC Hack has been confirmed by our own intelligence agencies and yet the President seems to take his pen pal's side over his own country, That's damn well treasonous if anything else wasn't.


$C: I’m sorry your life has been so terrible you reached this point, but I hope you get better soon 
$C: wE dId tHaT aLrEaDy nO oNe cArEd
$C: Is their one big law to not receal classified info? Or is it to uphold the constitution? I remember that coming up with the Snowden story.

Sincerely asking here. I'm not a government employee and I've given up trying to stay abreast of even the most important news.
$C: So what does that mean for the ppl who came out about this information? 
$C: A person can have a preference in a person being elected. Obama actively campaigned for Hillary. Which NO president has ever done because they should be doing their job. Very simple here. How’s it any different for another person or group to lobby. That’s what Washington is. A lobbyist region.  
$C: >I'm anticipating a lot of high level leaks to start coming out.

Mm yeah that's the stuff, don't stop
$C: Of course it's the system they helped break...
$C: > 200

Rookie numbers.
$C: Too quick
$C: Oh you sweet summer child. Look up some medieval techniques and feast your eyes 
$C: Solitary comfinement and feeding tubes would probably be the shittiest way to end your life

Ask the shoe bomber
$C: No, it's just "EA$"
$C: > **TREA$ON**.
   
Hmmm...I like the sound of that! Where do I invest?

$C: Yeah, but he'd need the $ for that to be relevant. Billionaires don't act like Trump. They don't do all of those "get rich quick" type of products like the wines, steaks, University, etc.. It's all show. A house of cards. 
$C: when was the last time a Republican President won the popular vote? 
$C: They have, interestingly the comments section on fox has turned from republican rambles to actually condemning trump. Interesting how a few fox news articles can change opinions that fast..
$C: Depends which part of fox.  Hannity and Ingraham have been lying and spinning up a storm.  Witch Hunt, Hillary emails, etc.  
$C: They've done shit like this before condemn him harshly at first, slowly lessen the intensity until it becomes simply justification.

If they're still all antsy about in a week or so I'd be shocked.
$C: Conditional treason. Got it. 
$C: There is no way that this ends well for them. Either the Republican party falls or America does. There is no reasonable way for both t come out unscathed.
$C: [Make sure to vote them out](https://www.vote.org/)
$C: Don't tell me about deflection when it was Obama's ineffectiveness that allowed this to happen in the first place.
$C: Thing is, though, it's kind of a miracle it took 230 years to happen, looking at other countries.  But yeah, we have the benefit of hindsight.
$C: Holding a gun-fueled revolution right now would get you labeled as a terrorist and put in Gitmo 
$C: Certainly no argument from me on that.
$C: That’s really interesting thanks - I just find it fascinating that there’s no way of removing someone if they are doing a terrible job. There doesn’t seem to be a no-confidence mechanism like we have here in Ireland and the UK. And then other countries like France would just take to the streets in protest - one of the many things I admire about the French. 
$C: Social media campaigns can help immensely with promoting protests. Even more so, they would promote their ideals, which is way more important right now. It'd be amazing if local political activist groups were banding together and trying to organize state/nation wide protests on the same days and times.
$C: True, but it can send a message. 3rd party votes rose up to 4 % from just 3.1% the previous election cycle. We get that number to 10% and they have to include them in the next election debates. I don't want to be browbeat into voting for the lesser evil. That's not freedom.
$C: A Trump supporter taking someone else to task for not having a basis in reality is like a mole suggesting a swan doesn't know how to fly properly.
$C: [deleted]
$C: I'll take your word for it. Just got connected to the sub /mostgilded (I may have spelt that wrong) and it's crazy... Still, Trump.. we all know what the fuck is up.
$C: Hey, sorry for not replying. Busy with work etc. 

Yeah I completely agree with your view on how everyone is more interested in learning about athletes, musicians etc. I try and keep a rough idea on what's going on in all aspects of the news.

I feel my main problem with politics is I'm from England...our political problems are just the same shit all the time. Brexit is happening...Brexit isnt happening. 

As an outsider of your country I look at trump and I'm just in pure disbelief that he was voted in. The constant corruption, the way he "poorly" words things and all together his constant controversy. I just find it irritating that the evidence seems to be in plain sight yet through some kind of loophole or maybe because of how many fences are needed to jump over anything he does is just ignored. 

I visited the US once (only to Florida, so I have to admit it was a bit of a typical tourist place) and the people I met were amazing, you were all kind and helpful whenever I asked, I just find it so hard to believe that this person feels he is what represents the American people.

Again, I'm a complete outsider and I'm just genuinely interested in the American view of this scandal. I'm not wanting to cause any controversy or offence. 
$C: That's more accurate.
$C: Still too many 
$C: I know. And I'm fucking salty about it.
$C: Which is what the cold war was? You really are bad with names.
$C: C'mon, don't be deliberately obtuse and use your head for a second.

You're a smart and engaged Redditor, use your powers of deduction and take a guess.
$C: i don't peddle in bullshit conspiracy theories, save that shit for r/conspiracy or r/the_donald. Anyone have a legit explanation for this? 
$C: Is that all you have? 
$C: [deleted]
$C: So far it looks like all Russia was able to expose was Clinton's corruption during the election...I have no idea how that translates to Trump being a worse choice than Clinton.

$C: >anybody whom disagrees with me isn't human 

Now WHERE have I heard that before? 🤔
$C: They were right about Putin. 

[https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2018/jul/18/donald-trump-putin-2016-election-russia-cbs](https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2018/jul/18/donald-trump-putin-2016-election-russia-cbs)
$C: First of all... I barely even understood what you were saying in the first place. You said Obama is saying this cyberattack was unsuccessful. And that this was only alleged. So unproven. That's what I read and I never disagreed just unsure of how to respond. Care to fill me in on what I don't know?
$C: They have a plan but its just buried in the deluge of Trump's trainwreck of a presidency. They can't pass legislation, they have no definitive party leader so there is no centralized message. 
                 
Dem senators are proposing legislation, for example, Sen Markey is trying to ban gay panic as a legal defense. These things don't get any media attention and they won't pass if you don't vote democrat. 
                      
If not having decent healthcare and Republicans "clear messaging" is more appealing to you I don't know what to say. The central messaging and leadership doesn't improve if you don't elect good state representatives.
$C: Please elaborate on how supporting a website I've enjoyed every day for almost ten years is sad
$C: Thanks for posting that I guess. I hope anyone who is at least 1% suspicious/cautious of an environment where only one point of view is even worthy of being heard or discussed sees this and can see at least one example of how any attempt at balance was met with outright disdain and condescension.
$C: Hillary should be impeached for trying to influence the election.
$C: > How is that any different from illegal immigrants voting

no evidence this happned in a large amount... but I agree it pales in comparison to the effects of mega donors like the koch bros or the mercers
$C: Come on man get with the hyper-emotional program, they OWN him
$C: It should sound like I'm asking a question, considering that's what I'm doing.

I'm supposed to care because they "interfered in a number of ways", then? I have to say that's not a particularly inspiring response. And throwing a baseless accusation against me in there is not really convincing me of much other than that you are being a bit of an asshole.
$C: >And regarding why nobody talks about it: analysts, strategists and intelectuals are already talking about it, while the public discourse is cought up in immigration and scandals. There are articles about this topic, but the news-overload and the diffamations of good journalism by the president and the Murdoch-empire makes the topic drown.

Wait a second, the reason that the public is not talking about the fact that American universities have become Marxist propaganda outlets that also happen to be regularly producing something like 80% Democratic voters, is because of the impact of the minuscule amount of *Republican* public voices? Sorry that one does not make any sense to me at all. I think it's exactly the other way around - the overwhelmingly pro-Democrat media is ignoring a huge problem because it offers short-term political gain to their party.

I think it's pretty obvious that the EU is just an extension of German diplomatic power. It's not a matter of oppression exactly, but it is their tool to influence the policy of surrounding nations without invading them this time. I don't exactly understand why that would be Russia's primary goal though, as stated in that article.

I don't actually see what Russia gains from political division in the US, exactly. They are not a global power anymore, their interest should be in their immediate surroundings, aka the EU, not US internal politics. The main thing creating the division that I see in my life is radicalized university activists, and I would put that at the feet of Soviet era plans to infiltrate the US education system that are finally coming to fruition, largely from watching this video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Obr1XqUPEII - I know I'm in deep enough territory to be self-skeptical here, but if we're talking about Russian influence conspiracy anyways, this makes more sense to me.
$C: judging from this guys history I think he's just bating~~. Or at least I hope he is~~

EDIT: Yeah hes probably bating
$C: I mean, I just assume he's a troll from T_D, trying to paint a negative picture.
I suppose I should ask for a source for that though.
$C: Paul Ryan & Turtleneck control what’s getting on the floor to vote completely.  They’re blocking ALL impeachment motions from being voted on.

So yeah.  Fucking Republicans.
$C: Government is corrupt period.
$C: I'm not going to defend the Democrats here.

The Republicans are blocking this so hard it doesn't matter what anyone else thinks or wants.

It is in our best interest to get them out of power. You are looking at getting shot in the foot or the head, and saying that both are equally bad because either way you are getting shot.
$C: Be careful with all that sensibility on reddit. Any implication that democrats aren’t perfect is treasonous and will he met with ad hominem attacks and downvotes.

Are there corrupt bastards in politics? Yes. Both parties.
$C: Then you're not paying attention.
$C: I'm sorry but the left is not corrupt.  You need to do some research.  Hillary ran perhaps the cleanest and most well-organized campaign of all time which is even more proof that Russia hacked the election.  
$C: Thank you.
$C: >In the criminal convictions contest, the score is Republicans 89, Democrats 1. 

https://www.motherjones.com/kevin-drum/2017/06/our-score-so-far-republicans-89-democrats-1/

>If you look at criminal indictments, not just convictions, its not a prettier picture: GOP Presidencies had 124 criminal indictments. Democrats had 3. 

https://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/republican-presidencies-have-91x-the-convictions-rate_us_5a3d5406e4b0df0de8b064e5



Administration | Party | Years  in Office | Criminal Indictments | Criminal Convictions | Prison Sentences
---|---|----|----|----|----
Barack Obama | Democrat | 8 | 0 | 0| 0
George W. Bush| Republican| 8| 16| 16| 9
Bill Clinton| Democrat| 8| 2| 1 | 1
George H. W. Bush | Republican | 4 | 1 | 1 | 1
Ronald Reagan | Republican | 8 | 26 | 16 | 8
Jimmy Carter | Democrat | 4 | 1 | 0 | 0
Gerald Ford | Republican | 2.4 | 1 | 1 | 1
Richard Nixon | Republican | 5.6 | 76 | 55 | 15
https://www.debatepolitics.com/general-political-discussion/300317-criminal-activity-executive-branch-over-past-53-years.html



BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES BOTH SIDES 

$C: [deleted]
$C: Weird phrasing. Almost like english isn't your first language...
$C: It is. That's exactly the precedent set.
$C: [deleted]
$C: You know what it's implying. 
$C: Tell that to Lee Harvey Oswald
$C: Well, maybe with Russia's help... /s
$C: There are plenty of leaders that have been *"impeached"* by the public all throughout history. 
$C: So we’re aupposed to go “Nooo that’s mean you know how stupid those people are Russia!! That’s taking advantage of us!!!”

Instead of “Hey this was fucked up, maybe we need to focus more on education and making sure people arent so stupid and gullible”
$C: To be fair, I wouldn't blame it on your countrymen. You really think the "far right" stuff in Europe is just some "out of place" event? Nope. It's the exact same thing. Had Trump been in Europe, he'd be shred to pieces by now. It's way worse here. 

Fortunately, our taxes don't allow that many to becomes that independent.

It's an interesting mention of 1984 though. I personally didn't enjoy the book, perhaps because I expected too much, but I've heard so many praise Orwell that it seems he might have had some capability of seeing it.

I know I can see some simple things that I've noticed others don't really pick up on, so I must assume that there are those that can pick up these sort of "large scale" behaviors, which Orwell seemed to be a master of. 

Although, we far too often pretend that we live in "unique" times, when any recollection of history seems to prove that we don't. We're just as ignorant as they were. Maybe he just read a ducking history book. It's not like things have changed. If anything, such a major assumed game-breaker as the internet just seems to have made things worse. After all, we're still just human...
$C: Again, they are completely different.  No one is afraid of Russia attacking us on our soil. It isn't a thing. People think that Russia is not our friend and that the President is avoiding putting blame on Russia. He has been avoiding it for two years. That's why it's still an issue.  This isn't anything close to "terrorists". 

>Sorry, but if anything the media downplays the threat of MS-13.  

So the only difference this time is that you fell for the propaganda. MS-13 is exactly like the "terrorists". 
$C: In a border crossing in Texas - 6 month period leading up to April of 2018

>123 MS-13 arrests of the more than 66,000 apprehensions in that sector during that time.

> Nationwide, the Border Patrol says 181 of its arrests were MS-13 gang members during the same six-month period.  

Come on man. You're drinking the propaganda. It is so easy for you to see it in previous decades. Please realize it now!!  

Edit: 
>MS-13 accounts for less than 1 percent of total U.S. gang membership.
$C: Why wouldn’t you want the Democrats to run a good politician? Just curious. 
$C: Yup, but you can't let it weigh you down, you know. We are all just fragile people doing our best, and we have to try to see the amazing things that we accomplish together rather than the small things that divide us. 

As long we're all achieving all of this together, I'm happy to live with the knowledge of the misfortune it can mean to be a human.
$C: That doesn't prove anything, nor does it talk about emails or hacking. It means nothing. What they are talking about is no different than Hillary paying fusion gps and Russia to make the fake dossier on Trump. Actually that was worse as it was used to illegally spy on Trump. 
$C: "There doesn't seem to be anything here."
$C: nonsense...I'm not even speaking of any collusion at this point...his constant lying alone is worthy.  add his inaction toward russia meddling in our elections, demonization of the press and his cozying up toward russia (in light of their meddling) and you could make a strong case for impeachment.
$C: Relevant user name, considering that’s exactly what the people on the other side of the disagreement would say.

Everyone is delusional to everyone else—unless you agree, of course.
$C: It’s a yes or no question. 
$C: I would consider lying to the point of undermining and weakening trust of your own country's intelligence agencies as malicious lying. 
$C: I got a tax cut?! We’re doomed! Doomed I tell you! 
$C: https://www.acslaw.org/acsblog/president-trump-has-no-defense-under-the-foreign-emoluments-clause/

As a constitutional lawyer myself, here is an article written by two very renown constitutional scholars. Another person to check out on this matter would be Erwin Chemerinsky. 
$C: See I knew you’d come around. Time to blue pill the next ass backwards republican 
$C: Nice.
$C: Accept what? All I see is known liers under oath telling me Russians did something while a previous administration was in power. And even heard in a persons own words he hated Trump and was going to stop him from being President. And if he did, had an insurance policy if it happened. Russia is the insurance policy, bozo. 
$C: K come back to me when something actually happens. For now I'll enjoy a strong, prospering country. I see results now I never onve saw from your cult leader Obama
$C: No he couldn't.
$C: "Splinter the cia into a million pieces" - jfk, shortly before being assassinated by the cia
$C: let's start prosecuting the people who knew about it and did nothing from the primaries through the actual election.

$C: > Upvotes? Gold? No, little one. I want downvotes. As many as I can get

You'll have to make a small sacrifice, because I'm upvoting you!
$C: Lol this can't be real life. 
$C: > Oh wait. Obama said that Russian meddling wasn't possible. (Or something along those lines.)

That's what i said was incorrect.
$C: I started laughing too when i read this. Obama specifically said he didn't want to sway the votes by releasing the information? Wtf does that even mean? Wtf do you think running a country is like? Voting for most popular or most likely to succeed in life? "I don't want to release info on Becky being a cheating slut. It will ruin her chances at most popular." 

If you receive information that a foreign country is hacking your  election, as president, you do something about it. You dont sit on the information until the time just passes. Good lord. The fact OBAMA sat on it while your personal satan was elected is rather telling. 
Didn't want to sway votes by releasing the information. Hahahahaha. Too good.



$C: Thank you
$C: [Russian hackers targeted Arizona election system](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/fbi-is-investigating-foreign-hacks-of-state-election-systems/2016/08/29/6e758ff4-6e00-11e6-8365-b19e428a975e_story.html?utm_term=.5d04c79cb0ce)
$C: [actually, it fucking is](https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/52/30121). 
$C: They hacked voter registration systems and un-registered democratic voters. They also switched people to registered Republicans. Both cases resulted in people not being able to vote.  How exactly is that not changing votes?
$C: What evidence? 
$C: Interfere how though? That's what I'm asking
$C: 8 years of falling unemployment, growing stock market, and the rebuilding of trust in the US on the international stage after the cluster fuck of Iraq / Afghanistan?     
All Trump has shown us on the outside world is that the US is unstable and willing to attack it's allies with trade wars while cosying up to dictators like Putin and Erdogan.     
What "hell" have you endured?
$C: Reminds me of that South Park episode with Hillary Clinton and the Snuke.

Vlad: "There were enemies before the Muslims. Who is America's oldest enemy?"

Cartman: "The Russians?"

Vlad: "Before that."

Cartman: "The Germans?"

Vlad: "Before that."

Cartman: "...The Germans again?"

Vlad: "Before that! I am talking about the oldest threat to America! The greatest enemy America has ever known!"

Cartman: "You can't possibly mean..."

*suddenly British flagships*
$C: Grow up, dummy. Be a man.
$C: Which actually confuses me on why
$C: What the fuck? Are you literally claiming undoing progress isn’t a bad thing? So you’re pro regression? 
$C: If you think I want to talk to you then you are wrong

Also I see the second one was the right answer
$C: You're right progress is bad.
$C: Betsy Devos is all you need to know my man. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: Very strongly!
$C: All we can do is ask really..
$C: There are more diplomatic and honest ways of protecting your country's intelligence.
$C: He doesn't care about that. He leaked classified intel to the Russians immediately after taking office. Nice try though
$C: It didn't stop after the election though. That's my point. 
$C: They’re not sending they’re best...but some, I assume, are good people.
$C: Towards the end of the election they banned non-question responses to Trump supporters, which was blatantly an attempt to try to make it more difficult to call out blatant misinformation. That was when it started going downhill fast.
$C: It's pretty bad, but I guess it's not as gross as pedes.
$C: They hope they silenced Patient Zero before his ideas could spread
$C: Yeah, after a thorough review of the poster’s history. Apparently it’s so hard to fathom that someone would lose support for the precious GEOTUS that they MUST be a troll if they do. 
$C: Well, that's pretty good of them
$C: No cracks in the echo chamber!
$C: Jesus fucking Christ I honestly can’t believe what I just heard. This should be higher up. What a disgusting animal.
$C: The party of TRAITORS. 
$C: It hasn’t been 2 years and trump sold $110 billion worth of weapons to Saudi Arabia. 
$C: Ah yes, the "Well they are bad people, so it justifies us as bad people." argument.

Don't spout this shit while telling others to 'grow up' at the same time.
$C: Hillary won the election by 3 million votes even with massive Russian interference. I also think Saudi Arabia and Qatar haven't got anywhere near the skill russia has at these kinds of things, I also don't think that whatever influence they tried to exert was even a handful of percentage points of what Russia did. 

Why is ANY country interfering in our elections suddenly okay to you and why is a president openly lying about suddenly acceptable? Copy paste all of these stories into google, replace every Trump with Obama, and then see how you feel.
$C: It's not JUST other foreign powers that interfere with our elections, we've been interfering in elections of foreign nations for ages. Our government, republicans and democrats alike, have even been murdering the leaders of foreign nations. 
$C: That’s naive? Lol, irony at its finest.
$C: So you don’t find it odd that anti trump propaganda is pushed constantly to the front page with misleading headlines meant to ignite the left vs right fight?  You’ve already looked at my comment history and I guess disqualified my opinion. I don’t want the people who dislike trump to go away. I just want them to calm down and get along with people on the other side of the aisle. 
$C: The left can’t get any more extreme unless they start loading people on to trains. They are already harassing politicians at their homes.

Here is the reaction when a group of white/black/hispanic Trump supporters go to a bar in California:

https://youtu.be/hA-RSlFH09o


>	he said, “not only are you racist, now you are a stupid Mexican“
$C: > lol. split the country? Where were you when Trump supporters were being assaulted, spit on, cussed at, ripped out of their cars and beat, harassed, and doxxed? The left showed their ass in 2016. Flag burning left-wing fascists who act like they hate capitalism but have basked in the abundance of it daily since day 1... and half of Trump's supporters are 'deplorables'? It's obvious who is responsible for (D)ivision in the U.S.

Let's not pretend this was only on one side. People literally marched through the streets carrying nazi flags, and they **killed** a left wing protestor. 

$C: For the record.. this has nothing to do with political ideology. It’s not about tit for tat. Its not about asshole protestors or the things Obama or Clinton did. It’s about here and now. This is information warfare. How far do you let it go? 

You make me sad. It’s okay. We’ll take care of this one without ya 😉


$C: What makes you think he acted like a bitch? Putin never had an impact on the elections. 

“Election meddling” has been happening since Nixon. Everyone that handles these issues in government are well aware of the situation. Being outraged on reddit thinking you’ve uncovered something new is not only ignorant but laughable. 
$C: I wasn't referring to you with that last sentence.  Just general Trump supporters.  It seems you'll at least give credence to the possibility.  Trump supporters seem to refuse to accept any factual finding by either saying "what about" or questioning motives.  At this point, I don't care what motivates you as long as you're finding corruption and destroying it.  Russia actively wants to undermine democracy.
$C: When it comes to Trump, there's not much that really surprises me anymore.  I don't really put anything past him given that I constantly have pushed back the goal posts for him.  "Surely, he's going to respect women.  Oh... well... 'grab 'em by the pussy', eh?  Uhhh...  Well, he's not going to provoke North Korea or get into a twitter war with Kim.  Wait... no... I guess he will.  Well, certainly he didn't have sex with a stripper after his kids' birth and then pay her off, did he?  Oh geez, he did THAT too?!?"  Constantly it's been one thing after another that I've had to come to terms with... so... nah, I don't really put it past him.

Also, it actually IS a spy game conspiracy.  There's a lot of stuff that goes on that we, the common citizens, aren't privy to.  Look at Russia using [chemical weapons on UK soil to off a former KGB spy](https://www.cbsnews.com/news/britain-police-id-suspects-novichok-poisoning-russian-ex-spy-sergei-skripal-reports/) for instance.  Look at [Maria Butina](https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2018/jul/18/maria-butina-spy-russia-intelligence-nra-republicans-latest-news).  [And there's the stuff that Mueller has been finding](https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2018/2/20/17031772/mueller-indictments-grand-jury).  So yeah, it's so big stuff that's been going down.  Subverting war games Russia has been waging against the US.

In regards to "your vag", your focusing on one small part of what the Democrats platform has been about.  Republicans have been complacent with women's rights where they are(and to some degree about reverting(in regards to abortion rights) decisions that have been made).  Sure, you're more than just "your vag", but the republican party wants you to completely ignore that you're a woman in the first place.
$C: OH, they have issues, things like White Supremacy and Christian Theocracy
$C: >>  Look at the issues and how the candidates respond to those
>
>I'm looking at the issue and all I see is that Republicans constantly vote against America, against all reason and in favour of the traitor in chief. Do I have your permission to vote Democrat now?

Maybe learn to think for yourself first  😂
$C: > Partisan allegiance is the only rational answer when one party is top-to-bottom actively complicit in the dismantling of American democracy, thanks.

what are you talking about? Gerrymandering has been happening, theyve been trying to limit minorities from voting for years what new way are they trying to dismantle democracy?
$C: Your problem is that you think getting your way is what democracy is founded upon.  The people of the country spoke when they gave the republicans the House.  They spoke when they gave republicans the Senate.  They spoke when they gave republicans the White House.

You just dont like what they are saying.  Democracy is working just fucking fine with or without you.
$C: You're delusional, mate. No one should be taking advice from people like you  😂
$C: Fair enough.  Thanks.
$C: Very little of it was in retaliation to Obama. This is the vid that finally sold me on Trump - https://youtu.be/Fely6gd2Q-k

Most of us are just tired of seeing the USA taken advantage of and being told to accept it because "that's how the world is now."

Trump is making huge waves, and they aren't always pretty, but if you can learn to laugh at some of his shit it's truly hilarious watching him tell our half-ass allies to meet their commitments or fuck off. These people have been slacking for yearssss. Hell, we're probably indirectly paying for the universal healthcare the Germans and UK love to talk about.

Trump also says all sorts of things common people wonder about but the elites or media never seem to cover. Like how does it make sense for Germany to partner with Russia on an oil/gas pipeline while we (USA) pay tens of millions (AT LEAST) every year on protecting Germany from Russia.

No matter how you choose to look at it, the ball has been in America's court since WWII. Now, someone who has real world business experience  (instead of managing a bunch of campaign aides) has picked the ball up and the game is on. No compromises. We're playing to win.
$C: Literally your entire comment is just one big example of someone suffering from extreme confirmation bias and false equivalency. No, Trump is  not racist. No, he’s not a fascist. No, Republicans aren’t racist because they are Republicans.
$C: Trump was calling the Russia "thing" a hoax/witchhunt as recently as yesterday, today he admitted that they interfered but are now totally done, despite what *all* of his intelligence from *all* of his allies has told him over and over again since before the election...

How else could this possibly look? At this point he is massively, unbelievably incompetent *at best!*
$C: My dude. I have been quiet for the last six years. I don't like making comments online regarding politics. After seeing our puppet president on Monday fail to confront Putin regarding attack on our country, no more! I am going to stand up. Democracy demands it.
$C: Look at what the US and Israel did to Iran's nuclear program with the stuxnet malware. We destroyed their capacity to create a nuclear device. The linked article mentions Russia has malware in our power grid. If you do not believe Russia has the same capability, you are a fool. 
$C: You're right, it's that she was a woman and a Democrat.
$C: It’s the opposite though. 

He’s said bad things about ally leaders (Britain, Australia, Canada), and good things about violators Duerte, Kim Jong Un, Putin.
$C: Saying Trump is a horrible person because he's a horrible person isn't crazy to me.
$C: >The president of the United States is Donald Trump.


Unfortunately for all Americans. 

How is this an argument?

>It's hilarious that Americans are finally getting a taste of their own medicine. You would think a country so well versed in meddling in other countries affairs would be able to stop it happening to themselves.

>Oh but I suppose it's been happening quite awhile with Israel pretty much calling the shots.

As an American I don’t support my country doing these things either. 

What’s your argument now? Go fuck up your own country and leave us to fix our problems here. You’re doing nothing but being a waste of time on the internet. Do something productive. 
$C: PWNED BY DINGDONG #GETREKT #MAGA #NOCOLLUSION

HIS NAME WAS SETH RICH

$C: I'm sure she's still waddling around pissing in a bag and screeching at the hired help somewhere. Hope she's doing okay, that loss must've really taken a toll in her :( :( :(
$C: >That’s like saying the only way to only way to get Putin back is to start a dictatorship and sway the results of they’re election. 


Except even Putin supporters only support him because hey have to. 

>It’s ridic and it’s stooping to their level


They don’t have a level. They are irredeemable. 

>Plus, you’re taking the vocal minority and assuming it’s the whole population. 


The vocal minority is the only thing that makes up Trump Supporters at this point. 

We don’t need them. They are irredeemable. I don’t want them on my side. Their attitude and behavior is toxic. They are toxic to any ideology they touch. 

We don’t want or need them. They need to be shamed into oblivion until they are so irrelevant that they can’t even affect their own personal lives. 
$C: Never said I was a moral arbiter. 

Simply stated that Trump supporters deserve nothing from anyone. And they will receive nothing from anyone. 

They are irredeemable. Treating them with respect is all they want. 

Giving them what they want won’t change anything. They want to treat people like shit and be respected for it. Nothing more. Nothing less. 

These people need to be shamed into oblivion. Simple as that. 
$C: Your complacency is alarming. Outside interference is creating a huge internal divide. The GOP is in bed with Russian intelligence by way of the NRA and then proceeding to cover it up. Trump is shitting on our allies and constantly proving himself to be a national embarrassment and has been since his campaign started. He's siding with foreign nations over our own intelligence agencies. 

The integrity of the position of President and thus the U.S is crumbling under the weight of Trump. It's not melodramatic to be concerned with the absolute buffoonery going on in the white house and it's not melodramatic to call someone out when they say "HA HA we won! YOU lost" in response to an increasingly fucked up political situation. 
$C: Make an argument defending Trump that doesn’t involve Obama or Hillary. I bet you can’t. Obama isn’t president anymore. What he did is no longer relevant to the current situation. I know you’re too stupid to defend Trump without bringing up Hillary or Obama, so I won’t hold my breath for a legit response. 
$C: Novelty Trump account goes right to the whataboutisms
$C: How is trump hard on russia?  Did it play with their balls too much?  Trump rolled over like a roaster on Live TV.
$C: He has a hard on *for* Russia. 

Not hard *on* Russia. 

Easy mistake to make. 
$C: His policies have underfunded defense of Russia's interference in our election while provoking trade wars with our allies. He insults European world leaders to their faces and suggests Russia be reinstated into the G7.

He's soft on Russia, hard on our allies. Policywise and rhetorically.
$C: Propaganda? Holy. Shit.
$C: Tariffs: disaster

Government debt: through the roof unnecessarily

Most long standing partnership alliances: disaster

Truthfulness in politics: low point

Corruption (siphoning off taxpayer money for Trump properties): continual

Elevating dictators around the world: huge

Dissolving essential foundations of democracy, like accountability to the press

Etc
$C: Except no country in the world can take us at our word anymore.  North Korea still has nukes and not much seems to be being done about that because according to Trump, "That was last season, this season is all about Russia!"
$C: [deleted]
$C: [deleted]
$C: [deleted]
$C: Oh I didn’t realize it was still 2003. You’re comparing apples to oranges here my friend.

The invasion of Iraq was based on lies at worst and wishful thinking at best. The Bush administration based their decision to invade on flawed intel such as the [“dodgy dossier”](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iraq_Dossier), and the [September dossier](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/September_Dossier), both of which contained many evidence-lacking allegations that have since been proven false.

Unlike then, we now have every single intelligence agency in unanimous agreement that Russia meddled in the election. They indicted 12 Russian intelligence agents, so if there was no proof of it I highly doubt they would be pressing charges.
$C: No you just desperately want people to not care.
$C: Wtf does that have to do with what I just said or what we are talking about?
$C: Yes he literally blamed America and called us all "stupid and foolish" and didn't say one criticism of Russia 
$C: Did Obama get us out of the Paris Climate Accords?
$C: Seems like the best thing Obama ever did was leave office?
$C: The guy literally came into the thread saying he supported Trump and I was curious why. Pm it to me I'm legitimately curious. 
$C: Oh boy if you want to start to pull out caricatures you're in for a bad time. 

The equivalent of this for trump supporters is trailer trash meth addicts from kentucky, lol.
$C: [removed]
$C: Yeah, you just proved his point.

Too bad you will fail to see that.  Keep cherry picking and deflecting, though.  I know I'm "triggered" now, so would you like me to deliver my tears to you, or will you come collect?
$C: He is not up against a candidate, you shouldn't compare him to anyone else because we only have one president. You should hold him accountable for his food damn flaws
$C: Honestly no. If they would have done research like  you told me to do during the elections then how would they be influenced? I feel like people who really care about American politics actually vote so how would Russian bots influence people who follow what is going on politically. Russia doesn’t influence our news media and they report the most amount of information involving our elections.
$C: Yeah it's impressive, seeing as this isn't peak activity right now. Most of America and Europe is asleep.
$C: Whatever new story is being reported. Point in case the highest rated comment in this thread is "this seems like kind of a big deal."
$C: My point is classification doesn't necessarily imply that the information is "more likely to be true."
$C: He doesn't believe them or doesn't believe their evaluation of the evidence.  In addition to that he's expressed on numerous occasions that he wants to repair relations with Russia. They meddled in our election. We've meddled in a hundred elections over the past century. Trump doesn't believe it benefits us for him to get up there and castigate Putin publicly.  
$C: Of course not, bots aren’t alive. 
$C: Technically a bunch of 20 somethings who refused to vote to keep Trump from being president, are the main chunk to blame. 

Russia's efforts was to make Hillary a non option, they succeeded. 

You can't make up the 7 million missing voters, that's just the numbers, and the numbers are well established. 
$C: I think the best thing Russia did for Trump is sell a bunch of 20 somethings a story on "Hillary's Emails," and keep them from voting. Even today you can go to the most liberal universities, you'll still find a kid who believes that there is lost Hillary emails, and they would still not vote for her. 

It wasn't like Trump cleared 70 million voters, hell he got less then McCain. 

But Hillary getting 63 compared to Obama's 70, that's an issue. 

The lack of voters needs to be addressed, as it could easily happen again. 
$C: Russia's main goal was making sure Hillary lost. 

Trump won be default do to the system. 

Please remember Putin has a personal hatred for Hillary. They never got along the entire 8 years Hillary was working for Obama. 

It was the lack of voting that hurt America the most. People continue to refuse to acknowledge that nearly 8 million total voters were absent in the 2016 election when compared to 2012. They didn't die in those 4 years, they stayed home. 

Voters staying home is a problem, and if you guys still refuse to see that as a problem, then I imagine it will happen again in 2020. 
$C: Got any proof Trump and Russia "worked together?"
$C: Society tends to reward those who earned a post secondary education. She was in a highly respected school, for a 7 year degree. Surely that counts for something. 

Otherwise the line up of ass lickers for Med Graduates/MDs is a bit odd. 

To act likely that opinion doesn't exist in society, is pretty ignorant. 

The nickname was an internal FBI concoction. The Media didn't coin the phrase, the FBI did. Again to ignore this is to be pretty ignorant. 

You seemed to be selectively ignorant to maintain a very specific narrative. 

Yet I'm the opinionated one, for doing nothing but posting established facts. This is how fucked up the conversation has become. Like I mentioned before, even now established facts are apparently up for debate. As you downvoted me, even though what I said is a well known fact, like somehow I was making it up. 

You are the living embodiment of the Russian Propaganda. As you will refuse to admit Hillary was a decent candidate. Despite no evidence against her, and a considerable amount of accommodations on her resume, you will never admit she was a candidate worth voting for. Which proves the greatest thing Russia did was convince educated 20 year olds not to vote for Hillary. 
$C: Lol yeah that's gold right there
$C: Why would he be dead if the story wasn't out? 
$C: Oh i'm not that influenced by outrage Reddit : I learned to avoid comments section anywhere on internet when it comes to politics.

But I read articles - surely biased because of media/writers - and I'm like : "Wow, apart from companies/lobbies/far-right, who could still support this guy ?"
$C: The US Army should turn their backs for about an hour. EVERYONE in America wants Trump out, or dead. 
$C: The "March for our Lives" movement, as well as plenty of other groups explicitly state that they want the 2nd Amendment repealed and that they want guns taken away from America's hands. These people have been tricked into ignoring the real problems and believing that prohibition will solve our violence problem. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: ??? About what?

Do you have the top secret Intel evidence that "anonymous sources" are talking about? Feel free to post it here for me to read. I haven't seen it anywhere.

What am I lying about? Not caring about what people say on the Internet? Well, I guess I could have chosen my words better. I get annoyed by trolls and propaganda. I think the US should pass a law that any paid political employees speaking out on the Internet about political issues should have to divulge that - that would cut down on the astroturfing and propaganda quite a bit. Not sure how that would really be enforced, though. Especially in regards to other Countries. 
$C: >I don't care how much your IC is to be trusted

And I don't give a shit about your little contrived bullshit blog post. Have a nice day.
$C: So this is artificially boosted with gilds and upvotes? 

Lol okay
$C: maybe.... people want you to see it?
$C: [deleted]
$C: Exactly what is he guilty of? As far as I know the only Russian influence I have seen, claimed by media sources, comes down to a few hundred thousand spent on Facebook ads and some bots on social media. The largest demographic of trump supporters aren't exactly consumers of Reddit or Facebook (they're old). Trump doesn't seem to have any connection with operating these initiatives, he might be covering up their existence but I don't know if that's impeachable. Bigger news should be his business connections in foreign countries that weren't affected by his comments on our trade deals (Saudi Arabia and Russia, but this has nothing to do with the election).l Honestly I see a lot of wishful thinking in this thread. I don't think this news is groundbreaking or surprising, and I've seen the same exact "we got him now!" comments on several Reddit threads. Every time it's "surely this is the end for Trump!", But the news is sort of meh. I think Reddit just hates the president and loves a witch-hunt.  
Edit: I would also like to say, if you think they fell for the psychological warfare from Russia, what makes you believe you haven't fallen for the psychological warfare from one of the tens of the other foreign countries attempting to influence our politics? You're view just seems naive to me. I have read sources from many different news agencies on all side of the political spectrum, and I haven't really seen much that is super alarming. I might be wrong, but it seems his business interests are the most dubious, but nothing on the election itself. 
$C: So we are good compared to the worst, gotcha...
$C: Why not compare yourself to the Western developed countries?
$C: I was just browsing randomly and this popped up. Felt like at least giving the insight of a European. Aka a more than average informed  person when it comes to America
$C: I'm perfectly aware that he lost the popular vote. The fact that you thought I didn't know is kinda insulting tbh. The entire world knows how fucked up your voting system is I was up until the early hours waiting for the results. As thing are the way you're assuming without any grounds make me feel I may actually know more about your own elections and legal system as a foreigner.  which Is incredibly sad. 
$C: Lol ok.
$C: How are those school shootings, police brutalities and crying over two office buildings that were destroyed 17 years ago in NY going? 
$C: Because they don't happen in the Land of the Free correct? 
$C: All of which are lower in my country than it is in the US, drunk driving included. 90% lower in fact when it comes to that stat.
$C: you're joking right ? lmao. 

"Authorities had no immediate information on the assailant’s motive but they believe the suspect had no background in terrorism."

You linked an article proving me right and your own claim to be wrong.
$C: Well, alright lets see how far your “proof” gets you in the next week or two when we see a headline exactly like this in worldnews and Trump is still doing the same shit he’s doing now. Nothings gonna change and stop pretend it will. You’re deceiving yourself thinking that the next Watergate is happening ever other week.
$C: Just a Russian bot, nothing to see folks.

Seriously though, crushing you in 2018 and then again in 2020 is going to be so satisfying.   Please continue crying.
$C: Then they have to explain why dozens of high profile intelligence officers are being arrested for fabricating a lie. Then there has to be a trial, and if the trial is on the basis that these men committed treason by revealing classified information it is confirmed in front of the nation, without a shadow of a doubt, that this is true.
$C: Aha! Of course the opposition will always be wrong! 

The image of two opposing islands comes to mind
$C: 1. First of all, you have a 30 day old Reddit acct.  so either welcome to the community bro or GTFO bot.  Hard to tell which these days with ShareBlue and ruskie bot accounts amongst us. 

2.  I was trolling the front page by purposefully playing ignorance to get the normies to think about how absurd the argument against voter ID laws are as well as to question the popular framing  of “Russian interference” as “hacking the election” altogether.

3.  You fell for it..hook...line...and sinker on the “stuffing the ballot box” question I posed.  The reason I say that is to draw attention to the “hundreds of thousands” of Central and South American nationals that illegally reside (and yes...vote) in the US, which voter ID laws would stop.  
$C: Some of us  are happy with the way things are. Its a slow miving agenda. Sort of 80 20 principle we can assume.
$C: It actually was a little help. Not much. But a little.
$C: Mueller is a republican. If anyone on our side is trying to drag it out it would be the anti-Trump faction in the alphabet agencies that feed Mueller information. If anyone wanted to stop Mueller from announcing that Trump was innocent it would be them. I'm only lamenting that *possibility* from the standpoint of us being so divided until that announcement is made. tbh I'm royally shocked there hasn't been a leak from those anti-Trump people that shows Trump is guilty. They've leaked on everyone else including FISA intelligence on Flynn's phone calls but they haven't leaked on Trump even as he makes Supreme Court nominations?? That's making me think they don't have anything on him and its being dragged out. If its being dragged out and Trump is ultimately cleared we're going to feel robbed and misled and the republicans will feel we robbed them of mid-term election victories and some of those victories will be given to democrats that want things like gun bans. This is a great fear of mine. You can almost hear the fabric of our republic being ripped apart. 
$C: Fair enough! Have a nice night and thanks for not crucifying me for asking a question lol  
$C: Okay, let's say Hilary is totally completely innocent, because it doesn't matter to my point anyways.

What happens if Trump is declared innocent by the investigation.
$C: Fuck, you Americans are fragile. This whole thread is fucking hilarious. It's alright for America to completely fuck up other nations, but the shit hits the fan when it happens to you, LOL.
$C: No, he was talking about election rigging in general
$C: Who the fuck cares about war anymore? That's the problem. We should be focused on literally anything else.
$C: Haha dont get me started again Mr Baggins
$C: [deleted]
$C: [deleted]
$C: [deleted]
$C: Okay, thanks. I wouldn't have known that because I don't know how that would have happened so I wanted to see if I was missing something. 
$C: I want to say 'exactly' here because this is honing in on the point I'm trying to make between our two perspectives. 

1. The article says 'several' people confirmed (thus leaking information from a top secret meeting) that the president seemed convinced. This would mean that several people were willing to stick out their neck to confirm this. I find that hard to believe as you do too. Nobody would want to deal with the consequences of leaking top secret information. 

2. This is my opinion entirely here: if there was concrete evidence to back any of this up, somebody would've leaked it by now. 
$C: 'Cyberattacks' 
$C: i don't think its possible of anyone to deny the existance of an event regardless of their political views 

not sure why you would ask that 
$C: I feel sorry for people like you. Just because you don't agree with someone you have to find ways to insult them. It's like being in School.
$C: You're the gullible one. 
 
You've fallen prey to fear-mongering and loony conspiracy theories.
 
When in 2018 the blue wave is reduced to a drizzle, and in 2020 trump gets re-elected, don't blame the Russians. Blame your own parties off-putting hysteria. 
$C: Lmao, the_donald regularly bans people and deletes any dissident comments on the sub reddit and you think this is echo chamber? Nah, some people are just ACTUAL patriots and won't stand for a government that colludes with foreign enemies.
$C: What exactly am I deflecting to? The "hacked elections" you keep referring to are nothing but exposing DNC, for whom Hillary was the candidate (the only candidate after they intentionally screwed Sanders, as the leaks revealed). Something tells me you didn't read what I wrote.
$C: It’s been established with reasonable certainty at this point that Trump did not collude with the Russians. Maybe members of his campaign did, more likely they just thought about it but never bothered.
The general claims though are that Trump and his team met with a variety of Russian agents hired by Putin to present the Trump campaign team with information on Hillary Clinton that had been gathered by the Russian intelligence networks.
It is further alleged that Russia organised an army of operatives to influence the election on social media via fake “troll” accounts.

However it is generally ignored that Clinton's entire email server had been made publically available to anyone, and there was no shortage of things that made her look bad in those emails, and the Trump campaign obviously could have read these emails like anyone else. (the emails are on wikileaks, easily accessible if you want to read them)
It has been further proven that the issue on social media was actually a British analytics firm that Facebook gave a creepy amount of information to, which they used to make a program that Facebook used to deploy psychometrically targeted ad campaigns on the unsuspecting American public during the election. These ad were quite literally individually targeted by a computer that knows someone's political viewpoint and personality, age, friends and life details.

In short Trump really didn’t need the Russians, he had way better stuff already. 

$C: i know that its just school elections, but still. Only US citizens should have the right to vote for things that will or will not cause changes in the US, esp when it comes to our childrens education. Im not saying that they lack the ability to be knowedgable about this stuff, im just saying, public governmental elections should only be participated in by Registered US citizens
$C: yes, i read the article. But if these parents are so concerned for their children, then why dont they take the pathway to a secure citizenship, rather than jumping the fence and risking losing their children?
$C: It's judicial watch.  Now go hit up your favorite fact check website to confirm your biases.
$C: Good one.  Go check the source.
$C: my grandfather died in 2012. In 2016, his name was on the voter list, I have no doubt that people cqan, and will abuse this
$C: oh sorry lol. Most people put a /s after their comment so people know its sarcastic
$C: 1 debate question.

And she controlled the funds only after she had all but secured the nomination.  Also Bernie was made the same offer and declined.

Do your research next time.
$C: https://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2017/11/02/clinton-brazile-hacks-2016-215774
$C: The DNC went out of their way to use their media connections to bolster Trump over the other GOP candidates and then, on the flipside, they made sure Bernie recieved far less coverage. There was also the debate questions fiasco. 

The DNC was actually sued for their bias against Bernie but they ultimately won because as a private entity, they had ever right to rig the primary. That was their defense.
$C: And that's why they lost.
$C: lol this is a serious post?
$C: Imagine defending the DNC.

Would you have the same stance for the RNC, truthfully?
$C: She got more votes because they rigged the primary. It's like you white washers don't even try hard...
$C: [deleted]
$C: Did you follow the primaries at all? Bernie got screwed. Don’t talk on subjects you’re ignorant about. 
$C: By that logic trump still got more votes regardless.... Hillary rigged the DNC primary. It's a fact. The Russians rigged the general. It's a fact.
$C: I do think Bernie was cheated.  I do think that the DNC played dirty and should have acted differently, mostly by having more debates.  I just don't understand why this isn't *exactly what you should expect from the primary system.*  I think this is like concluding my favorite restaurant is rigged against me because there is a long line.
$C: I'm confused.  

I'll say what I think:

 I don't think the DNC rigged their primary.   I think the primary process is stupid.   I think the DNC was stupid by going with HRC.
$C: There has been a lot of illegal stuff that the Orange man has done that hasn't been used against him. I didn't read the emails but I'd bet there is at least a few things that were illegal, just not illegal enough because of how powerful she is.    I don't disagree about your point, just the lengths you would take it to.  Also thanks, now I'm going to have to look up gay midget porn 
$C: Just read the wikileaks that came out around that time. It shows you literally everything. 
$C: If Russia hacked the emails as the news is saying, then yeah they did “see” us. 

And you can replace the word “friend” with enemy/stranger if you want, same difference. 
$C: Oh they saw, but they saw everything and exposed information as was convenient for manipulating a benefical outcome to get out of sanctions.
$C: >  but their coorporations are operating globally.

Who do you think owns the US? The US is run by the same kind of oligarchs. Multinational globalists. Look up the CFR. 

https://youtu.be/Kfpgl6NqF0I

This is why actual liberals had a hard time supporting Clinton. She's a crony puppet working for rich assholes who use their money and influence to pass laws that give them more money and influence.

She's not anti-war. She doesn't give a fuck about poor people or anyone else. That's typical of the corporate faux liberals that Americans have in power. True liberalism in the US got taken over like 25 years ago when big companies helped subvert counter-culture groups and turn it mainstream.

Since then, liberalism in the US has been 'controlled'. The media/academia helps keep people focused on specific topics like racism, cop abuse, lgbtq issues, hating religious people, weed, etc...

Those are distraction issues that keep Americans fighting over that stuff endlessly, but you never see mainstream liberalism that is anti-capitalist, anti-war, anti-materialism, anti-poverty, etc...

They've basically erased half the stuff liberals used to be against.

$C: Your ignorance is frustrating.

The Russians are being accused of helping wikileaks release the stolen DNC emails. The information in the emails pointed out that Hilary Clinton was breaking the fucking law by colluding with the DNC party heads to insure that she got the nomination.

Your 'intelligence agencies' claim that Russia is subverting your democracy, but you ignore that Clinton had already done that by conspiring against her opponents. All wikileaks did was release the information that your fucking journalists should have been reporting on.

$C: So what you’re saying is Obama is not a man of conviction? Was too weak to stand up to McConnell’s sorry ass? Obama came out and said it was laughable that anyone could meddle in our elections, while perfectly aware of Russia and other foreign actors meddling via the same intelligence briefings that candidates Trump and Clinton both received. 

Why is it suddenly an issue now? They had the opportunity to end it before Trump was elected. 

I know you’re all desperately hanging onto this Mueller investigation but have any of you even remotely considered the possibility that they may not find anything at all? How are you going to reconcile this? People need to reel in their blind hatred for Trump because at the end of the day if he’s innocent, how the hell are you going handle that? The left is teetering on a dangerous ledge here. 


$C: > You are a fan of far right populist bullshit.

No i'm not.

> Do you admit Russia did this or are you denying it.

I don't have enough information to give you an answer about that currently.

> The middle of Canada also drank the kool-aid. Mods at /r/canada are neonazis peddling russomurican propaganda and you know it.

Um, no.
$C: I did. There's no evidence there man, and their claim that Russia colluded to distribute the DNC emails is a fucking joke considering the information was leaked by someone within the DNC and sent to Julliane Assange of Wikileaks who was holed up in Russia because your crooked ass government doesn't like whistleblowers.

You know how your government spies on you and basically revoked your rights under the premise of national security?

Why doesn't the same fucking rules apply to your government officials.

If there's nothing to hide, there should be nothing to see right?

Unfortunately, that's not the case, and the DNC files were showing that Hillary Clinton and the DNC colluded against Sanders and other Democrats in competition. That's actually a real actual conspiracy if you don't understand that, but you guys are completely cool with having crooked politicians for some ghastly reason.

All of this crap is a deflection from the fact that the US is no longer a fair democracy.

The information in the files was the HRC campaign's own doing. She burnt her own house down just being decietful. If the Russians actually spread that information, they'd actually be doing the US public a favour but hey, you guys want to rush to war based on bullshit.
$C: The article provided no source for the title.
$C: Fuck you seem unintelligent lol. 
$C: "You didn't read the headline? Wow ok dismissed ur argument cause me smart man me read headline and me not think for myself anymore"
$C: Laughs in Finnish.  
 

$C: There are direct quotes from our intelligence officials. That is evidence. 
$C: Please for the love of all man kind, please tell me this comment is intended as sarcasm. 
$C: I upvoted because I assume this is sarcasm 
$C: Hey idiot: a 20 million dollar investigation is going to find some patsy. EVERY politician is surrounded by corrupt lobbyists. Everyone indicted so far has been indicted for political jaywalking, but keep screeching at the sky
$C: I love how you address absolutely nothing I said to just go on another one of your overdramatic rants
$C: How is it, exact, that you became such a hyper-partisan cunt? Is it from watching too much CNN? Is it a hobby of yours? Are you paid?
$C: No American has been indicted on ANY DAY. Manafort, who was only with the campaign for the convention (because the GOP was looking to steal the nomination), has the most serious crimes to date and that had NOTHING to do with Trump.

All the Russian intelligence agents had NOTHING to do with Trump
The Russian trolls had NOTHING to do with Trump
Rosenstein stated this and that their efforts did not sway the election, but that won't stop you from screeching at the sky.

You have absolutely no platform and nothing to run on other than "ORANGE MAN BAD" and that's why you're going to to get smoked at the polls again
$C: It does suck. But I can't help but feel like the US losing it's "#1" status might not be the worst thing in the world. Just my opinion. Hell England did and we loooooove them now.
$C: Because he's not very nice
$C: You're right, what noun should i use in its place?
$C: Absolutely we do, if we turn a shoulder to them we prove their entire argument.
$C: T_D talking point version 23c, is that today's MOTD?
$C: First of all fishing scams are still illegal. Second of all, why did Trump cover it up? Why did he continue to lie to the american people? Why does he STILL continue to lie to the american people? Then flip the next day, saying he misspoke on one word even though he doubled down that night? This whole changing the subject thing is getting mighty irritating. I get it. This is your talking point. You and all the other ~1 year old commenters. I don't know if it's a coincidence that your accounts are all 1 year old or if you're working for Russia or if it's just a big coordinated effort by a certain subreddit, but you have to understand that Vladimir Putin is a horrible horrible person. He murders his political opponents and those who try to report negatively on him. He poisons foreign civilians, he tortures his citizens, his administration is so unbelievably corrupt, doesn't given a shit about the environment, annexes foreign territories, etc. It's awful, and I hope you come to realize that taking the side of him over the side of a president's own country, and continuing to block sanctions and lie on their behalf, is nothing short of despicable.

Criticize the DNC's security all you want (never mind that the RNC also got hacked, and Russia just deliberately didn't release their info-probably keeping it as blackmail though that part is purely speculation), but you can't POSSIBLY think you're on the right side of this one.

Point to one time in history when the american who took the side of one of our greatest enemies over his own country came out as the hero.
$C: I think you misunderstood my comment. I was trying to say exactly that
$C: Well the FBI admitted that she broke the law on this specific investigation. Oddly enough, Comey said that although she technically broke the law, she did so without intent, and therefore will not face prosection. Strange for two reasons. One because intent doesn't matter for anyone else, you break the law, you get prosecuted. Second, because it's not actually his job to decide whether or not she will be prosecuted. His job is to investigate and turn evidence over to the DOJ, who make the decision on whether or not to prosecute. This has nothing to do with trump, in my opinion they are both dirty. However, claiming Hilary as some kind of saint is pretty ignorant. 
$C: 21st Century McCathyism is alive and well! Everyone I don't agree with is a Russian!! 
$C: Lmao you act like Trump supporters are even republican. Most of his followers hate both sides of aisle. No one gives a fuck if you call us Russians because I'm sitting in Texas right now laughing my ass off everyone is crying "Russians" exposed DNC corruption. Trumps President. Deal with it. I'll eat my shoe if anything happens at all through this whole thing. I'll bet he even gets re-elected lol 
$C: [deleted]
$C: It only works if the people you're calling that, actually are dumb and gullible...
$C: Little self depricating humor never hurt anyone.
$C: He actually did, and they did.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Have you seen John Oliver? No, you have not stopped trying to win over morons lmao
$C: Huh?
$C: I would file that under “more creative.”
$C: Jesus, what kind of world do they live in?  Seriously, if they honestly believed that and nobody was doing anything about it, why wouldn't they be doing something?
$C: I don’t want to dismiss the effectiveness of propaganda at all.

But for people who come on reddit and say things like, “it didn’t influence me!”...they’re probably right.  

It’s the ones that were only half paying attention, not super-engaged in politics, voting because they feel it’s their civic duty, and being strangely bombarded by anti-Hillary propaganda from Russia that you need to worry about.
$C: lol. Yes, poor little Fox news was and is the only bastion of unbiased reporting.
$C: Corrupt: "having or showing a willingness to act dishonestly in return for money or personal gain."

https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/trump-foundation-apparently-admits-to-violating-ban-on-self-dealing-new-filing-to-irs-shows/2016/11/22/893f6508-b0a9-11e6-8616-52b15787add0_story.html?noredirect=on&utm_term=.1ba1669cf790

Here's an admission

I assume you have the equivalent for Clinton? Something as conclusive as an admission of corruption

https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/trump-used-258000-from-his-charity-to-settle-legal-problems/2016/09/20/adc88f9c-7d11-11e6-ac8e-cf8e0dd91dc7_story.html?utm_term=.653557d5d1f4

Here's an example. There's also the stuff he's bought for himself in auction's with his charity's money.
$C: Because there isn’t any ;)
$C: [http://fortune.com/2017/11/06/fact-checking-trumps-claims-about-the-gop-middle-class-tax-cut/](http://fortune.com/2017/11/06/fact-checking-trumps-claims-about-the-gop-middle-class-tax-cut/)

[https://www.forbes.com/sites/johnwasik/2017/11/29/how-the-gop-tax-plan-scrooges-middle-class-retired-and-poor/#2757a6d66c1e](https://www.forbes.com/sites/johnwasik/2017/11/29/how-the-gop-tax-plan-scrooges-middle-class-retired-and-poor/#2757a6d66c1e)

There are countless articles that prove you wrong. The GOP panders to the middle class so incredibly hard, and time and time again they get screwed over by the GOP and ask for more.

As for your single-issue voting about second amendment, well it literally says: "A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed."

Nowhere does it say high capacity magazines or incredibly powerful and efficient assault rifles should be in the hand of any American who wants one. Nor does it say you should be able to buy one at a moment's notice. Also that amendment \*was\* written a long time ago, I'm sure the founding fathers didn't expect guns to become so powerful. In fact, it says all of this specifically about "a well-regulated militia," not "any US citizen," but that's another debate. The words of the 2nd amendment have been warped by the NRA over the last few decades and you have eaten that shit up too. That's not on accident, they did the same thing with abortion—they know they can control your vote with a single issue so they make such a big deal about it over the years and now they can get you to vote for them no matter how shitty they are or how many ties they have to Russia, you'll still give them your vote. That's not an accident.
$C: Donald Trump said we should seize guns without due process. Also do you have a source on how she "wants to essentially do away with the second amendment by banning assault weapons, and pretty much any weapon that doesn't have a long, fee heavy process to obtain a gun that would have been outdated in WWI." Are you just referring to an assault weapon ban again?

Also, out of curiosity, do you believe that the second ammendment allows anyone the right to bear any arm, or do you believe that there are any limitations? For example, should a toddler have access to a predator drone? That is an armament, and once you limit that, you've decided there are indeed limits. What about a toddler having access to a nuclear missile? Does the second ammendment say you have the right to bear "any arms immediately", or just that you have the right to bear arms, and then grant us the flexibility to decide what that means in practice? 

That's why I hate when people can ONLY point to the constitution as justification for wanting to own a specific gun, wanting it at breakneck speed, and not wanting their background checked (when there really are other good justifications. Some people truly believe the government is invading in the next 3 days.)  I love these types of conversations because I find them fascinating, even though tbh I'm not really anti-gun (much like the immigrants who will commit crimes once they get here will immigrate regardless of our immigration laws, so too will gunmen who plan to commit shootings always be able to acquire some gun), I just like the theory that people use to defend their beliefs.

https://taxfoundation.org/details-and-analysis-hillary-clinton-s-tax-proposals-october-2016/

This undermines your claim about Clinton's tax plan.
$C: "Obama's gonna take our guns! No wait I mean Hillary!" Jesus you guys are such fucking morons.
$C: >exposing the corruption of the DNC by being extremely corrupt 

Nice meme.  Fuck both parties, but fuck republicabs for their retarded beliefs that go with it.
$C: Why do all you people act like the DNC hack was the only thing they did? They attacked us in several ways, only one of which involved the DNC.
$C: Keep telling yourself that.
$C: Yeah, where's the crime?
$C: Why bother responding to someone who obviously is blind to truth and will not change their view regardless of the facts put out before them? Genuine question.
$C: Word.
$C: Meanwhile trump is jaw-droppingly corrupt https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2018/05/there-is-only-one-trump-scandal/560825/

Like more corrupt than anyone ever could have imagined. 
$C: 1 says Blog

2 says Editorial 

3 says Opinion. 

the very first line of each "article"

literally opinion pieces....how is that a credible source?
$C: Looks like we don’t need much time at all...


Those are all bullshit opinion pieces,blogs and barely address anything with facts. 

You’re sources are bad and you should feel bad.
$C: I’m relatively indifferent as to whether Clinton was corrupt or not, but you could not have chosen worse articles to prove your point. 

Huffpost, really? And a top ten article!? Damn, you’ve convinced me 100% /s
$C: You know you linked 3 editorials, right?
$C: Seems pretty clear she's not more corrupt than any other democrat and infinitely less corrupt than anyone in the Trump administration.
$C: Thanks? I was asking an honest question.

But just looking through your links, the first is a random blog post on HuffPo. 

The next one cites an investigation by the Daily Caller into funds raised for the Clinton Foundation, without any evidence that these funds went to the Clintons themselves. 

The third one is blocked for me, so I can't read it.
$C: Why did the FBI recommend not pressing charges against her then? Do you know more than the FBI? Or are you just copy and pasting links that fit your agenda? 


On the other hand Muellers's FBI investigation into Trump has over 100 charges against 20 people and 3 companies. 5 guilty verdict and 3/5 have of those were Trump advisors
$C: One: is a blog, not journalism


Two: has no source material. It links the Daily Caller, which cites itself. 


Three: Is just another opinion piece, and using a Russian mouthpiece as the source. 



Great material. Wanna bring up some Bulbapedia sources? Maybe give us a Runescape screen shot?
$C: If hillary isnt clean then trump is fucking filthy
$C: Stop fucking apologizing for trump! Hillary was a dirt bag fuck her. Glad we got that out of the way. Now let’s deal with the fact that the current sitting president is attacking our allies and empowering a foreign entity that is actively trying to dismantle the core fundamentals of our democracy. You’re no more American than the propaganda you push, go back to your hole troll.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Three opinion pieces. Hahaha!
$C: Lol Hillary wasn't currupt. You just invent stuff to be super upset about. 
$C: What did the article say about Clinton?
$C:  It's kind of hard to. Unlike you, I don't ignore history in order to keep believing in my ridiculous biases. What about John Q. Adams? What about Chris Christie? What about Nixon, who actively spied on his political opponents? What about every politician who took money to vote on net neutrality? What about the Midnight Judges? What about all the famous mayors who took money from organized crime? There are thousands of examples of corruption. You don't give a fuck about corruption, and it's sad to see you lie to yourself, because even saying this shit to your face won't make you realize that your behavior and beliefs are ridiculous.
$C: Mate, we are doing this discussion while Trump hiding the Russian attack's fact for almost two years now. You are saying he isn't covering it for Putin while he screaming "With hunt" on a daily bases, while he read the classified document which prove that this investigation is very much needed.  
  
And yet, here you are, doing statements about my opinions (I am basically as far from being authoritarian as physically possible), and protecting Trump while he just fist-bumped and praised Erdogan (a bloody authoritarian dictator working to send his own country back to the middle ages), protected Putin (a mass murdered authoritarian dictator on the quest to weaken the west as much as possible) and did a 180° on his OWN statement in 24 hours. These events happened less than a week ago.  
  
All this reality-bending just to evade the fact that you made a mistake and believed the lies.
$C: Just like Obama was gonna take your guns. Idiot.
$C: Holy shit if she'd managed to take your right to bear arms away that would be the single greatest thing a president had done in a hundred years. 
$C: no u
$C: You're upset they showed corruption in the DNC? 
$C: >... possibility...

>might be nearly unnoticeable

Great! A statement that has no evidence that it is true and might not be provable! The burden of proof is on you, otherwise, you are just taking out of your ass about what """might""" of happened. 
$C: A rational discussion indicates that both sides are rational.  Your side is clearly not.
Thank goodness trump won otherwise none of this Russian fantasy would have come to the light. 
$C: Thats not what that says at all. It says they didnt do anything because they didnt want to bring it up in congress.
$C: [Republicans like Susan Rice?](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-5483733/Stand-Obama-team-squelched-orders-hit-Russia.html)
$C: Like the Red Line? Or the Russian Reset? Or the response to a civilian aircraft being shot down? Or doing nothing except blaming Republicans for doing nothing about known efforts against our election process? Or asking an aide of Vlad to wait until after the election because he'll have more leeway then? 
$C: URANIUM ONE!!1 
$C: I love how so many people are acting like one conspiracy theory with exactly zero evidence is somehow ***INFINITELY MORE VALID AND ABSOLUTELY TRUE*** than another conspiracy theory with exactly zero evidence. It's amazing.
$C: I can't tell if I agree with you or not because I legit don't understand wtf you just said?
$C: Also the "stand down" was on the "full cyber war" option.
$C: So the 'soon-to-be' president had better, more accurate Intel than the current, sitting president?? I read my own link, sounds like Obama blamed republicans for his lack of action. While President.
$C: Definition of a moved goalpost..... Nobody argued it was credible, just a destination.
$C: [Better?](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-5483733/Stand-Obama-team-squelched-orders-hit-Russia.html)

Of course not! It's all those damn Rooskies in the repubican party!! They're the ones that squashed it!!!!
$C: deny what?   admission of guilt for what?  I do not see how an incident in 1939 is relevant to the op.   
$C: ok.  and he closed an embassy, kicked out diplomats, armed the ukraine, increased defense budget, told germany to stop buying russian energy and killed 200 russian mercs in syria.   He has said russia meddled in the election on tv.   what exactly do folks with their undies in a bunch want him to do?    go to a hot war? should he have started an argument in helsinki on camera?   How would that help anything?    I would venture that the same people would say that if he got into an arguement and insulted Putin that it proves he is a buffoon and can not handle diplomacy.

Rosenstein said last week there is no evidence that the outcome of the election would have been changed.    

What they have succeeded at beyond their wildest dream is to sow discord in the citizenry.    
$C: Links to reliable sources, please?
$C: Lay off the conspiracy theories dude. 90% of the shit you just said it’s made up
$C: I like how you made up a majority of the shit you just spewed out. Back tio t_d now Vladimir.
$C: Did you miss yesterday’s news? Just cause you don’t like something, it’s not instantly fake
$C: I don't agree calling him a Nazi, but a traitor? I'm fine with that. He went on live television and said he trusts Putin more than everyone of his own intelligence agencies as well as the Senate. And his proof that Putin didn't do it was, "Putin said he didn't do it." Really dude?
$C: The president doesn't get to do whatever they want. There are rules in places for every major position in government. There are rules of etiquette between world leaders and people in general. Lying in ways that can't be called anything but that is not okay. Shirking your duties is not okay. Stepping in the way of major investigations where there is a conflict of interest is not okay. The rest of this is an aside about how insane it is to think that a guy has to present his birth certificate to news outlets on a witch hunt to prove he's a middle eastern infiltrator or something(This isn't some weird racial man hunt thing about how he's actually Russian, in the way that was about Obama being a secret Muslim/immigrant. I'd love to hear how a dude went their whole life without having to use their birth certificate in any paperwork or as a form of ID or anything.  Do you think he didn't have to prove he met the criteria to be president? Or that he didn't have to present any of that info when he applied for college or any job he's ever had? The guy refused to bend for the news networks demands because every inch you give is a bit of legitimacy you're giving their crap.
$C: US candidates don't fight as dirty as the Russians do. If they did they'd be excoriated. Imagine if Trump's campaign hacked the DNC. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: No dude, everyone is out to get you. The news media is out I get you to help them restart the Cold War, to delegitimize a duly elected president, and ultimately to shrink your brain into a subservient vegetable. It’s working. 
$C: Oh yes, somebody disagrees with you, therefore they’re Russian 
$C: He literally said nothing racist at all. I’m not even a trump supporter but people like you who blast off into vitriolic attacks need to chill the fuck out.
$C: Take a lap lol
$C: Mommy I'm scared of mr putin he's so bad he's destroying this country help me Mrs Hillary. Lol soy boi
$C: I would like to fight you in person. I don’t really care about any of this political stuff other than to troll but I would like to fight you in person. Where do you live?
$C: I'm not a Democrat 
$C: *too
$C: Why not admit Obama was wrong immediately instead of acting like he was strong against Russia? He certainly wasn't
$C: Here, there's even a video!

https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/2016-election/president-obama-donald-trump-about-rigged-elections-stop-whining-n668276
$C: I can’t even begin to fathom trump being black. 
$C: Me.
$C: He literally did today and yesterday.
$C: I have no idea what that is supposed to mean lol, it literally states what I stated in the article...
$C: Hey guys, this dude thinks Russians are the only ones able to push Propaganda on other countries.

Hey dude, news flash. The CIA has been doing that shit since Kennedy. Throw in actual Overthrowing of governments while your at it. 

Rules for thee not for me. 
$C: What, specifically, was he supposed to do?
$C: He won't. He gets all his information from the talking heads on Faux News
$C: Isn't it being investigated for like 2 years now?

You say investigate corrupt now but what about corrupt then? We just forget about it? Obama and that entire administration was in charge while this was happening, but we're blaming Trump. It's still happening now? Show me a source that isn't anonymous. 
$C: You don't even have a grasp on basic english, how do you expect anyone to believe the bullshit you're pushing?
$C: Uhm... I think you might to take a look at the wiring in your brain, because they seem to be a little too... Attached.

The fact that Obama didn't say anything, if he knew of it and believed it to be true, is not proof that Obama colluded with Trump and Russia, it's proof that this is another lie by the NYT, and those who seek to divide you.

If you don't draw that immediate conclusion you are not open to any actual truth in this matter.
$C: Directly from the article. 

Instead, Obama officials chose another course of action after becoming frustrated that Republican leaders on Capitol Hill would not endorse a bipartisan statement condemning Russian interference and fearful that any unilateral action by them would feed then candidate Donald Trump’s claims that the election was rigged. They chose a private “stern” warning by Obama to Russian President Vladimir Putin at a summit in China in early September 2016 to stop his country’s campaign to disrupt the U.S. election.

He tried to do something about it, but received no support and knew how it would look considering trump had already started spouting that the elections were rigged. 


$C: Don’t forget their favorite source for the last year, “someone familiar with his thinking.”
$C: I don't get why the intelligence agency would investigate them for collusion when they already knew it was not. That's contradictory. 
$C: *in your opinion 
$C: I have an Liberals have lost all the time
$C: God the left are just fucking insane
$C: He was paying their bills and now we are paying for their fuck up.
$C: Well, over the last 2 years there have been no shortage of articles attacking Trump, so I was just assuming that there'd be more of those types of articles in the future.

Not all of it is true. Sure, a lot of it is but I'm fairly certain not all of it is true.
$C: He's the President. He's busy making the country awesome and also having to fight with the FBI about all this conspiracy nonsense that Democrats keep throwing at him. And by doing so, he's proving it was Hillary and not him. He's a busy man though, and Hillary is gonna keel over any minute anyways, so why waste time and energy on that when there's a country to fix? But actually, he is working on it. Draining the swamp and all that good stuff. So I don't know what exactly he's not already doing that you want him to do. Pretty sure you would find a reason to hate him regardless.
$C: Junk before trunk
$C: What could possibly gained by trying to reason with someone who still supports trump after all of this? Like trying to teach a dog algebra.
$C: it should be kind of obvious to people by now that the cancerous deep state within the US and its firmly burrowed roots inside institutions can only be fought against with third party help. and if you dont understand by now you soon will.
you can't fight a tumor alone from the inside. you need a surgeon to cut it out.
i dont care if it's Brazil, France, China, Japan, Germany, Norway, Russia or Madagascar ... or simply citizens of whatever country who helps us remove the deep state from our once free country. 

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=5jzQkITDCJk

$C: That's disgusting.
$C: ’Patriot’
$C: I don’t know anyone who wouldn’t make the same decision.
$C: [deleted]
$C: This is all true.
$C: Obama could have come out and said the Russians were actively attacking the vote through propaganda without bringing up any candidate involved. But, his 3 letter agencies already put out a hit job on Trump shown in the evidence of everything that has been released. They created FISA warrants for Trump associates based on 3 dossiers that we know publicly one has been so disproven it isn’t even funny. All of that was behind the scenes and obama secretly knew that.

If it were even true about McConnell he most likely stopped a false claim from spreading that Trump was in bed with the Russians because there was no evidence and that fact is a hit job where the scales would have been pushed down. 

it’s a point to make that after 2 years there is no evidence that points to an American Citizen on the Trumps campaign promising the Russian influence within the US government for exchange of Hillary’s emails. There is no evidence of money exchanged. And the rumor that Putin has dirt on Trump.. wouldn’t it be smarter to push that pressure after he is elected? Not a full year before where Trump could completely bow out of the race. It’s insane to think that Putin called Trump in 2015. Told him he has dirt on him. That Putin pushed trump to run. Push debates. Do you think Putin called trump and commanded him to yell America first policies? Then, Putin won Trump the republican primary. Told Trump to Hold hundreds of rally’s that had in attendance thousands of people. To ultimately win the presidency so then Trump could turn around and kill hundred of Russians in Syria. Push for Germany to stop doing oil deals with Russia. To push NATO to provide more money for defense, where NATO was created due to the Soviet Union. Where Trump kicked Russians out of the country. Where Trump pushed sanctions against Russia. To push Trump to create tax cuts so that individuals will take more money home and to bring back companies that fled the country. How is anything Trump doing approved by Putin


All of you are nuts. 
$C: I know! I was telling people to read the link! There's like 5 at least on here showing he did. I was being a smartass to the comment the link was replying to. 

Edit: looks like the comment is gone. 
$C: I detest Donald Trump. Apparently in my excitement, I gave the impression that I liked him or am I missing something? Is this a Trump fan page?
$C: I know, but I'm so over it being Obama's fault. I'll take the childish downvotes I suppose. 
$C: https://www.politico.com/story/2018/01/23/mitch-mcconnell-russia-obama-joe-biden-359531
$C: Politicians lying to the public to uphold their public image? Inconceivable! 
$C: If Americans are stupid enough to believe that crap then they deserve it. Let me know when they attempt to rig the voting machines because otherwise its just stupid people being stupid, not "election interference". 
$C: Yeah, can you actually show me any examples of any of these fake profile, fake news articles, and other fake stuff. When I try to search for this stuff, nothing comes up. I'd like to see all these things that people are falling for that are so convincing. 
$C: lol. lefties are crazy conspiracists now? 
$C: Obama never separated families like this.  The only kids they locked up were kids traveling without parents.  Is it a good thing?  No.  But I honestly wouldn't expect you to be able to understand the difference.
$C: Quite the dodge. Even if it happened under Obama, it definitely happened under Trump too, right? Where’s your outrage for that? 
$C: They always get confused because the way Trump acts like a dick tator.
$C: The sentiment on this subject seems to be if Obama did anything about it, he would appear in favor of the Democrats in the upcoming election. Seeing as this election has destroyed democracy in the eyes of some people(not me) that would be a small price to pay to keep this from happening, right? Plus its not like he was up for re-election and needed to keep people happy.
$C: I’ll reserve judgement for when something official comes out, soon enough.
$C: Who knows what will happen in the next 6 months to 2 years. It's either Trump get's impeached or Trump does so many undeniable good things geopoliticaly that the left cant really complain he is an insane mad man every day.  
$C: So he lied to everyone, instead?
$C: They tried their best. Silicon valley, msm, wall street, Hollywood all vocally supported Clinton. Then they thought they had it in the bag, like most everyone else thought. 
$C: Don’t expect a reply lmao
$C: He never said he’s seen no evidence of Russia meddling in the election. And he calls the probe a witch hunt because he thinks he’s innocent and is frustrated that no one will clear him.   
   
People banking on Mueller to find something against Trump are going to be disappointed. What he said in Helsinki was disappointing, but nothing “treasonous” like people are suggesting. Trump says a lot of dumb shit so I only really care about the actions he takes, which has been pretty standard conservatism for the most part minus increased deficit.
$C: That’s an interesting way of thinking about it. This type of style seems ok to me, but I think it would be way more effective if you came at it without any biases. Trump is not taking a backseat on issues and letting them play out. He has his opinions that he will support even though it may be blatantly wrong or misinformed. I guess I don’t really have an issue with him not spewing out facts. You are right, he doesn’t need to be an encyclopedia. He should at least consult one though. I have an issue when he creates policies without being completely informed about it.

This style allows people to create two sides to an issue when they really shouldn’t. Things like gun control have two distinct sides that both have their valid points. But he’s painted it as two sides only: guns or no guns. He also talks about immigration as a two sided thing; the liberals want open boarders! We want strict borders! There should be some discussion about finding a balance between the two, but he’s framed it as if we only have two options. I don’t agree with that.

This style you introduced could work, if the arguments being presented were all given legitimacy and taken seriously. Anything proposed by a Democrat or liberal is immediately disregarded by him and his voter base with no thought put into it. That’s not how these discussions should work. And that goes vice verca, republican talking points should not be disregarded on sight either, and should be considered too. That’s how the fuckin founders of our country did it, so we should too.
$C: If you want specifics, the solar tax he’s done has really hurt the solar industry, which is terrible. He backed out of the Paris agreement which I felt was completely unnecessary. His policies towards coal are good hearted, but keeping antiquated jobs around isn’t good for society, we must adapt to the times. Coal is terrible for the environment and will not be around forever, so we need to figure out how to not rely on it so much. The steel tariffs hurt any kind of construction business. Honestly a lot of these kill jobs, which is confusing as he wanted to create jobs? He’s doing a terrible job at doing that. Do I talk about the immigration policies that separated kids from their parents? The policies that stopped legal visa owners from coming to see their families? I do not like his stance on immigration. Open boarders is not something I want, but people should feel welcome in the US, no matter their ethnicity or race. He’s created lines and divided the people. I do not like that.

I’m not even going to start with the dumbass things he’s said about our foreign allies on Twitter. You don’t need to be smart to at least know that most of his comments on Twitter are baseless and biased as hell. That’s not something I want a president to be like. Besides Russia, the rest of the world despises trump. I want the president to make friends, not lose them.
$C: I'm not blinding myself to it, and how are other presidents not relevant when it comes to lying? It's all of a sudden bad now because this particular one is lying? They've all lied and there has rarely been this much of an uproar. You think he's the only one lying? Do you think no one else has lied? Trump doesn't have ultimate power, regardless of whether he thinks he does or not. So the presence of his lies is just another cog in the machine.
$C: You know what, you're right. I apologize, it wasn't the Mueller report. Just a separate report that said no American was involved.

https://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-trump-russia-house/russia-ran-u-s-election-interference-no-trump-collusion-panel-republicans-idUSKBN1HY1X4

https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2018/04/intelligence-committee-probe-finds-trump-russia-collusion-180427155912593.html

https://www.cnn.com/2018/07/13/politics/russia-investigation-indictments/index.html

I don't blindly support either party or candidate, and I don't doubt for a second that Trump hasn't done many shady things, but if you think he's the only one that has you need to take a second and look around at all available information.
$C: Voting
$C: [deleted]
$C: I dunno, I wouldn't be surprised if they just didn't like trump and were conspiring against him. They wouldn't be the first.

The only dots I can't connect is how Russia could influence the election to the point where it wasn't democratic unless they directly tampered with the results, which it doesn't seem like they did. Not to mention Trump wasn't aware of "meddling" until he was already elected.

Anyways, time to stop using r/worldnews. Once upon a time I got useful information from it, but now every top post is "hey guys, we're one step closer to proving trump is a russian sleeper agent." **click**  *nothing except in the form of 20 paragraphs of drivel* followed by endless comments by Europeans saying how much the US sucks as their own countries are about to implode. It's jjust a propaganda machine at this point, and I want news.

At least it's nice to see there are many people who agree with my on this thread, or are at least rational.
$C: Dont bring your girl around real men, cuz they'll fuck her in front of you.
$C: U dont know me, get off your high horse before someone knocks you off.
$C: He's an absolute asshat.

But the proof that we have of election fraud doesn't have anything to do with him at the moment.
$C: Fair enough.
$C: Oh but it is. I believe classified information about our country that may involve military, security, economical and you know the other thing is virtually more important than someone rigging to get to the top. It's not debatable. And she was the secretary of state, she has plenty of people under her to tell her how the internet works. She like trump have plenty of underlings who can give them that information about a function. 
$C: So I'm  a bigot and now I hate white people. Hahaha. You still mad hillary lost? Get over it bro. Maybe next time.
$C: >Nearly a dozen people!!!!!

None of whom are named, what their positions were, what they were doing at the meeting....all ambiguous. So, with that, I have been talking with over 1000 people that were at the World Trade Center during 9/11 and they all said Barack Obama was flying one of the planes, but jumped out early, because he was too afraid of dying.
$C: American Intelligence agency also confirmed Saddam had weapons of mass destruction.
Like American Intelligence agencies are the beholders of TRUTH and FACTS.
$C: I'm sorry, I really don't follow your logic. There are far lefties as well as far righties. Being center left is not being left wing, not by a long shot. I'm center left and I will say that I'm not a leftist. Talk to any centrist and they will tell you the same, being center left is still center. Also, are you trying to imply that the furthest left you can go is liberal?

If anything you have that last sentence backwards bud. The moderate left momentum in the DNC died with Clinton. There are only socialists and Cultural Marxists left in the Democratic party now.

Edit - I'm tired of arguing with people on the internet, so don't respond and let's part ways.
$C: There are a deluge of these comments. I'm accurate. You're scrambling. 
$C: Yeah but fuck those particular Russians. 
$C: Thanks for the advice, turns out also lie to the people and promised the election couldn't be tampered with while the Russians were meddling. Definitely collusion.

Fortunately Trump warned us all of election tampering already, so the smart ones of us knew there could be attacks.
$C: Trump and bipartisan support arent in the vocab of the RESISTERS. The investigation is a sham and an attempt to impact the midterm elections. Once those end, the investigation will stop one way or another. 
$C: That statement in and of itself is a lie. 
$C: Yes. That would be great. I report it on every post I see it on. It is spam. 
$C: The only reason they are coming out with this excuse, because that's all it is, is because they lost the election. And still doesn't explain why they didn't take any action against Russia despite knowing about the "meddling" (Facebook ads), who says they needed to come out with a press conference for that?
$C: Ok, but what's the evidence?
$C: 1: Your career shouldn’t matter if the country would be better served knowing the truth (Edward Snowden’s decision)

2: Occam’s Razor is not a good guide for decision making (World War II has many great examples)
$C: They dumped information that was true against Hillary... So they altered and election by exposing the truth... K

Now the ad campaigns, I don't agree with. But this is the same shit that any rich person does to influence the DNC or GOP. Our own political parties do it to manipulate their own people into false ideas... I DON'T AGREE with it, but why is Russia so much more bad than our own country that does it, too?

Again, money funneling and such is done my political parties irregardless. If anything, the DNC has far more corrupt money than the GOP. I don't like Republicans or Democrats (btw). 

Installing people in the Trump campaign, yeah that's fucked up, I guess??? 

The tactics they used aren't really the problem. Our own political system does the same thing in our own country and in foreign nations. The question we need to start asking and which we seem to be getting answers for is why did they want the Trump administration in office? Maybe because if Clinton was in office we might be in World War 3? Maybe they want to make Trump a puppet? Maybe they just want to make peace and saw Trump as the only option. There are ethics and then there are interests. The Russians appear to be doing what is in their best interest and crossed a line of ethics/morals. But just because they did that, doesn't mean that they are trying to take over our country. People act like they are going to take over our government over night. But I do think it is a good thing that people are alert and seem to care, but I think they lack the understanding of how government and the world really works.

I know a fair bit about government and economics and such. Which is why I've kind of blugged my ears why all of this has gone on. But after seeing it a few times I thought I'd figure out what happened and make my own opinion of the matter. I don't blindly take opinions of what media tells me to believe. 

Edit: sorry for any grammatical errors or such, I'm pretty tired RN.
$C: I've read the articles and titles and all they say is "Russian influence" but they barely go into any substantial detail other than redharring.
$C: I'm not saying it wouldn't be bad for the U.S. I'm just wanting a thorough explanation. Also, for all you know this is just some political manipulation from within our own country. Not in terms of Republicans alone, but much deeper. Just don't trust our government at all. Or any government for that matter.
$C: Yeah, in this age of technology, freaking one person says something, and it spreads, fast, and if what they say is wrong, well now all those other people are wrong. They are in rolled in the school, so whatever decision are made they should be able to vote for, but....... They are here illegally, why are they able to go to our school, if they are here illegally.
$C: I tell you wants dumb

Is allowing a President who supposedly is corrupt and put in place by a so called enemy

And allowing him to stay there that long

Or what's dumb is believing Facebook posts to make you vote for him

Or somehow expecting other countries to give a fuck you were screwed by the Russians after the US has done it to so many countries before.

That's dumb I can assure you
$C: Funny how it's so obvious he's guilty yet it's been nearly 2 years and they still haven't found anything. But that's America I guess, guilty until proven innocent.
$C: [deleted]
$C: [deleted]
$C: [deleted]
$C: But that's the thing with us commies.. As Uncle Sam told you, we operate in the dark like assassins to bring down your sacred beacon of democracy and progress. /s
$C: I don't think I brought that up. 
$C: [Gallup poll shows that less than 0.5% of Americans believe that the Russia situation is the most important problem in the U.S right now](https://news.gallup.com/poll/1675/most-important-problem.aspx)
$C: Everything is biased. News is always swayed. I come to trust only what I see with my own eyes.
$C: No, most have already made their decision.

No, his actions are completely in line with being an idiot narcissist and a pathological liar. Your comment contradicts itself. It's pretty obvious to me that you have made your decision before the evidence.
$C: Hacking of the DNC. Now  I am curious as to what you consider hacking in terms of data collection. I thought Facebook and Cambridge Analytica pretty much did it all for them.
$C: "Hoobidabwah is not human" - department of intelligence

...

see my point 
$C: I block Nazis 
$C: “Condescension “
$C: “Condescension”
$C: Ah so you get it now
$C: Then please elaborate how changing what person is allowed to vote is hacking instead of rigging. 
$C: That's proaganda. The DNC has support from Google and the epicenter of tech is California. That's who really has the Voice online. Meanwhile Trump trolls have what, /r/TheDonald?

What they have is a sitting POTUS, that's why you think they were innundating the Internet. Actually the Democrats have the Internet and troll vote. That's why the North Korea thing wasn't even featured on YouTube and former POTUS Obama's speech in South Africa was featured as a default video link, with a happy little liberal sprite and everything.

But of course you think Trump has the troll vote because you troll Trump supporters every time you see them with the rest of the Internet, because the Democrats have the internet and colleges.

That's why it's all porn and pride.

I know that because I'm just a casual viewer and when I go to comment on my observations, I'm downvoted to hell if I talk normally and interchangably about these subjects, always from Progrssives. Always. Full stop. You pretty much have to hate Trump online, and frankly I suspect some troll farming on the part of major firms.
$C: Impressing people with promises is not a sign of a great leader. A great leader creates an effective strategy for victory and executes it. 
$C: And I'm saying China is doing it 10x more but you never see it in the news. It's Russia, Russia, Russia.
$C: Man, seriously, I'm being trolled by an immature 16 year old? 
$C: Here's you a link to r/conspiracy. They should like your stories there. 
$C: No you're special. 
$C: * Salty tears from u/Corsaer *
$C: Just a quick question but why did you go all rabid anti-liberal just because I asked about the current Russia scandal?
$C: you as well peace
$C: I didn’t miss anything fortunately. I see that one side is allowed to do anything and the other is castrated for it lol. So until everyone is held accountable you’ll have people supporting the person who pushes the envelope. Simply put. 
$C: I believe she would do worse is what I’m saying
$C: beep-bop-boop. dorkus_maximus confirmed.

//end run 
$C: And you're american? Shows how uneducated and gullible you are
$C: >border protection is a joke

>Your citizens keep dying by nerve agents from foreign countries

>But lolcatz is your first priority 

Fucking oof lol

$C: Im on mobile so i cant link to YouTube but google "obama trump stop whining". Its a 2:34 video and says exactly what i stated.
$C: That could be a nice set of dominos there.
$C: That explains why I never saw any of it then. Thanks for the clarification.
$C: Actually that’s now an open question after it was revealed this crazy week that the leading electronic voting machine manufacturer left remote back doors into their machines, meaning they were probably hacked. Furthermore several statisticians have looked at voting patterns from the regions that put Trump over the top and have detected serious abnormalities that wouldn’t exist without tampering. 
$C: Yeah I guess that's part of why I assumed that lol.
$C: Disingenuous, not necessarily stupid.
$C: Because I made an assumption based on a headline without reading something first? Even though literally everyone I see on here is constantly arguing about Russian involvement in the election in some form on any political post? Pardon me for jumping to a conclusion that it was the same thing as everything else I've been reading the past few months and then owning up to that mistake. Go fuck yourself.
$C: I agree with you that Obama was put in a tough decision. He choose what he thought was best which turned out not a good way to go. And that's understandable. My main issue with the article that started all of this is that it seems to blame Trump for the interference. I understand the point you made that they wanted a joint decision to blame Russia. However I do believe that they had enough information that they could of made public, that would one, show that Russia tried to interfere, and two, as we have learned from what has been released that trump has had nothing to do with it. All the blame could of been put on Russia, and I believe that the American people on both parties would have seen that. From there Obama could of been able to take action against Putin.
$C: > Trump consciously worked with a foreign power to get elected

Has not been proven, would be immediately impeachable if proven.

> he is deliberately choosing to work with Russia for his own personal gain or he is at the mercy of Russia because they have something on him. HINT: it is both of these things.

If you have impeachable evidence please send it to Chuck Schumer or Robert Mueller, they clearly haven't found the evidence you have. 

Otherwise that's a conspiracy theory and is right up there with pizzagate and faking the moon landing.

> Either way the executive branch (and perhaps the other ones) of our government is not currently working with America's best interest in mind. 

Opinion. "Best interests" is not a list of things that's immutable for all of Americas citizens.
$C: Have you heard of the concept of perjury? 

My personal opinion is that perjury should apply to public servants, which can include departments as a whole. We see many a time people in a position of immense power just get way with saying anything (lies) and expect them to be taken seriously and truthful!

After an well orchestrated attack took place in Iraq, killing MILLIONS, with admission later on that all the intelligence was bullshit, why cannot it be a repeat of the same thing! 

Just food for thought, I can be wrong!
$C: Yes, like this article full of unverified sources and no factual evidence.

I’m sorry but you’re the one experiencing the cognitive dissonance friend. My world view is consistent with reality.

Trump won and Hillary lost and rather than show a little hubris your cognitive dissonance prevents you from accepting this reality and therefore it MUST be the result of hacking etc... funny because Hillary said it would be dangerous to not accept the results of the election.... before she lost, now look at her.

Also, well done ignoring the comments on the shady shit conducted by the CIA/FBI/Obama admin at the bottom of my post.
$C: We are legion; we are everywhere, we are everyone. We can make one fist, one voice if everybody just went outside and took the effort. The government should be scared for its people and should be held accountable for what it is doing. 

Why are we accepting a tyrannical president and its interest which deviate from the interest of the ”people”.

Change, progress, resilience and first effort is required to make a difference. There is a global disconnect between our governments and us, but every movement and every change started with just one individual lighting up more bright and spreading like a fire.

My initial point was that this Russia stuff is just fluff, to keep you busy. They will draw it out till eternity, and we will wait and wait till what? Change happens? Do think Mr Orange is on his own? The people around him are just as guilty, but they will stay in the shadows, and the next president/madam president will be misguided by them as well. Cheetos is not the first neither the last, but in a democracy, power is inherited by its people. You have the mandate to make a change.

Again the media is playing all of us, meanwhile stuff is happening behind the screens and you only find out once it is too late.
$C: I meant the guy you were replying to.
This extension spots the TD trolls whenever they stray too far from home.

https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/reddit-pro-tools/bngghjoiddeibhdpmljndljejnoihkej
$C: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Special_Counsel_investigation_(2017–present)

The only investigation into Russian election tampering in the 2016 election started in 2017, after the election. If you have evidence to support there being an investigation into it under Obama, I'd love to see it.
$C: Lol, I could find the C-Span original that testimony is from if you'd like. Unless you think this is an animation, created to deceive you. If that is the case, you are beyond help
$C: I'm not? 
$C: Idk if you are a really good bait or just retarded
$C: if / when any real evidence comes up he wouldn't be President. All I was saying is their influence really wasn't that great if he still lost the popular vote and he'd still be president anyway since he won the electoral. 
$C: Good for you, I'm sure you're a more well adjusted person for it.
$C: so you are telling me to stop asking questions. Riiiiggghhhhhtttt
$C: It turns out people are incredibly stupid and easy to manipulate.  So, yeah.  Republicans won on racism and emails.

It would be impressive if I didn't have to live in the dystopian (in the making) results.
$C: Meeting with Russians = collusion, LUL try again sweetie! 
$C: Beep boop bots ahoy 
$C: [deleted]
$C: its not America. Its a portion of the populace who are particularly susceptible to outside influence. The gullible.
$C: No, I'm arguing that you aren't holding any other president accountable, just trump. Bill Clinton, bush, Obama, where was the lynch mob for those liars and crooks?
$C: Whatever man, you carry on believing that Russia is at fault for Hilary losing. It's hilarious. 
$C: Do you can take anything he says as fact regardless if there is actual evidence or not? 
$C: hahah don't assume my gender.. or you will go to a alt-left jail 
$C: You sound like a white supremacist. Shut the fuck up.
$C: Ah, the obama economy coattails argument! Classic!!! I didn’t know they still made these. I thought obama claimed he’d need a magic wand to get the numbers up… 
$C: [deleted]
$C: [deleted]
$C: Smerfs don’t like facts. 
$C: Sure bud, Russian bots with your 20k upvotes and 50 comments each post. Gtfo 
$C: You can't think of 1 thing?  
$C: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v3d-re0dtKA
Look at that nervous tick right there.

Also did you read the article? Do you know what the NIE is and that it's not the same as the NIMA, an agency? Here is what the agency to which James Clapper reported actually released in 2002, using his data in part.

https://nsarchive2.gwu.edu//NSAEBB/NSAEBB129/nie_first%20release.pdf
$C: [deleted]
$C: interesting
$C: I don’t believe a foreign country should select the president of the USA... But they did.

Just consider the implications of that: A single nation has _demonstrated_ their ability to alter the course of America’s future.

And instead of trying to understand the historical implications and rhetoric of why Trump would try to befriend Russia following such an attack, Redditors flock to posts, much like this one, designed specifically to make Trump look like a traitor, when in reality, he’s just playing the long game.

Tl;dr - Keep your friends close. Keep Russia closer.
$C: Our own intelligence agencies can hardly be trusted.

On the flipside, how many times do you think America has interferred with other countries' elections? Shit, we've gone to war over it, even! Talk about irony!
$C: The only reason we got Trump was because of Obama 
$C: Because if this was an intelligence report prior to Trump's Presidency it means Obama was President, knew about it, and did nothing. So if you say 'he was complicit in *not reporting*' a person wholly knowledgeable about the timeline can't even infer who that 'he' is.
$C: Kind of hard to do that since 1.5 years into the investigation and no one has find anything yet. Kinda goes against that probable cause and everything doesn't it?
$C: Please, be my guest and show me one instance in American cinema where Russians weren't protrayed in a negative light. 
$C: Please educate yourself

https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/donna-brazile-leaves-cnn/
$C: What would you like trump to do?

Go to war with Russia?
$C: Not when you consider how the FBI bent over backwards to make sure she wasn't charged. If the police came to your house do you think they would allow you to choose what was considered evidence and what wasn't? Do you think they would give you time to clean up before they came in? The woman destroyed evidence, lied to the FBI, send highly classified emails back and forth to unapproved computers and persons and Comey let her go. That shouldn't come as a surprise since we all know now that he wrote the letter of exoneration before he even questioned her. The FBI is corrupt the CIA for God sake had a former communist as its leader chosen by Obama.
$C: Hillary was accessing the DNC server through her totally unprotected home server. And intelligence Services have been caught time and time again lying  to the public to Congress and showing their incredible bias in favor of Hillary, well let's just say I'm going to find them the most trustworthy source available.
$C: But whats the charge?  He's not perjuring himself is he?  (legitimately asking)
  
I assume anyone with clearance is allowed to lie about classified information, no? I really don't know what the end goal here is other than to try and sway opinion for the mid term elections.    
  
If congress decided to work together for the first time since (idk, 1996?) I would absolutely be behind them, but right now we have half the group saying one thing and the other half saying the other.  Just like with Obama, Bush and Clinton.  The people we elect cant even agree on a set of facts.... Because its all opinion.   
  
So in November, a select few of us will have a chance to vote and make a difference.  I just can't imagine the stability of the country would hold up well if he's impeached.  Markets would crash, Corporations would tighten their salaries and benefits to protect themselves and we're going to have another 8 year news cycle of opinion on who to blame and we're never going to get a straight answer because its all opinion..  
$C: Exactly they report to the executive. They should be giving the executive the reports. End of story. Or to Congress. 

This idea that they have their own releases or even a position in the national spotlight is anti-democratic. And they dont report to the executive. In theory they do. In reality they seem to be unbridled.
$C: I have. It reminded me of how we lowered the bar each time a Democrat took office. 
$C: https://www.investors.com/politics/editorials/memo-fbi-used-tainted-steele-dossier-paid-for-by-hillary-clinton-as-reason-to-spy-on-trump/

You sure? 
$C: Because the paper trail showing who paid for the dossier leads back to the DNC. Comey even said on live TV that the dossier couldn’t be verified yet was used to open up an investigation with the use of FISA warrants. You can’t use unverified info to wire tap someone. Plus if Trump was wiretapped which he was that’s also been proven. Don’t you think they would have overheard something and probably would have used it by now to impeach/indict trump? 
$C: Comey himself said it couldn’t be verified on live TV. Paper trail for the payment of the dossier leads back to the DNC. That is all proven. 
$C: Yes they did persist. They persisted and persisted for 8 long years until 2016 when Obama finally left office and the mountain of lies can finally start to be chipped away. 
$C: Lmao yet you provide no evidence otherwise just spew bullshit. You ACTUALLY think the Dems have your well being in mind I’m sorry man but FUCK YOURE dumb. 
$C: I very excited. I cannot wait for this to end. It’s exhausting seeing how many people believe this shit. When and if solid evidence shows up showing collusion then I’ll accept it but as far as I’m concerned nothing to me shows trump is guilty. Nothing like the strozk page texts or anything quite that substantial has popped up yet. 
$C: I just read the first two articles. The first one uses the fact Trump didn’t out sanctions on Russia in Jan 17. Two months later. And a year and a half ago. He did. That’s why article one is already pointless. Right away it’s outdated and the circumstances are obviously much different. 

The second one didn’t seem to really talk about much other than trump pushing his briefing back. Which if he suspects his intelligence agencies of being bias I could see why he would want to do such a thing. And in light of recent events (IG report and Strozk page texts) I would say he had grounds to do so! The leader of the collusion investigation was openly saying he would “stop trump.” That’s pure bias.

So again this is why I said these articles are over 18 months old and irrelevant now. 
$C: Obama also said that the election couldn't be hacked or interfered with. Stop lying.
$C: Americans think they are from the land of free. You just can't see how your government has screwed you over. Look at your education and health systems, total shambles. And now on top of that, the NSA records everything you do.....
$C: Nope. You got it all wrong. Read the username. If you want a real conversation (which most liberals don't), I'd be happy to tell you where I stand on any issue you ask about.
$C: https://us-east-1.tchyn.io/snopes-production/uploads/2017/03/new-york-times-wiretap.jpg 
$C: It was him and meuller acting on info from our intelligence agencies 
$C: People have unconsciously written off the whole system by not realizing what's actually going on and chasing shadows. It's not their fault though, it's just never been pointed out to them. It's not about giving up on the whole system, it's about realizing the whole system is fraudulent.
$C: No that's just the regular donald maneuver. The donald-a-roo means she took him shopping for furniture then moved on him like a bitch
$C: Actually more savage
$C: Well, Trump just stated that Putin is über awesome: Putin farts rainbows and shits apricot jam (hence the orange face). If you find solid crap, obviously, it was not Putin. 

In addition, Putin told to the Potus that it was not his crap. Putin also says that he never lies... 😏

Circular crap. 
$C: lmao i don't think him disliking a movie automatically equals misogyny 😅 it's okay, he's allowed not to like it!! a lot of people didn't! ahahah
$C: Holy Shit. This is the prime example of what is wrong with America. People are so easily offended, and so quick to make assumptions, even when those assumptions are figments of imagination created by the mind of the offended. GTFOH. 

You do understand that it is possible to dislike movie because the movie was bad, and not because the cast was primarily female, right? Are you saying that all men must like every film starring an all-or-mostly female cast for the sole purpose of equality? Fuck off.

Let me explain something to you. Get a cup of tea, put on your favorite music, and calm down so you can consider what I'm saying without your biases and rage clouding your thinking. 

The overwhelming majority of men in this country, including the overwhelming majority of white, Republican, conservative men, harbor no ill will towards women. At all. We do not hate women, nor do we think they are inferior to us as human beings. We believe they all should be given equal rights, and equal pay for equal qualifications, and every other equality that is possible. 

Stop with your oversensitive assumptions, and I promise that you will lead a happier life. 
$C: This is a pretty standard post-trial motion in criminal and civil cases. It’s not usually granted, but it’s not so rare that it’s worth reading about. In criminal cases, they’re called motions for judgment of acquittal if you want to look into it more.
$C: The other guy who replied seems to have a better handle on it than me.  I just learned about it because a couple of the true crime podcasts I listen to brought up judgements of acquittal when talking about The Staircase documentary because the judge made some comments that could be interpreted as him saying he now believed there was reasonable doubt and they were wondering if he would have given one if there was a retrial. 
$C: No I base my views on facts. Facts don’t need convincing. 
$C: I absolutely do not take him for his word, either.  In fact, if forced to choose, I would err on the side that someone in Russia did the hacks.  What I want is proof that it was state sponsored, and not just some bored troll farm.
$C: You might be in a bubble. My views are common to around half  the population.   Take a ideological exploration and ask people near you.  
$C: Republicans, and libertarians would support free ID.  
$C: Thing is people were gullible naive ignorant assholes before the net.  The net just let's stupid propagate much quicker and evenly.


$C: Laws and regulation can be changed, people's gullibility?  I'm not so sure.
$C: >I ~~think~~ hope people of the future 

fixed that for you. 

also completely agree.
$C: I think it's starting to change slowly. I get emails from my dad asking if things are real. He doesn't seem to have the skillset to differentiate or second guess himself which is really strange since he's very educated, but I think that the internet is just moving at a different speed than his generation.
$C: People of the present. I’m in high school and nobody my age is falling for this shit
$C: Don't forget believing whatever uniforms or POTUS tells them because it's "official business-trust us-follow me" and if you hesitate you're an uninteresting, irrelevant traitor no better than the "enemy"
$C: > I think people of the future are going to be more experienced and shrewd than to fall for that.

And they'll fall for the next new technology after that. 

I remember being so happy when I read, around 4 years ago, that that Gen Z seem to be completely unaffected by television advertisements. Looking back now, it's pretty obvious that we're just "used" to television advertisements so we don't fall for them, but we fall for targeted internet-based advertising instead. The end result is not even slightly different, and I bet the generation that falls for TV ads never fell for newspaper ads either. 
$C: But then how will those Nigerian Princes transfer their inheritance?
$C: Facebook needs heavily regulating or it should be blocked.
$C: I doubt it.
$C: Look at how many people will believe literally anything just because its printed on a piece of paper, shown on TV or said on the radio, this isn't a new, nor unique to the Internet, problem.
$C: Everyone should be tempered through 4chan... you realize a lot of the internet is complete bs pretty quickly there.
$C: And Reddit. Most people will happily read the title of a post and believe it without even clicking on it. You will often see massively upvoted posts that are objectively false but no one even bothers to open it or even look at the comment's. It's hard to scrutinise and easy to just accept. Even easier to not think at all.
$C: SO MANY people believe that there are totally organic 136K upvote posts on reddit. There are still a sizable amount of people on here who think that the front page is completely organic because it lines up with their world view. Sad really.
$C: Are there really that many people who are naive, or do you just believe these reports of them?
$C: At least i’m not gullible enough to believe that rubbish about Facebook being full of fake news ........
$C: Don't forget about the original purveyor/critic of "fake news". If you hear it often enough, complacency sets in and people say "oh well, that's just how it is," or "that's just how it goes". Then comes the trouble of nobody doing anything about the new status quo, and everything goes for a 

shit as it is doing now. Nipping it in the bud comes to mind, but it's too late now and "damage control" will have to be the words of the days ahead.  Calling "BS" or "fake news" left right and center will not fix things, only influence gullible individuals to believe in something that is the complete opposite of the good guy way.  Bottom line is, " 2 No Trump" cannot be the only bridge bid in town, it has to be a country-wide effort. To be complacent is to let the garbage fester and it already stinks enough, so be warned. You know what to bid now;  you saw his hand, go for it.
$C: Exactly, like so many people on the Orthodox Left currently believe that it's okay to ~~excommunicate~~ *fire* people for the sin of posting ~~heresy~~ *peer reviewed science* when the science goes against their ideological narrative.

This is why [they fired google engineer James Damore, because he had the audacity to bring peer reviewed scientific journals into a discussion](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Google%27s_Ideological_Echo_Chamber) where the left was only willing to accept social dogma which supported their devout faith based beliefs. Once they learned that the science doesn't support their ideological narrative, they reacted by trying to ~~burn~~ censor the science.

Why do companies like google try to appease the political Orthodox leftist by putting their ideological faith in front of science? Is censorship of science just as much "misinformation" and "bullshit", even science concerning evolution and the cognitive differences between the genders and races?
$C: Or naive enough to to believe a NYT article that is full of un sourced  pseudo facts. This entire article is utter tabloid and it hurts my heart to know that so many Americans are so sure it’s all true. 

How many of you actually watched and listened to the entire event with out in?
$C: I hope the memes will change, people misplace their trust in memes and are what really helped spread the lies.

Floofers will still be around though <3

Remember kids, don't trust a meme: Only updoot when you know it's true for yourself, otherwise leave it alone.
$C: >People can pretty much agree across the board that car crashes are bad.

>People will not so easily agree what is real and what is not biased news and information.

But that's not the analogy. People generally agree that false information is bad, just not what it is. In the same way, you have even today disagreement among laypeople about what actually makes a car (or the operation of it) safe.

People insist that they're fine driving a car while using their smartphone. People insist they don't need to wear a seat belt. People insist that their car from four decades ago has nothing wrong with it because no one's died in it yet. People who insist that they can handle driving at much higher than legal speed safely, it's just everyone else who's a bad driver.
$C: You're free to say that I just completely disagree. Trumps Supreme Court picks alone will ruin us for decades even if and when America wakes up 
$C: I agree with your premise, but any long term benefits to our political culture are going to have to be weighed against not only the physical harm to individuals his policies have caused, but also against the consequences of his very presence in office are causing in America and the world.

And the worst part is that, unless the Republicans and establishment Democrats grow a spine and put a stop to Trump soon, the age of Trump will last quite a while. 
$C: Thank you.
$C: > Anyone but the craziest of crazy would agree that crashing cars is bad, not everyone is going to agree about what disinformation actually is. 

Think of the number of people who drive dangerously and blame everyone else on the road.
$C: Perfectly said. I totally understand what he's trying to say using this analogy but the problem is that safety features didn't fundamental change the nature of cars. Regulations that somehow curb misinformation on the internet would also basically change what the internet is. I'll take the risk of misinforming people who don't care to fact check any day to a internet were some government "internet safety agency" or ISA has a say on what can and can't be on the internet.
$C: You're looking at the solution to misinformation, being the same as the dangers of cars.

There arent going to be some agreed upon guidelines/rules that every website has to implement.

Everyone can spot clickbait, covert ads, nigerian prince scams, etc right? Eventually, everyone will be able to spot misinformation. Not the same concept as cars.
$C: I think everyone would agree that disinformation is bad, but will disagree on how to implement a solution (or whether we should try). 

Just like how everyone agrees crashes are bad but there was disagreement on how we could solve it or whether the government should really have a role in regulating it. 

Having said that, I do still agree the situations are incomparable because solutions to car safety, once implemented, can be objectively measured for success. Solutions to disinfo cannot. 
$C: I think you're trying to milk the comparison for more than it's worth. I totally understand where you're coming from, as it's like comparing apples to bread, but I think the point was that brand new, groundbreaking technologies get mishandled and it takes some time to regulate and safeguard the users of that technology. I think that's a pretty agreeable point, even when considering that the car analogy required a physical engineering solution whereas misinformation requires an epistemological solution. 
$C: Well put.  While I'll agree that misinformation is bad and if possible should be mitigated, I worry what that looks like.  I don't want censorship of the internet.  Putting the government in charge of what is allowed on the internet sounds like a scary idea.
$C: >Anyone but the craziest of crazy would agree that crashing cars is bad, not everyone is going to agree about what disinformation actually is.

But everyone can agree that disinformation is bad. The only difference between the analogy of the above poster is the the complexity involved. Otherwise it holds just fine. 

> Anyone can see when a car has not been damaged

Unless they're blind. Then it becomes more difficult. You can still do it of course and the same holds for disinformation. Everybody knows how to spot a contradiction of facts, they just need to be made aware (yes it is difficult but that is a practical issue).

>who can see when journalism has been rigorously and concretely examined for faults?

Ideally everyone should have that ability. We'd need much better transparency than there is currently for this to be realistic of course. How? No idea, but that's what we're supposed to figure out from now on, which is the point of the analogy.

>Who decides when too much bias news is coming from one source that is supposed to be 'neutral'?

Ideally it should it should be the judicial system according to some requirement codified into law. Obviously the specifics will be complex.

>Even definitions of fair vary from person to person.

If a car accident involves multiple people, determining damages and responsibility is also similarly a difficult task since they are likely to disagree. Nevertheless we now have a system for this too which is utilized daily. It wasn't always there but has been made through trial and error and lots of research.

>Youre making an analogy comparing relatively ''straightforward'' engineering physics, and philosophy and saying they can be fixed in the same way.

Describing the interplay between society, engineering, economics, law and philosophy etc. as "straightforward" seems like a stretch. We still have been unable to eliminate car accidents or even deaths to them. If it was truly so straightforward then it shouldn't still be a problem.

Anyway the point is simply that there isn't really anything wrong with the analogy. Obviously the same solutions won't apply since it's a different problem. But what we need to do solve it is very similar: trial and error and research. We shouldn't be expecting an ideal solution to crop up (but it should always be the goal), only to make things better than they are.
$C: You could
$C: OP's conclusion wasn't perfect but you have to think more analogously. We put seatbelts and crumple zones *on the car*, we didn't make all the highways out of foam and rubber.

You don't try to sanitize the world, you give each and every person their own "seatbelt" against misinformation. Whether that's reforms in education or tools to help spot fake news or (likely) something new we haven't thought of yet, each and every person becomes empowered against the world's bullshit. It won't be perfect (just like many reckless, beltless drivers today), but it will be enough to stamp out the problem for a majority of folks.
$C: I was amazed, reading the Butina affidavit, that such a large amount of her instruction from Russia and communications with US persons, was by Twitter DM.  Stuff that PATRIOT act was supposed to completely capture, store, and screen.  Maybe that’s why they have the data to look at after the fact, but it’s not really keeping America secure unless there’s prevention.

I mean, all the Cold War stories of spies with dead drops and coded chalk marks, and now they just send a DM on twitter.  Not even an encrypted WhatsApp or Telegram.  Just twitter.
$C: Obama couldn't unilaterally prevent this without it appearing like a partisan attempt to subvert the democratic process. You already had Trump ranting about "the deep state," the only way Obama could have strongly reacted was with the full support of the federal government, [which he was refused.](https://www.npr.org/2018/07/15/629281975/fact-check-did-the-obama-administration-respond-to-election-interference-by-russ)

> The Obama administration had a great deal of internal debate in real time in 2016 about how to respond - whether they should do so publicly or privately. Ultimately, President Obama did so privately with the Russian president Vladimir Putin. He took him aside at an international summit and said, please stop interfering in our election - to no effect.
>
> And the Obama administration also tried to ask leaders in Congress of both parties to sign a statement condemning these foreign efforts. The Democratic leaders agreed to do so. The Republican speaker, Paul Ryan, apparently thought that he could get there, but the majority leader in the Senate, Mitch McConnell, did not agree to do that. And so, ultimately, there was no public statement until October of 2016, by which time, with the view of history, it may have been too late to do anything about it.

The blame lies square on the willful capitulation of the Republicans to Russian interests; you see it even now with Trump's comments in Helsinki. 
$C: Yes. Companies are constantly juggling between information, misinformation, privacy, free speech, and security in every aspect from private data to national security. They can't move in any direction heavily without ending up violating one of the other tenements people hold dear. If it were up to them they'd do nothing bc all they want is profits anyways. Not be moral gatekeepers. But alas, they can't and we can see the pressure building.

[The EU just fined Google $5.1B.](https://www.nytimes.com/2018/07/18/technology/google-eu-android-fine.html)

[Facebook agreed to remove misinformation that can lead to violence.](https://www.nytimes.com/2018/07/18/technology/facebook-to-remove-misinformation-that-leads-to-violence.html)

It starts off with these large platforms addressing things like pedophiles. Then accepting that that potential mass shooters need to be flagged, then stopping people using the platform to conspire a felony like murder or rape. There's been constant pressure on doing something about online bullying. It all slowly seeps in, just like the safety features on cars. One moral catastrophe at a time. As time goes on and generations past people will be more and more lax on the privacy issue and new generation who grew up with the internet will accept data is simply public information. Hopefully this will come with safe guards to anonymize data. i.e. It's good to know how many citizens are on welfare, but we don't need to know that the Schwartz family from down the street is collecting government assistance.
$C: True- but I’ve learned a lot from reading how these people studied Google, FB and Twitter to game their algorithms and push items to stay floating at the top of searches for days.  Also learning to micro target people.  Apparently many of us missed how bombarded others were w propaganda because they knew better than to try it on us. I had some friends that were lefty and prone to conspiracy theories and the stuff I saw on their timelines was crazy.  
$C: Revisionist history.
$C: The thing is that no other country has as much breadth (semiconductors, semiconductor manufacturing equipment, hardware, internet/consumer software, enterprise software) and depth in computer science/electrical engineering/information technology as the United States. As I noted above, everything about hardware/software is American and that right there are millions of potential backdoors. Furthermore, the US has the most human capital to draw from for cybersecurity/hacking/etc with all the Silicon Valley companies.

The 2nd place for tech, China is far far behind with China only having a notable internet/consumer software (Tencent, Baidu, Alibaba, JD, iQiyi, Ctrip, Weibo, Sina, Renren, Qihoo 360), and hardware industry (Lenovo, Xiaomi, BBK) without semiconductors, semiconductor manufacturing equipment, or enterprise software industries.

Anyone working in cybersecurity for the USG who says the US is losing needs to resign due to incompetence. 


$C: It is the only way.... 
$C: Who’s gonna be the idiot Starlord, though?
$C: The things is if you clear out the corruption in congress the courts won't matter as much. Judiciary is there to interpret the law, not create it.
$C: but what are electrolytes?!
$C: They’re focusing more on how to find an answer rather than memorizing data. Critical thinking is a major theme along with coding and stuff like that. 
$C: From what I've heard, Finland is absolutely on fire when it comes to education (in a good way), more so than other European countries.
$C: I can say for a fact that going to school in Mississippi I was taught how to pass the state test instead of actually learning curriculum. They’ve started going over old state tests with kids just so they can pass and the school district doesn’t lose money or teachers get in trouble. 


$C: The fact that most of the University tests are multiple choice is a disgrace.
$C: This is true everywhere. School is just a resource. The lack of emphasis on personal accountability and responsibility is pathetic. This world is becoming a giant victim-complexed circlejerk. If you're in a developed country and rely solely on public schools to teach you how to think and act you're the problem. Like you said, it's 99% about personal motivation. I just get tired of the media, Reddit included, taking the easy road and playing the blame game.
$C: I don't understand who needs school in modern age? Just learn to read, and then everything you need to know is in Wikipedia.
$C: I have learned a lot of amazing things on Reddit. I know more about my local community and things like indoor gardening from Reddit. I found out about a loan program in my city for energy efficient home improvements because of Reddit. It's how you use it. 
$C: Why is it still so cool to pretend Reddit is the worst site on the planet? There is plenty of great discussion on some boards, but everyone acts like the 1-2% of troll comments are the majority.
$C: I agree with everything you wrote except the last sentence. Properly educated sociopaths are probably more dangerous than uneducated ones.
$C: Had a similar education. Jesuits not Christians though.

None of it prepared me for people in their 30s and 40s, that I've known for decades, people with jobs and families *actually believing in shit like Hillary Clinton eating aborted fetuses provided for her by Planned Parenthood.*

$C: That's anecdotal though. [Clinton over-indexed among Millenials, it was people 45+ that voted for Trump.](http://college.usatoday.com/2016/11/09/how-we-voted-by-age-education-race-and-sexual-orientation/) 
$C: Maybe the Generation Z folks you know. The world is becoming more and more liberal as time passes. With every generation we move further and further away from racism and sexism. 
Compare what was socially acceptable in the 1980s compared to now. Some for good, some for bad, but overall the world becomes more socially progressive as time goes on.
$C: I will say my original statement went too far.  There must have been a baseline for a high-school education in the US in the 1950s, but I cannot find any change in relation to current high-school standards the US.

On the subjective side of what I said, I have had a number of personal conversations that touched on what people weren't taught in high-school, because they were just going to end up working in a factory/on the family farm/didn't care and didn't want to waste their time learning.  Again though, I have no statistics or evidence to back up that assertion, and all I can find for statistics is high-school enrollment and graduation rates, which is specifically not what I want.
$C: That was why I took issue with the comparison to Nazi Germany. The US needs to address the issues that trump exploited. There are deep seated issues that need to be resolved in the American psyche. Trying to ignore them just means they'll end up in this situation again in about  5 + years
$C: Every time I see him I think of a wrinkly old turtle. 
$C: Yeah and that is just playing politics. This should be about justice, not letting someone get away with collusion and/or obstruction just to avoid dealing with a shitty vice President. This stuff is important for precedents for the future and not just repeating this shitshow every couple years with potentially much worse consquences. If Trump wasn't a senile moron than this could have been much worse.  And like you said, Pence is more than likely tied up in this anyways at this point as well.
$C: The thing that should be relevant to think about here is the same election that decided Trump became president also decided Pence became Vice President. His ticket was party to election tampering as well. 
$C: Please let's not go there and start using impeachment as an political tool instead of emergency brake. If this becomes the norm, the tool is completely lost - other party would try starting the impeachment process even before they set in office, ultimately leading to blind opposition/support, in what should be a legal matter, even more so than today.

Trump is a criminal, but Im doubtful that Pense is too. We should only impeach criminals.
$C: Friendly reminder that pence wants to 'cure' homosexuals through "undefined means" (shock therapy)
$C: Pence is an ultra-right wing Christian nationalist who views his class as persecuted. That has never been a good thing. Never. And I don't see a good explanation or anyone even asking yet WTF was that "yay Trump" post-Helsinki tweet. His boss gets Pukakke'd and he says "Go America!". Dangerous idiots the lot of them. 
$C: That's a bad theory. The entire reason this President was able to do so much damage is because the congress is shirking their duty to be the counterbalance to the power of the executive. In a hypothetical scenario where the president is impeached, you'd be left with a Mike Pence and a Democratic-controlled Congress. No matter how evil Mike Pence may be, he can't do much when there's an actually functioning congress.
$C: Beat it on down the line to Peach Fest! 
$C: No one can be as bad as Trump because he refuses to read intelligence briefings and spends half his morning in executive time, i.e. tweeting. Pence may be an asshole, but at least he's competent and stable.
$C: As someone who left Indiana two years ago, I agree. 
$C: Mike Pence is many things, but "corrupt" is not one of them.
$C: No. Vice President Pence would become President until a new one is elected in 2020.
$C: Oh I think was legit elected with the system you have. 
$C: Is Chuck Schumer giving up his Senate seat to run for the lower House of Representatives this fall? Can you people at least read a fucking book before you try to comment on politics. Jesus.
$C: Not all of them are. Disinformation is an extremely powerful tool because it preys on your emotions, and we are emotional creatures. They are perpetually upset because they aren’t getting the facts, just emotions that make sense. That’s why it’s extremely difficult to debate with a die-hard. Their view isn’t based off of fact, it’s based off of emotion. It’s what drives their hate

>Fuck them. 

I mean, if they’re got enough definitely worth ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ 

P. S. What’s the reason for the downvote? I’m pretty sure my comment does not detract from the conversation or put down anyone in any way, shape, or form. 
$C: #C I V I L
$C: The world can barely handle all the salt from the last election, that would kill everything in the oceans.
$C: ...no, it's not.  They're all pretty terrible, but I could probably live through xenophobia (even looking like I'm Latino), and sexism, and since I know treason only happens in time of war that doesn't even count.  On the other hand, Socialism, especially when paired with any kind of identity politics, is just a recipe for disaster.  Though recipe is probably not the right word since we'd be starving to death a few years into it.  Yeah, definitely going to have to take xenophobia and sexism over socialism and (and what is essentially) sexism.  Sorry, fam, I like to eat.
$C: [removed]
$C: Eh not really.

No one wants to vote for the party that wants to abolish ICE and let MS13 members in except people who benefit from their ridiculous ideas.


I'm sure you'll register more illegals and dead people, just like May did here.
$C: The coolest part is that comment threads make sense because they're organized better. So you don't scroll down 50 comments and then see a comment that was in response to a parent comment at the top of the page. 
$C: Shit I just gotta make 49 accounts I guess. A vow is a vow.
$C: The cold war never ended, this is an active engagement from Russia 
$C: 99% of what reddit does doesnt need a reason. 
$C: Don't take this as a fact though, I read it in a reply to the EA comment I think
$C: Marching forces someone to resign or be forced to resign. You can see that in other countries. They dont start a month long impeachment, they just resign or are thrown out.
$C: I don't know why either lol
$C: The Goof inspires goofy behaviour. 
$C: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Herd_mentality
$C: The guy below said "If he gets 400 gold I'll eat a dick", so r/leagueoflegends decided to gift 400 gold to that guy, so he ate a dick and uploaded it to youtube, the video above.
$C: >Just waiting for a better alternative.

So you recognize Reddit is the best on what it does.
  
You're welcome bud.
$C: thanks fam, I wasn't even trying, unlike you
$C: Just looking at Trump makes me feel sick! 🤢
$C: So, you know they had those missions where you just need to get a certain no. of people in the park? When I made it like three quarters of the way there, I would make a huge advertising push and put a "no entry" by the park exit to try and end it quickly because usually by that stage I was getting bored or it had taken a long time already. If you didn't quite get the required numbers in, though, eventually the numbers would start to go down anyway. What's the deal? Do sufficiently angry or tired guests ignore "no entry" signs?
$C: Down the hall and to the left
$C: That’s because they put up a no entry sign to trap the guests and win the scenario 
$C: >  I guess you could call this a "Comedy". I realize there's really nothing here for me. But what else CAN I do but keep going? Maybe I should've been a little more careful before I jumped in... Gotta find the exit... Gotta find that exit, to Paradise! But I can't see it... I can't see anything! There's this sense of doom running down my spine like it's... Like it's trying to suck the life out of me! I need to get rid of it, before I bail... Something deeper, something deeper than my instincts is taunting me! Can't find the exit... Can't find the exit... Can't find the exit... Can't find the exit... Can't find the exit... 
$C: I want to go home 

The music is nice here 
$C: My comment is mostly bad advice. I don’t know if you can do it in all versions but when I was a kid playing the original 3 games I would block people from leaving if the park had a guest number goal I think. They would get really upset and start complaining that they want to leave and can’t find the exit. And yes you could pick up guests and throw them into the lake and kill them but in reality that tanks your park rating faster than anything else. 

Again I don’t know if any of this is possible in the more recent versions they’ve released. 
$C: > Corporate America sucks.

its like they take employee engagement and happiness as a challenge.


"Everyone appears to be productive and happy, things are great!"


CA - "Yes but can they be productive and miserable?  I'd prefer that.  It costs me 50$ less per quarter and I'll personally get a raise for saving all that money"
$C: I hate shitty bean counters with a passion. An engineer is an engineer, I can just hire a cheaper one, right? Spoiler alert, there is something called institutional knowledge. Stuff that is only known by trial and error, and the old hands know quite a lot that isn't written down anywhere. All the while giving themselves raises or taking large bonuses as they sink the ship, as it takes awhile for the sheer ineptitude to show through. 
$C: The company I work for is making great strides on  that downward spiral. I'm more or less starting to get out now. A lot of the problems can be traced back squarely to the promotion of one of our upper managers to an executive level that game him ultimate sway over our office.
$C: That's rough. I'm not saying that employers need to be altruistic, but it'd be nice if you could trust that they won't kill your dog and use it to bludgeon you once you let your guard down.
$C: "These guys consistently make us a butt-ton of money. Let's fire them!"
$C: Nope, but it's fun to know I'm not alone :)
$C: Some people are quite proud of their lack of empathy and ability to make "hard decisions"
$C: It's really showing when you debate execution in the US.

"As a prisoner they're just a burden on society ! Why not kill them to save money ?"

"Because, they're humans, and we don't slaughter humans to get money ?"

"I mean they killed someone, it's only normal to kill them in return !"

"Irony is dead"
$C: Good old [cobra effect](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cobra_effect) - when making new rules, what you end up incentivising may often be very different from the intended effect.
$C: To win a race you only need to perform better than the second placed competitor, no matter what is your total time. If you can make everyone else run slower, that is one way to victory.
$C: Thats probably because they knew nobody would replace you if they fired you
$C: Lol maybe that's why they went out of business. Managers not minding if employees show up on time is poor business practice.
$C: Well, you just don't cancel a planned man-date. Hope it's a good one!
$C: Yes it was.
$C: > get off your high horse

LOL!
$C: You know what else was very profitable in their time? Egypt, Greeks, Southern Plantations. You'd be surprised if how much you can raise profit margins when you don't care about the people who work for you. It's almost like profitability is correlated to how closely you see employees as slaves.
$C: Because poor SEA workers working for bottle caps are even more easily replaceable than American workers demanding (sometimes not even) the bare minimum in compensation.

American corporations/owners might be/see the world's most profitable/profit but likely mostly to the detriment of the greater good.
$C: Where do you get the idea that American companies are the "most" profitable?  
$C: You don't seem to understand the context people are talking about. You can't compare completely different companies and industries with each other and just say "Well this corporation has the biggest value so they must have the best system!" You are ignoring a tonne of variables.
$C: So, shitting on your workforce to line your pockets is "The American way" and that is something to be proud of?
$C: Because of all the first developped market (europe/US/Canada so) it's by far the biggest population so much more product to sell so more place for the growth and the new big market are still kind of new (China/india) so they still need more times to catch up. 
$C: No they are not. There is a long list of countries who's companies are far more profitable then American. Think The Netherlands, Norway, Finland, Sweden, Denmark , New Zealand and the list goes on.
$C: In US even the good kind of regulation is seen as a bad thing because some countries (like mine) go overboard in some cases. There is a good halfway point where the regulations protect the employees but don't make them unnecessarily difficult to fire when they are proven to have fucked up one too many times.
$C: By US logic, "regulations" are in direct conflict with "capitalism".  Any time the state steps in and tells a business how it should be run, then you're that much closer to state-run businesses.

And US anti-communist histrionics are still a major issue.  Just look at how they talk about health insurance, it's really disturbing.  Any time someone talks about universal health insurance, you'll hear a whole bunch of people pipe up with "why should I be paying for someone else's health insurance?"

I have a friend who is one of those "the invisible hand of the market is the only regulation we need" types.  He honestly, 100% absolutely believes that if employers were actually abusing employees, then the employees would all just quit and the employer would be forced to change their policies.  The concept of having no viable alternatives doesn't enter his thoughts.
$C: Exactly. This is what I try to convince both my conservative and liberal friends of. Capitalism gets a bad rap, especially on the Internet, but it's given us more economic growth and prosperity than any other system in history. But at the same time, well-thought-out regulation isn't a bad thing; we need it for everyone's sake! 
$C: See that wouldn't work here in the US, if we did that our bosses bosses bosses boss way up the lader might make less than "more money than one human could ever need."

Just kidding, we hate poor people and let prosperity gospel become our national creed
$C: My country has laws in place but they are only enforced if the employee reports the company for an unlawful dismissal and then it'll go to court and the judge will decide. This is South Africa. 
$C: You can be ethical and own a business in a Capitalistic society. You'll usually be sacrificing money, but not always. Businesses that are entirely using reusable/ recyclable products work.
$C: No they're fucking not. They're a bunch of people. And money isn't speech. Since when did "you don't have money, therefore you have no voice" strike anybody as right?
$C: Just wait til they get the vote
$C: Lol thatd be nice. I moved from a state which protected employees to an at will state :/ cheap cost of living but i almost feel like i could get fired if  i dont act cheerful all the time
$C: Where the corporations are largest, so is their capacity to spread propaganda.
$C: I’m 30 years old and I’m pretty sure we’ve lived the same life.

I’ve done fast food, grocery, serving, bartending, landscaping, factory work, delivery, telemarketing, mechanic, and active duty Air Force.
$C: That gave me the worst flashbacks to working as a naive teenager.
$C: Fuck. No.
$C: In fact stay late. Also, lunches are only optional. If I didn't leave for lunch, I wouldn't get one. 
$C: This is why in many areas that don’t have a reasonably frequent  bus schedule, places won’t even hire you since that is not “reliable transportation”. 

The city I live in now has buses that run every hour, but that is it. Good luck not taking 3 hours to get to work if you need to transfer at some point. (Oh and transfers only are valid at the bus terminal, at the beginning/end of each 1hr loop. )

$C: [deleted]
$C: i was a fast food manager in TN for about 15 years.  i had to fire people on a pretty regular basis, you can't really fire them for no reason, unless you want to pay unemployment.  usually, there has to be a record of disciplinary measures.  now, that doesn't mean that it happens like that everywhere, but, many large chain franchises will give you some warning, usually.
$C: These type of laws only benefit the employers.
$C: Hey if a company wants to pay me 42 bucks an hour I will happily say goodbye to my tips. 
$C: That happened at a job I had. They “eliminated a position” then created a new position title with basically the exact same job description, but paid about 40% lower. Then everyone got to decide between interviewing for the new position or taking a severance!
$C: And in many stares you cannot record your employer (or anyone else) without prior consent. So there’s that. 
$C: Happens literally all the time. Both are shitty. . 
$C: I'm sure there's an entire spectrum when it comes to individuals, but I agree as a whole America  definitely leans towards an undesirable side. I find it fascinating the things they have to deal with on a day to day basis that's just considered "normal". You get the feeling that many are on the edge, one wrong move and it's a catastrophe. Everyone seems to be "out to get you" so you kinda have to keep your head down and do the necessary. Don't know how to explain it but that's the picture I get from Reddit atleast
$C: I've had teachers that make me enjoy going to class. My high school choir was amazing. Some days would be stressful but my teacher was an overall cool guy and enhanced my love for singing
$C: Google tells me Michigan is in America. Do a lot of American schools start then? I'm from The U.K. and my Secondary school (age 11 to 18) started at 8:40 each day.

7:35 just seems too early to expect children to be up and in school, is all I thought.
$C: Then he could have paid for any title, oh wait, if you're rich you don't even need education
$C: I almost spit my coffee out at that! Ha! 
$C: I'm German. Quoting like that is how we do it. My phone does it automatically. But now I'm on PC and the quotes look like "this".

For me both ways look normal because I went to an American school for four years in the 90s :P 
$C: "Lick boots and be comfy instead of having any pride or power of your own, and one day you might be the one who can be dicks to others and refuse to change things."
$C: I mean job interviews is just something you absolutely shouldn't be late for, school is just school. I can see a teacher refusing constant tardiness / uninterested students, but because you dropped your pencil? Give me a break.
$C: That's an entirely different setting...
$C: Someone who’s not clever enough to differentiate between class and a job interview should probably not stand up to any authority and trot along with the herd. 
$C: Standing up to unfair treatment makes people salty? Well then enjoy your unseasoned life, watching a great country go to shit. 

Future history lessons will discuss how it was possible that Americans didn’t do anything about this. 
$C: Dude don’t be a tool
$C: /s
$C: 5th grade English teacher wrote "GARBAGE" on one of my short answer essays for a test.
$C: There was no reasoning, just sharing. 
$C: They hate liberals more than Russia.  This propaganda must be squashed
$C: Shit, just look how cheaply they sold themselves to the ISPs.
$C: Get money out of politics
www.wolf-pac.com
$C: Republicans are 1 of 2 things: they are either - foolishly deluded, or pathetic cowards, afraid of losing what they gained at the expense of others.
$C: They are not patriots in any sense of the word if they support trump.
$C: It's well past overdue to assert a now-plain fact: Democrats are the party of patriotism. The GOP is the party of tribalistic hatred masquerading as jingoism.
$C: I'm a Republican.  I'm able to make a cogent argument without attacking my opponent or calling names.

You guys that are pushing the same economic policies that have ruined societies all over the world (see Venezuela) seem to have a problem with that.

I don't hate anyone.  I retired five years ago at 55.  Life is good here in SWFL.  I'll be spending today out on the sailboat with my Brazilian wife and our Yorkie.  I don't have time to hate.

I'll say one thing, though.  My kids aren't going to live the (awesome) life that I've led - and that's not because the US has become more conservative in my lifetime......
$C: Have you assesed dear leader's grammar as well? 
$C: I dunno man.  When you have a stolen seat by McConnell, and a treasonous president nominating two supreme justices that completely tip an increasingly partisan 4/5 institution, I can't help but feel that it's illegitimate stacked court.  As for influencing 50 senators, it doesn't have to be all of them, not even close.  The old republican guard only has to be thinking of reelection in districts where they are getting increasingly primaried.  But I also can't emphasize enough that our president just committed "nothing short of treason" and the GOP isn't doing shit.  This Russian corruption is clearly influencing top republican lawmakers.  
$C: Did you miss the whole quote from John Locke? A+B≠A+P and also A+B=C-P Since C-P is the case we can reasonably say that all of the consequences of C have a negative affect of P (since C is still the main outcome of A+B. Therefore, C and its consequences should no longer be acknowledged by A+P. 

Or in other words, a foreign entity helped elect a favorable president for them, that president makes lasting decisions. Those decisions and appointed positions shouldn't be honored when that is the case.
$C: Hi do you keep up with the news? Maria Butina. NRA. 
$C: You know damn well he's in on it though.
$C: Unfortunately. The good thing about Ryan is that he seems to be just another run of the mill spoiled white Conservative. Not ideal, but tolerable for the next couple years. 
$C: Because it says to Americans a few things: 1, that the Senate is another arm of the executive branch, which it is not, namely a branch for "rubber stamping" which doesn't carry its own legitimacy. If this is the case then why does it exist at all?

2, their vote for senate doesn't matter, because it's not a legitimate expression of their own voice.

At least theoretically, these different branches act as checks and balances. To say that a fuckup in one of the branches delegitmises the others completely ignores that principle.

Like, fuck, I'm not from the US, I don't like Trump, but reactionary politics, in general, is not good.
$C: They were nominated by a sitting president and confirmed in the Senate. It's legitimate to the Constitution?
$C: [deleted]
$C: You have several gaps in the logic there.
$C: Locke was not a Kant
$C: Nice
$C: Reality, so much reality
$C: Until you're declared a terrorist organization, and lose all rights.
$C: A Russian-backed military coup sounds like a good time.
$C: Might be out of range of your typical hoyshild budget.
$C: They *can*, but if they were going to they already would. The only thing people can do is unilaterally vote them out. Because holding on to power is all connected to this, it doesn't matter how many corporate backers you have, if you lose, you lose everything. If there actually is a "blue wave" which i'm getting skeptical of, and it leads to republicans losing seats en masse, they will change their rhetoric, because appealing for the extreme is what they're doing because it works, not because they're loyal to Trump really. If the extreme no longer benefit them, they'll stop catering to them. But only if you send a clear message: A republican that supports trump will not win
$C: Not when paid not too. 
$C: Ding ding ding. We have a winner. People need to stop thinking voting and legal processes are literally our only choices. There comes a point when we need to reflect on how dishonest and broken our "democracy" truly is, and enact real change. As someone who has been writing my state representatives and congressmen 18 times a year for years on end, I can assure anyone these clowns have no plans of implementing any change. They are bought and paid for. Plain and simple.
$C: That's drastically different than impeaching a president
$C: Oh well
$C: why even bring up the Islamic thing man?   unless that was a /s?
$C: No, I just didn't think an obvious troll account was worth a lengthy answer.


$C: Trump, for one
$C: No, that is not safe to assume at all and is a biased opinion. Information such as campaign plans, advertising data, where they plan to focus their attacks, speeches, who they have hired etc. is other information that would prove valuable to your campaign opponents.

Additionally you assume that they would be attacking both sides equally when that is the exact opposite of what they would be doing. Russian cyber warfare is deliberate to implement the form of government most conducive to their global standing, meaning they would specifically target those who stand against them. Where as the media, the American media operating under the first amendment and their rights as American citizens, are in theory watch dogging both sides of the aisle. If you want to debate the biases of American media that is fine, but the intentions of Russian agents cannot be misconstrued. They act solely in the interests of their state, not in revealing damning information.
$C: They stole campaign data from the Clinton campaign and the Trump campaign changed their strategy soon after. If you know the opponents game plan you are at an advantage. 
They stole emails, released them strategically and used their bots to emphasize anything that could be construed as negative and spin the narrative around it. (Has it actually been verified that nothing was altered?).

If you don’t think campaigns and media spins are effective then sure, it made no difference. That’s not the case though.
$C: Which one?

I'm not seeing one. 
$C: Ok, sure. 

In *this* article, is there anyone trustworthy?
$C: A public disclosure would be fine
$C: Step 1- build a Bastille

Step 2 - storm it

Step 3 - .....

Step 4 - profit (for the people)

Edit: wow.  Gold? Thanks internet stranger! Now to find out what it is and does 😁
$C: Haha yes you had a lot of practice. From drawing and quartering the nobility on the street, to blocking the transportation of strawberries and making sure trains don't run on time.
$C: I agree with this method of response, but the country is completely divided on these issues. There are a great many people who actually believe that Trump is amazing and the things he says and does are a benefit to everyone. That's what's keeping us from 'storming the streets'. Also, we're dogs with a louder bark than bite. 
$C: Maybe the government needs to listen a bit less so people in France would stop complaining all the goddamn time /s
$C: Up until last century or so that was really just the bourgeoisie. Most regular people did not know about the French Revolution for a while. Regular people organizing demonstrations is a fairly new thing. 
$C: Don't lose your head in the moment man m
$C: "Well we're in charge and you're not, so there. What are you gonna do about it, huh? Oh... Oh wait, c- canwetalkaboutthisfirst? Guys?"
$C: You should see South Africa.
$C: I mean I totally agree but we were also founded in rebellion and in the spirit of rebellion. Shouldn’t letting the government know how unhappy we are with them be sort of in our wheelhouse?? 

Apparently not :/
$C: America has a pretty decent record against tyranny. They showed the French how to do it the first time round.

Now we’ll see if the old dog can learn to do the old tricks again.
$C: You should see South Africa.
$C: Not sure judging based on Twitter comments is such a bad barometer. I’ve seen a vast change in recent days, I think that means something. 
$C: That’s not enough. It should be in every city in the entire country. More than half of the population dislike Trump. 
$C: If the election that installed Trump was illegitimate, then Pence is illegitimate. 

When this thing breaks bad, it's gonna break all the way bad.
$C: You don't like how in yhe US it's only loke 538 people that get to decide the president and it has pretty much nothing to do with the voting the entire population did? Whatever issues I have with my place of birth, at least I can proudly say that whoever the people vote for is the one that wins. No need to do another voting process where some elite people get to decide the final outcome. 
$C: I won't have an issue, but people working shit jobs in counties an hour from their house often don't even get sick days without the threat of firing.
$C: No reason to hold your nose. We have great candidates nationwide. 
$C: No thanks
$C: There are a great many reasonable and intelligent people who feel the same way about the Democrats. 
$C: Get Ruth Bader Ginsberg to die in the next month or two and you have a deal.

**Edit:** I'm serious. Literally the only thing stopping me from voting Democrat is the toxic evil influence of activist judges on the supreme court. Give me a 7-3 lock and I'll vote for president Feinstein. 
$C: Seriously? That’s your rebuttal.  Did you even think about my point or just go straight to name calling. 
$C: How? Will the politicians who get elected on a single vote just go "whoops, better resign!"
$C: By voting, you lend credibility to the current democratic system. 

The system is broken, your participation in that broken system lends it legitimacy. When you realize that the system does not work for you, the logical decision is to tear down the system. The first step in that is not adding credibility to that system. 
$C: I would be both confused and intrigued by the possibility that we really are only living in a simulation. 
$C: Hobo Bonobo Pro Bono
$C: Cousin to Mojo Jojo?
$C: Why can't they just kill themselves or do something productive? 

Would be a change for the better.

E.g. They could just all decide not to work in the whole state for a few days.

Then other states could pick up that and do it again. 

Would hurt the economy and stuff would change quickly. 
$C: Well it can be assumed, given that most news *actually* relevant to me and humanity in general is given to me on social media, and that news continues to report about presidential approval ratings, presidential not-so-presidential friendly meetings with Putin, honestly, very rarely anything political that wasn’t about Trump since his election. I’ve seen much more real politics here than the news, they seem more concerned with his public image than what he’s actually doing.

Though, that could just be the news doing what they want. If I’ve learned one thing so far, it’s that the news reports what they want, or what gets more views. The longer it takes for them to get to the point, the better their numbers are. The more people they can rope in, you know, toss the occasional local feelgood story about the poor woman number 532 who was “saved”, instead of reporting on all the real tragedies, the real world, and more meaningful things in between. It’s just whatever gets views now, not real news, and it hasn’t been for a while.

Unless there’s a hurricane though, then it’s helpful to know whether or not I might die.

Edit: sorry about the wall of text, just news as a whole is a pet peeve of mine lately. It’s not even “fake news”, it is real news, it’s just not meaningful.
$C: The problem is that the corporations and lobbiests own the news. For example, the automotive industry has been, and continues to, buy off scientists and news outlets to downplay the effects of climate change, and these are well documented. The biggest evidence for this is that the world CO2 levels have increased from 3 ppm to 4 ppm, which has officially brought in a new epoch on the world, and reports of this are minimal and swept under the rug. There have also been six doctors who were all working on an alternative therapy for cancer, (which has since begun trials in Sweden) who have all shown up with gunshot wounds to either the chest or head, and they have been deemed suicides, even though the research leader had bought cheese and wine for a quiet night in for his wife, and his practice was mysteriously burned to the ground, and his hard drives all went missing. The Brexiteers are being investigated for overspending on media and advertising in the weeks leading up to the poll, which could have reached 40 million people, and swung the vote. There have been mass demonstrations in France over the past few years regarding oil prices and the recession, and these aren't being reported. The reason the American public can't mobilise themselves is that this would be against the agenda of the six people who own every single US based media outlet. 

https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/doctors-mysteriously-found-dead-after-summit-cure-bryan-lambert


https://youtu.be/487CRdRHEeI 
$C: I'm not accusing you in particular of this apologism/defeatism, I'm saying I've seen much of it recently, and it's very uncharacteristic.
$C: So you're saying you wont try of fear of the obstacle demonizing you, a.k.a it's too hard?
$C: Is there a handbook for this somewhere?
$C: That's usa, honey, the police will just kill all of them, for terrorism or something. 

USA is really a shithole country. 

Such a thing would never be a problem in Europe. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: ...unless those companies exist in states with strong anti-union laws.  If you're replaceable, going on strike will see you replaced immediately in much of this country.

**Edit:**  A letter.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Let's not blame external factors here. I'm unemployed, and I've still managed to pull off somewhere between 40 and 50k€ annually. And motivated people to finish their studies, or start them. Or get a real job. And helped them get out of depression. While talking strategy with Healthcare professionals and fighting disinformation.   


What I mean is, it's about you, in the end. Fuck the situation, and any external factors. Life sucks, it's on you - it's to be mended, not to wasted on in a permanent, static rut.   


These things are doable. Lie not under the fire, champ. 
$C: As a European, it's this "getting maced by police" part that would keep me from protesting. American policeman seem to be quite nervous. 
$C: > I'd call the very real threat of losing your job 

That's what you get when you call any form of government regulation communism - the lack of the most basic employee rights.
$C: Such a free country.
$C: Vote for your "communist"  Sanders next time. 

What he fights for and what you considers the far left of your system would be pretty in the middle of the European political system and not even considered radical,  because those are basic needs.

But you ignorant Americans won't catch a drift about that, ever, because you are raised this way.
$C: HEINOUS. After composing a serious and relevant post, to add a one-sentence aside at the end congratulating an Ally on a recent significant sports victory. It's not like we live in really disturbing times where our commander-in-chief seems intent on alienating all our allies, and therefore civilian attempts to maintain conversational Goodwill are particularly well advised right now, or anything like that. 

You should hide your face.
$C: " I don't want to die" = "it's my fault if I am abused"

Um. Not so much, dude. 
$C: Voting Sanders was a possibility, he had a decent chance for a time. People voted for Dumbo Trump but they could have had a president who might have steered the wheel towards more worker friendly policies.
$C: So you’d rather keep up appearances doing nothing than piss a few people off doing the right thing?

You’re so brave.
$C: It would be huge, yes, but the US needs way more than just having Trump impeached 
$C: A change of president doesnt do shit for the people.
$C: Lmao shut up
$C: Source?
$C: Amen frère
$C: Mate I'm french I don't really care about losers :P /s
$C: "I give in at the first sight of violence from from my oppressors. I am so fearful of the very slight chance of being hurt that I give up my political voice."
$C: That is why you need gun control. Our police is extremely calm and professionnal compared to the US one, because they know they won't get shot, so they don't need to draw their guns. On a national level, we get about 10-15 people killed by the police every year, that's it.
$C: Same thing here as a Swede. Make your voices heard on the streets! 
$C: There's simply not a culture in white, middle class America of protest and direct action. It's historically something that people of colour and students have done and been looked down on in their time for doing it.
$C: Same, also German and think Americans need to protest and send a clear message
$C: Yeah. Trump faces bigger protests in London than he does in Washington.
$C: When they have us living paycheck to paycheck and our jobs can be taken from us for the most minuscule reason its tough to muster up the strength to fight a system built to keep us down. I was fired once for the color of my shirt that i was wearing under my uniform shirt. 
$C: Their work culture doesn't allow it. A lot of them have two jobs, no holidays or days off, and "protesting" is seen as some evil commie thing, so they can get fired if the bosses find out.
$C: Where should we go? The US is huge. Getting to DC is far and expensive to stay in, no vacation time to take off, people are trapped since they have to pay the bills to keep food on the table. 
$C: It is very easy to understand this. The reality on the street is the same as it always was. None of this has effected our daily lives. We commute to work. Do grocery shopping. Laze around the mall, dine in restaurants. Our bellies are full and there is enough backlog in our Steam libraries and netflix.

Revolution comes from hunger. From injustice. We aren't there yet.
$C: People protest all the time. Usually nothing changes. 
$C: Most of us were shot, sprayed with water cannons in -20 degree winter weather, or fired from our jobs because we have abysmal worker protections here. 

Sorry.

EDIT: Forgot "run over by white supremacists at protests then told were as much at fault as the racist murderers".
$C: The same reason a good many people don’t even vote: we have none of the labor protections you have. It’s a lot more difficult to just run and protest when you could instantly lose your job and jeopardize your family’s well-being. 
$C: If the situation in ukraine has taught us anything it's that this is putins exact plan. He is a master in quietly destabilizing another country. *Puts on tinfoil hat* Ukraine, U.S election, Brexit? France election. Who knows what else.
$C: As a Canadian this is what shocks me the most. Not even the supposed treason of their Republican party and their supporters, but the OTHER side. Where is the discontent beyond the armchair warriors? Where are the real world protests? I've been baffled for a long while and it's only getting worse. It's absolutely shocking how much Americans are enduring and they're still content enough to stay at home. 
$C: Well sure, that *sounds* good. But where would we meet? The streets in San Fran, or NY? My point is that Germany is, what, maybe the size of Texas? It's a whole lot easier for *everyone* to get to one spot for a protest in Germany than it is for people here to get to one spot.
$C: Swiss here, the city of Zurich would have been destroyed by now if that happened here
$C: Bread, circuses, and Fortnite.
$C: We have jobs!  I run a business and can't afford to take a day off to go to a protest.  Even when they show protests on TV, a lot of the prevailing opinion is "why aren't they at work/school?"
$C: Vast majority of the people can't afford to protest. Terrible worker rights + 75% of the wealth being located in the top 1% of the population. Weekdays are 8-5 for most people, some people do 5AM-8PM due to job location and job security. Saturdays we have to work around the house to make sure shit doesn't implode and we have to drop another $500 on a AC unit or whatever. Sunday all the government buildings are closed. 

Add onto all this a general distrust of the police, and most people will not/can not protest.
$C: Well there's a lot of good TV right now...
$C: [deleted]
$C: They have to work or they’ll be fired 

Kinda lol, but I feel bad for them
$C: Lmao there's been like a huge anti Trump protest every two months. Protesting is pathetic it doesn't do shit except make morons feel good pretending they "did something". People show up for protests now so they can show off on Instagram how cool and progressive they are. Our protests are fucking embarassing. Most of them don't even have direction or aim.
$C: Because no one cares. We're used to fabricated bs on social media.
$C: Well, you should visit the US.

You'd begin to understand the manipulation of perception for $$$. Don't think this is 'the rich and powerful against the poor, noble democrats'.

It's the rich and powerful democrats vs the rich and powerful republicans. Democrat billionaires lost this round.

Also, ever notice it's the democrats who oppose guns, believe in entitlements and handouts from the government, then grow extra salty when the government turns republican?

This isn't the party of 'being out in the streets and shooting at soldiers'. It's the party of crying and sitting at home, demanding they want free shit.

That's why they lose constantly. And I'm not even a republican, and didn't vote for Trump, but the smug entitlement is insane from the left. It pushed many center voters to unilaterally abandon them the last 4-6 years.
$C: This time we're protesting and voting for the Congress. The Congress can impeach the president if the Democrats win.
$C: The US Congress is set up as a two-party system, mainly because of the 60% rule. A third party would make the risk of stalemate too high (no side makes it to the 60% majority and the government cannot function).
$C: We are not at that stage yet. We can still right the ship by voting.
$C: Its happened before.

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wilmington_insurrection_of_1898
$C: Democrats are anti gun and progressives (the non-liberal wing of democrats) who would sponsor such an act (liberals are starting to side against democrats now due to the progressive left wing push) hate guns.

So how exactly are you going to fight the popular whim of the nation of democratically elected republicans and centrist democrats with folks who want to ban guns and think they're the devil, and believe in identity politics and socialism, not in individualism and american exceptionalism?

You know, the right mix of independent and crazy you need to put your life on the line for something as bold as that. Oh wait, this was just more empty virtue signaling that's destroying the leftist wing of the democrat party.

I look forward to when you are all bitter, poor, mad folks like the hippies that came before you while the democrats return to power with classic liberal ideals. Don't worry, we'll give you medicare and social security so you can rationalize to yourself that you 'earned' it while being deeply bitter and angry your entire life knowing you live at the expense of the actual Americans who bust their ass day in and day out, liberal and conservative alike.

Enjoy your meaningless, pitied life!
$C: Isn't it? I was under the impression that most/all primaries had already been held
$C: I get what you're saying and it's important to donate to politicians you support, but reddit lives almost solely off of donations. They're not a multi billion dollar corporation like, Facebook. It isn't like you're throwing money away by giving Reddit gold to someone, it sustains reddit so people like you can express yourself openly. Donate to both if you can, but if you can't then pick the one you believe serves you best. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: Its more important to get off the internet and do something, respect to those people. 

And Thank You! : [http://www.latimes.com/projects/la-pol-ca-california-congressional-race-rankings/](http://www.latimes.com/projects/la-pol-ca-california-congressional-race-rankings/)
$C: the fact that america spends so much on elections, and that the electorate throw money at candidates completely baffles me.

what exactly does throwing a few bucks at a candidate ahieve?  serious question, I'm always seeing things like "I can't protest, but I'll send some money to my local candidate"  I truly don't understand it.  How does donating a few bucks counteract the absolute corruption that is corporate funding?

remove the insane amount of money spent on your elections and spend it on your country
$C: Seriously, the total amount of gold in this post isn't much.  Isn't gold $3?  That's like $300 for the biggest news story I have seen on Reddit all year.
$C: Are you advocating that people from all over the world influence US National elections in swing areas to get an outcome you desire? I'd that's not hypocritical with this report, I dunno what is.
$C: Only one party has been compromised by a foreign nation. Only one party refuses to rebuke our puppet president. We can get back to partisan bickering after we pull our nation off of the brink of fascism.

Right now, we need to unify the resistance. The Russians want us to be wishy-washy and think that voting won't change anything, that is psyops bullshit and I for one will not give in.
$C: We need to start with the immediate threat. Don't 'both sides' this shit. It is not even comparable and it is just intellectually lazy. Being a moderate doesn't mean finding the middle ground between a ridiculous extreme and something else. That just nudges to the extreme side. You need to trim out the outliers.

edit: a word
$C: I want to agree with you, but it seems like all the politicians with integrity are dems so it’s hard to not push the party. Especially since a “crooked democrat” is usually just a fiscally conservative socialist who still supports big banking, but also wants to help the little guy. Even if you’re stuck with the latter, ANY different bag of problems is a great trade for America. I’d take waiting in line at hospitals (like I already do, but) for free health care from doctors who didn’t have to pay for an education and could really invest their time learning, all the while, enjoying some amazing hospital cafeteria food provided by once-amateur chefs who could not afford culinary training, nor the time to hone their skill, But thanks to universal healthcare, they have the living expenses covered so they can pursue their dreams and provide a service to the sick and wary, any day! Vote Democrat 2018
$C: Agreed. I think for that to happen campaign finance regulations need to be completely rewritten, possibly by a constitutional amendment. Get rid of the influence of money and see if we can go back to a government for and by the people.
$C: But the party is their viewpoints.
$C: Agreed. The party system ruins everything. Everyone should always run independently and for their own personal stance, otherwise voters will just vote for the republican/Democrat because its the party they "like."

Edit: but please dont vote republican this specific election
$C: [deleted]
$C: Change the voting system then. FPTP dictates a two-party system. Until then, I’m choosing the pro-democracy party. 
$C: I'm not sure what you mean by that. We can protest and volunteer and make a stink on social media, but ultimately our main power as citizens is to vote.
$C: > Yes because things were so much better when the Democrats were in power.

They absolutely were.
$C: It may be imperfect, but it is better than being ruled by Russia. The choice is between American interest and Russian Stooges. The Republicans have been appeasing Trump at every turn and they do not deserve our votes at this time.
$C: Tens of millions of Americans have healthcare because of Democrats, including myself. Stop acting like the parties are the same. 

One party is pro-democracy and the other is not, that’s good enough for me right now. 
$C: Idk man, I think it’s pretty safe to say things were a lot better when the democrats where in power...we weren’t a Russian tool for one.
$C: Right, because telling people to vote and exercise their civic duty during a time of national crisis is propaganda. 
$C: Downvoted for suggesting you "open your minds"

XD
$C: It’s been a call for a revolution since Reagan dude
$C: [deleted]
$C: [deleted]
$C: https://www.dsausa.org/get_involved
$C: I went door-knocking for the first time a few days ago and I was pleasantly surprised at how friendly and considerate everyone was.
$C: Great organizations to get you started include [Swing Left](https://swingleft.org/) and [Indivisible](https://www.indivisible.org/), and getting involved locally and consistently (*the* hardest part!). If you're looking for affiliations, the [Justice Democrats](https://www.justicedemocrats.com/) and the [Democratic Socialists of America](https://www.dsausa.org/get_involved) are both pushing hard on the progressive flank of the Dems. And if you're looking to put your safety on the line, I think [Antifa](https://itsgoingdown.org/) is a legitimate response to right-wing extremism wherever it crops up. It's pretty much always responsive -- they only organize to counter-protest extremists and protect non-violent protesters, which is why they're always seen in the crosshairs.

I just try to remain informed, be willing to have uncomfortable conversations, and do as much as I can within my own mess of a life. We can all only try -- and if someday we'll wish we tried harder, we'll at least have tried.
$C: You could talk with people about what's unfair and could be better. It doesn't have to about Trump or political parties, if you feel that doesn't get you anywhere.

To me politics is people talking about how they want to live together. And we surely shouldn't only do that one day every 4th year.
$C: At least then they can actually fucking bring charges against him. 
$C: God willing.
$C: That's assuming Putin doesn't send Mueller to the gulag. 
$C: Most lilely he'll drop some info just before November, to swing things towards dems, makes sense
$C: Duh.
$C: Sounds violent is that what you condone? 
$C: I read somewhere that voter turnout is abysmal year after year. Maybe 1/3 of eligible voters actually voted, and that's pretty bad, yeah? Maybe if everyone took their democracy seriously and voted, the electoral college would be less necessary? Or if people voted for folks that wanted to end gerrymandering in the midterms, thing could progress to the point where the electoral college isn't a sham. The important thing is to vote each and every time you're given the opportunity
$C: Its more about if you don't vote, you're not even being counted and letting your voice be heard. That's the buy-in
$C: Great question. The electoral college only applies to the Presidential election. The 2018 election will be for House and Senate who will serve as the checks on Donald Trump’s corruption. The 2018 midterm election will likely be the most consequential election in decades. We need everyone voting in 2018.

Past that, abolishing the electoral college needs to be a priority for Democrats. It’s anti-democratic and makes people believe their votes do not count. We need bold policies that strengthen democracy and I only see one party that is even coming close to doing that. 

If you want to learn more subscribe to /r/BlueMidterm2018
$C: Nobody answered this question: shouldn't the US abolish the electoral college system for universal suffrage? The electoral college has become disconnected from the will of the people. It is an undemocraty institution. It should go.
$C: There are several Red States that would be blue if all registered Democrats voted. The game is to win the electoral college not the popular vote, and if those apathetic Dems in the red and purple states voted the message could be sent.

Additionally if Dems and the extreme left could stop shitting on the right, even if they are factually correct, there might be a chance at a reasonable dialogue to convince republicans to vote against party until a reasonable conservative party rises. We all have Fox news republican family members who refuse to see any truth about what's happening but that spell is not permanent. Finding the key fact those family members need to hear in a voice that they'll listen to might be a bitch to pull off but everyone had their thing. 

So get your Dem friends to vote, get people to register to vote, and find the values your right wing family holds that trump/the GOP violated egregiously and present it. It's like Wikipedia, if everyone gave $5 this shit would be over in a few minutes, except it's the future of western democracy and our country.
$C: [There is a group trying to do something about the electoral college.](https://www.wolf-pac.com) I don't know how successful they will be but it's something.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Americans are protesting. The United States is also huge and rely on the media to cover protests. 

Further, Americans are living paycheck to paycheck making it very hard to protest. The people in power have expertly taken away this right and made it a privilege. 
$C: To the people who live in those areas, I would remind them that Congress doesn't fall out of the sky. The presidential candidates of 2032 are today's state legislators, mayors, governors, city councilmembers, etc. 

The hysteria surrounding the presidential elections often takes away from the importance of local races and ballot proposals, many of which will affect your life more immediately than anything the US Congress will do.
$C: That's wonderful. Don't forget to vote. 
$C: There's a concept. We could march against Trump. Maybe even start a little subreddit, call it /r/MarchAgainstTrump. 

Real talk though, marching is great but it means nothing if you don't vote. Your voice in the ballot box is the only one they can't ignore. 
$C: [Last year the control over Virginia's House was decided by a coin toss because a single district ended up with tied votes.](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/politics/wp/2017/12/22/that-coin-toss-election-in-virginia-dramatic-but-it-pales-in-comparison-to-other-historic-contests/?utm_term=.69ee100182e2)

One more Democrat voting in that election would have flipped the seat, making it go from 19D-21R to 20D-20R with the Democratic Lt. Governor being the tie breaker.
$C: You are willingly giving up your power to those that want you to believe you have none. Fight the propaganda. Use the power of voting. 
$C: This is the exact mindset that Russian trolls have been pushing you to believe. Vote, my friend.
$C: If you're worried about them taking it away, don't give it up willingly.  
$C: With that attitude, I'm definitely not voting for you. 

Now get out there and vote! 
$C: Vote, my dude.
$C: Too much Vodka? 
$C: There’s no proof that Russia hacked the vote tallies. That’s not what’s meant when people talk about them meddling with our election.
$C: Yeah. Trump is a consequence of laziness. 
$C: Doing that without cutting the Liberals in half and handing every presidency to the Conservatives would be nice... I just don’t see it happening unless we allow an Alt-Right Party to gain some real ground.
$C: Of everything that has happened over the past 1.5 years this news has freaked me out the most. 
$C: It's also possible we live in a cold, terrible universe devoid of ultimate meaning. Go fucking vote anyway.
$C: Vote, because it might be the last time it counts if you don't.
$C: Vote anyway.  It will be harder to rig, the more the votes they have to change.  
$C: Please vote anyway, everything helps
$C: Cool. Vote. 
$C: The votes were changed because it was a close race because the Republicans get the vote out better.

If the dems were better at getting the vote out especially younger voters it wouldn't be close enough to sway.

Probably?  Hopefully?
$C: Sure that makes sense. However, if you're a liberal or progressive or Democrat or whatever and you're under the age of forty, odds are you didn't vote anyway. We need to support candidates that will address these concerns, but we also just need to vote more. 
$C: It would have if other states had also flipped from red to blue. Then your vote could arguably have *decided* the election.

You can't look at it in a vacuum.
$C: I did the numbers a few months ago. 

If there was a landslide of apocalyptic proportions so that the Democrats win every single seat in the House and all the seats up for election in the Senate, there still wouldn't be enough votes in the Senate for a 2/3 majority. And in that situation, the Democrats would still need around 10 Republicans to agree with them.

Having said that, Senate Republicans are less enamored of Trump than their House colleagues. So there *might* still be a chance.

Another suggestion is the 25th Amendment, but that is even less likely to work, since it requires either a president unable to express his opinion or a president who agrees with the removal. If the president disagrees with a 25th amendment removal, the decision is shifted to congress, and 2/3 of *both* houses are required.


$C: Because you said “no shut the fuck up” to the comment that said “vote”

Maybe try: “and until voting protest”

That wouldn’t have brought me to the conclusion that you were telling people not to vote. 
$C: great! help other people in less reliable states get out and vote. donate to close elections.
$C: Hmm, know any good way to organize a large amount of people to coordinate a protest? Either it would have to go viral or be organized by a national campaign/group i would think..
$C: You work 7 days a week?
$C: Those are excuses.

Give me liberty or give me death.
$C: Exactly. It’s being executed expertly. It is being run into the ground, but most don’t notice. It really is a lost cause. 
I live in the country, a protest outside my door would be seen by no one. The closest city is 2 hours away
$C: I don't have to go to DC. It was hypothetical. We were talking about mass protests. An effective protest would have to take place in one location. My point was that not everyone could get there.

$C: I know. It's hard not to be negative, but you're right. The calculus is a little different for me (my employment status makes political protest iffy, though the nature of *this* protest throws that into a grey area).

What I keep asking my friends - some of whom readily agree with me - is where is *your* line? I'm right up against mine, and I'm happy to tell anyone I know. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: For some people, a day’s pay is the difference between feeding their kids or not. Wages have been stagnant for years and studies show most Americans can’t even handle the tiniest financial emergency.  
$C: For many, an arrest is the end of employment.  With routine background checks in some industries, an arrest can mean being permanently blackballed.
$C: Agreed! Just important to point out so people realize that our rights are being stripped in very real ways. Anyone that can protest should protest .
$C: It's a democracy, I promise!
$C: Those *can't* be the case in the US because your system prevents it. First-past-the-post encourages hardline us vs them thinking, and drives the two parties away from each other (making them more extreme / less central) while suppressing any third options.

Countries with proportional representation systems manage just fine with multiple parties, centrist parties, and even minority governments.

I think the ideal path forward for the US (it won't happen but I can dream) would look like:

* Vote in a Democratic majority this election cycle. Not because I'm anti-Republican but because I think having an opposed party is necessary for the 'checks and balances' idea to work, and I think you really need checks and balances on Trump.
* Somehow, push through electoral reform to increase the proportionality of the government, so that minor parties can stand a chance.
* Somehow, reduce the partisanship of the national dialogue, so that people are more willing to entertain those minor parties.

(To be clear, I am not actually a fan of any of America's current minor parties. I'm not saying this because I'm biased toward a current party that I want to get seats. I just think two-party politics is unhealthy.)
$C: Typically when you have more parties they form coalitions, and actual compromise takes place instead of whichever party eeks out a majority having nearly all the power.
$C: Your comment is so perfect to describe the American situation that I just had to create an account. Wow. Good luck keeping your democracy.
$C: Same here. Because most Americans I know are just going to plaster it all over social media and be outraged for 48 hours and then move on. Which is pathetic and sad. I'm seriously thinking about just going and marching alone. I'll just be the one crazy dude with a sign. I don't know what else to do. After all this, we should be RIOTING in the streets. But we aren't... we've become numb.. and it's so dangerous. 
$C: Idk, the people in Venezuela didn't really have much to lose. 
$C: Cunt I'm Australian, don't you "you guys" me. This ain't my fight.
Just throwing ideas out, is all.
What's your thoughts on this article? Brainless denial or deluded opposition? 
$C: Serious times call for serious measures
$C: Yeah that's kind of the point.

Literal treason. 

Also I'm Canadian but for gods fucking sake they're starting a fucking trade war and I'm sick of every day having new stupider donald trump news because apparently the entire generation of protesting hippies have calmed down., 
$C: Yeah it actually does
$C: We can vote for whatever party we want, but all the power and money go into two. A lot of people vote straight party no matter the candidates and that's part of why third parties never get anything. Usually the third party is just used as an "well I don't want to vote for either of these people" option. It's frustrating 
$C: Look at your great northern neighbours we have many parties, instead of 2 very polarised ones
$C: That is a very long game.  The two party system is essential law in many parts of the US.  There are all kinds of electoral barriers in place in election districts all over the country.
$C: That would be awesome. Sadly unrealistic, but ideal.
$C: Thank you. We use the term DEMOcracy very loosely here now. It's a bandaid term. The truth beneath the bandaid is gross, oozing pus, and extremely tender. But slap that fancy, flesh tone bandaid over it, and everyone smiles
$C: It’s one form of what I was talking about.
$C: I mean, in spite of everything he's done in the past that's come to light, he was still elected president. That's gotta fluff his ego a bit too. Probably feels to him like he can do no wrong, and at times it sure looks that way. After all this is through, America is going to wake up with a real bad hangover.
$C: So we should pity instead of hate him?

Maybe both.
$C: That is the most ravenous comment I've ever heard directed at him. Scathingly accurate.
$C: And a good chunk of our populous thought he'd be a good president(A LOT STILL DO!!).

What does that say about the country? I think America is pretty stunted in it's own failings.
$C: I agree. 

I learned that about him when he went on a out the pussy groping thing and had claimed it was locker room talk.

If I talked like that amongst other guys, I wouldn't trust him around my female family.  
$C: Let's all be honest for a second. His ways actually got him into the White House.

Maybe not legitimately, certainly not ethically. But he's currently called "President Trump."  I cannot in my wildest dreams see this man give up his ways when he literally became president.

Seriously though I hope America takes a good long look at itself. I'd be very very disappointed if we didn't learn from this.
$C: > Who is going to trust an election where those in control of the government are willing participants in Russia's ongoing information war and attacks on our election system?

You don't, you scrutinize it, pay attention to polling, register early so you can detect a roll purge, drive people to the polls, encourage voters, etc.

The 2016 election was swung by a measly 80k votes, that's not much. It's still not unlikely that they don't really have that much of a hold on the system, but giving up now and being apathetic will only boost their perceived hold come election night.

Vote now, then, if there are massive discrepancies in the results, push for audits, protest, and demand a recount.
$C: *Alluded to.
$C: Yeah this comment is not going to make anyone vote Democrat who wouldn't do so already. Insulting people is only going to make them not want to switch, which to be honest, is quite reasonable when someone called you a "Sub-Human Filth", "stupid idiots", "inbred", "rasict rednecks", and a shit ton of other insults.
$C: You really think deleting your rights _isn't_ the ultimate goal of this treasonous administration and the traitors in Congress backing it?

That the person helping the hostile foreign dictator who stuffs ballots and assassinates political adversaries wouldn't hesitate to do the same things here if they thought they could get away with it?

Your options are between outright treason and inept idiots. Democrats can tend to be stupid, but at least their campaign contributions come from Americans instead of the KGB.
$C: Here are your 10 bill of rights, please elaborate with sources which 5 the dems apparently want to delete. Infowars, breibart or drumpfs verbal diarreah are not valid sources FYI.

1.Freedom of religion, speech, press, assembly, and petition.2
Right to keep and bear arms in order to maintain a well regulated militia.
3No quartering of soldiers.4Freedom from unreasonable searches and seizures.5Right to due process of law, freedom from self-incrimination, double jeopardy.6Rights of accused persons, e.g., right to a speedy and public trial.7
Right of trial by jury in civil cases.
8Freedom from excessive bail, cruel and unusual punishments.9Other rights of the people. 
10Powers reserved to the states
$C: >Your responses are not fact based

And neither is your bullshit. Literally almost everything you just wrote is conjecture. Did you make that shit up or did you just copy from other idiots in /r/politics?

Go ahead and source that $30 million NRA figure. We both know you can't and won't. 
$C: Just look up how many schemes the fbi and cia have caused over the years. Why trust that?
$C: But you're probs not gonna go alone. Who do you know near you that will march with you? (you totally should btw)
$C: but what if you have to work both? i havent had a weekend off in a few decades. 
$C: You have nothing to lose but your chains.
$C: Protesting in weekends will do literally nothing
$C: I can't wait for those new ~~taxes~~ tarriffs to go into effect on us... it's a good reason for the rednecks who support Trump's bullshit to re-evaluate their world view (*not that they will*).
$C: **VOTE VOTE VOTE!!!!!**
$C: I'm American. I can confirm. People here like to say, for instance, that tolerance and equality are important values to them. But then lets say that a popular restaurant chain is literally using its profits to fund anti-gay political groups meaning to try to remove gay rights and create treatment centers that torture the gay away. You'd think the obvious action would be to boycott the restaurants in defense of equality and tolerance. But instead, people will get angry that you suggest something actually be done, while professing their moral objection, while continuing to give their money to the evil cause, while accusing you of making them look bad. Americans will talk a lot about their values, but they wont do anything beyond that--even if it's as simple as changing where they buy chicken sandwiches.
$C: Romania is the size of New England and they didn’t saddle their entire young, educated populace minus the spawn of the super-wealthy with thousands of dollars of debt if you are *lucky*. Good on them though, I don’t know what the fuck’s going on here.
$C: [deleted]
$C: no man, its because if the revolution fails we will all be financially fucked for the rest of our lives. 
$C: Exactly. When protests become large enough, the police come out in riot gear. Doesn't matter if it's peaceful, they're usually there.
$C: Maybe the Mueller investigation pacified most people here into thinking the results would end in the termination of the current administration. 

All hope lies on this, but once Congress ignores this scandal like they have every other then the people will..continue to lie down and bitch about it some more on social media. Our problem is that the Democrats and the politicians on our side are weak and we have zero leadership.
$C: The media didn't make fun of the protestors in the UK when Trump was there recently. Look how many people over there hate his guts. If we all went to D.C. by the thousands and did what the UK did maybe someone would acknowledge it and see that we are fucking fed up with Trump getting away with his bullshit.
$C: Exactly. The United States of America is literally North Korea
$C: Yes, because they have less to lose. America has lulled enough of its people into either an apathetic state with regards to government/global politics, or an anxious state where people are terrified of getting trapped in the utterly crippling cycle of poverty that is the working class of America. [More than half of Americans reportedly don't have $1000 to their name.](https://www.forbes.com/sites/niallmccarthy/2016/09/23/survey-69-of-americans-have-less-than-1000-in-savings-infographic/#7630e9851ae6) Everybody is so desperate to get by.
$C: Worst wealth inequality in the developed world.
$C: To show *whom?* The Right are the ones in power, which means the Right *are the ones whose reactions matter*. Of course we're doing it for them. If Republican voters don't care, and Republican politicians don't care, then it's all for nothing because their sister-fucking yokel base will keep voting them into power with no consequences for their treason whatsoever.
$C: We are doing it for them, because they are the ones in power. They make the laws. They have a leg up on us, and they know it. Currently they have no motivation to change.
$C: You just described a circlejerk.
$C: General strikes. Mass protests. March on Washington. Martin Luther King.
$C: They could risk it if they cared enough. Frankly, most people, and especially white people, aren't being personally affected by this so they might type a strongly worded message, but they can still get up and go to work the next day because the bad things happening aren't usually happening to them.
$C: False. Oh so false. All false.
$C: Exactly. This is one of the things that the US always made out it cared about. Sure, the democratic system they’d developed wasn’t very good, but this? Influenced by an old enemy? If they let this slide that’s the end of the US as we know it 
$C: I've heard conservatives - namely the more likely to support Trump - jokingly talk about brandishing firearms at protests to 'scare' liberals.

I wish I was joking but I'm seriously not.  
$C: We do that. Reddit and other media outlets love to shit on those types of protests. We fucking shut down the bridge in SF.
$C: Think about all the people who DO want to protest, but because of other obligations tieing them down (full-time job, family, strugging to make ends meet, risk of catching a charge by Police, etc), going out and protesting puts many of those things at risk. And as such, there just isn't a convenient way or time for many to go hit the streets. OTOH, there are many of us without such obligations, or at least to the degree listed above, that maybe we need to start thinking about making some sacrifices, creating and structuring and organization devoted to taking our concerns to the next level until we foster change. I feel like the marches, chanting and picketing aren't doing much to facilitate change. I think we need to start getting angry, and use that anger constructively. We also need to remain united, marching as one, together, with intent and purpose. We need a revolution
$C: Yeah let me get right on that. 

On paper that all sounds great and I completely agree! But organizing it and actually getting enough people together to do it is much harder than it sounds. Especially with the way our economy is right now. Americans are taught to look out for themselves and their families. Most people are worried about the government but aren’t willing to miss work and risk getting arrested. Everyone is already scared to death over their jobs.

I get so frustrated with comments like this. I completely agree that this would be effective, but it’s so wide scale that it’s not something one redditor is going to be able to do.
$C: You throw Coke light cans into the harbor of Boston!
$C: Can't march on weekdays when the powerful works you to exhaustion. 
$C: Even London managed to protest better than the US.
$C: The country is pretty split where 45% hate him, 45% love him, and 10% just don't give a shit one way or the other.

It's pretty hard to bring the system to a screeching halt when 45% of the people love it.
$C: How do we fix this? How can I help?
$C: Well you dump the weekdays claim? It's demonstrably false.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Protests_against_Donald_Trump
$C: Maybe not all traffic. 

I have a wife and a little girl at home.

I'd like to be able to put food on the table. 
$C: You block traffic and you get people complaining they were late to work and insisting that you're hurting your own message by inconveniencing them. It's incredibly frustrating. 
$C: Ummm... newsflash.  I voted against Trump, but approximately half the country didn't Hillary so much.  There were valid reasons not to like her.  I am doubting that any foreign interference created the nearly 50/50 split.  I think that's what we've had in recent years.  It's the state of our polarization.  We get these coin toss elections as a result.  Neither candidate had some clear mandate to lead.  One or the other of them was going to win by a small margin.  People work themselves into a lather about the woulda coulda shouldas, they tend to forget that half the people don't like the other candidate.

I'm fine with prosecuting any actual Russian interference, but this whole affair has smelled like renewed McCarthyism from the beginning.  Why are we supposed to follow a 1-dimensional "Russians are bad guys!" script?  I get that Putin isn't a democratically elected leader etc.  Wants power etc.  We have often worked with worse if it suits our geopolitical purposes.  Who determines those purposes?
$C: [deleted]
$C: The powers that be in America don't give a shit about economic collapse. 
$C: Again, the size of the country works against that. In a lot of smaller countries, if you can shut down the capital you can simultaneously shut down the government, and the primary engine of their economy. The US is much more spread out. You'd have to have massive disruptive protests in dozens of cities, involving millions and millions of people. It's very difficult to recruit and coordinate that many people in that many locations. 
$C: Go block every political building (including the white house) with the politicians inside for 48 hours and let's see if they don't care about protests. 
$C: Brazil is as big as the US in terms of territory, while having 150 million fewer people and protests led to impeaching our President. "Too big" is just an excuse. 
$C: Where I work there are 2 guys who wear maga hats daily and someone else asked if Bernie was trumps vice president... So yeah, I could try striking, but no one else is mad about things or cares enough to know what's going on.

 I stike, I lose my job and can't feed my family. That's the reality of the situation. Its not that we don't have the power, we just don't have the awareness to act together.
$C: Strikes hurt individuals and private businesses more than the government. Strikes are a very indirect way of trying to cause government change, and I don't think it would effective given how polarized the country is. You need more support from a broader range of the population for that not to backfire. 
$C: Or lives 😬
$C: There HAS been protests at the offices.
$C: Trump has 90% approval among Republicans. Not supporting Trump is what will get them out of office. This country is in trouble.
$C: Congress can't lose their jobs
$C: None? Like zero scheduled paid days of leave?

That's a little unusual to me, what is it that you and these others do? Most full time jobs give 1-2 weeks of vacation. 
$C: That's your military power?
$C: He literally doesn't have the money to travel, how is that an excuse? That's like telling someone their inability to rent an apartment, or their homelessness, is an excuse.
$C: 
Yes
$C: You too? 
$C: Christ on a fuck.
$C: Hell of a burn there
$C: Actually, it doesn’t imply that. Your IQ can be negative, so it can go down from 0.
$C: >The only actual reason for any politician to do **anything illegal**.

FTFY


$C: But he's not actually a politician
$C: That's not much of a consolation
$C: We agree he’s a shit head  :D
$C: Could get away with that? Or *couldn't?*
$C: Why are you defending him? 

Why wouldn't the American public expect that their president not talk in hyperbole (especially when that hyperbole revolves around killing someone)?
$C: You're right i'm being a dick, sorry. 
$C: We'd be screwed if Trump was a quarter as smart as Putin. 
$C: "Attacking you" is an interesting way to phrase releasing information previous administrations tried to conceal from their electors....

Russia didn't attack America. It released information that one political party would have preferred remain unknown. 

Let's be clear, there is no suggestion that the information released by Russia was dishonest. It wasn't fabricated. It isnt false. Personally, I think an electorate only benefits from knowing if a Presidential candidate has previously fucked up and then tried to cover it up.

Trump didn't win the election. The Democrats lost it by putting forward a bad candidate who thought her skeletons were locked safely in a closet.
$C: A very important one.

It seems entirely disingenuous when the worlds longest standing foreign election manipulator cries foul because their electorate suddenly realise that it happens to them.
$C: Once elected, what is the democrat strategy to deter Russia and prevent them from doing this again?
$C: Ok.... so how will they do that against Russia? Cyber attacks? Increasing the amount of troops in Europe? Withdrawing troops?  
$C: I live in South Carolina, plenty Trump supporters around, have had the same luck. I just try to work backwards till I find the most simplistic ideal we can agree on. We **have** to figure out a way of communication, I've gotten some to agree that when the President of the United States is on the world stage, at the very least you shouldn't be confused on what country he sides with. I mean how can you not understand this is not a rally the whole world is tuning into to see the President speak, and he's up there bitching about Hillary and the legitimacy of his presidency, who is he trying to convince, is he asking for another country to help us with our election. 
$C: The dude choose to ignore the news, the dude has car and car has radio.
$C: I have some close friends that I dread talking politics with because they support trump and “hate Obama”. Honestly, what in the fuck did he do to anyone to earn hate?? Oh he changed healthcare and how you pay for it?? Big deal. Reality is that people hate him cause he’s black...HALF at that. God forbid he looked like Wesley Snipes. 

I almost want to avoid these friends because they’re great people but I can’t wrap my head around how anyone out there can still support this fiasco! 
$C: Bingo. Trumpism is a shit sandwich consisting of unabashed racism between two slices of boldfaced lies.
$C: Or you could use this sort of opportunity to practice being calm around the deluded, and hone your ability to listen, and politely disagree. 

It hurts at first, like learning a new language, and then you level up. And in the meantime you gain insight into your political foe and find areas in which you can agree.
$C: TBF I find most news outlets biased for either side. It’s sad that we can’t get facts without the anchor adding their opinion/agenda because their ratings would be shit.

I try to flip between right and left biased outlets to get a mix of both sides. It’s amazing what one outlet leaves out, or when one plays a clip while the other reads the dialog with a different inflection.
$C: That was toxic
$C: Very mature of you and 100% the right thing to do. Nice job being an adult in that situation. It’s hard to believe that we’re at a place where you can’t even talk to people on the other side, but that’s kind of where we are now. It’s just better not to discuss it.
$C: [deleted]
$C: [deleted]
$C: That’s the thing about smart people. If you’re not well-rounded, you can still act like a fool every once in a while. If anything, their education gives some people misplaced confidence in their own abilities. It takes some humility to learn about things outside of your area of expertise. For example, see every engineer who thinks every other profession is dumb and they can do it better despite being totally clueless.
$C: They already decided they were right, so anything that says otherwise is wrong and annoying and should be ignored 
$C: Republicans make fun of people for changing their opinions over time. It’s almost like they don’t understand that that is a perfectly reasonable thing to do. When you get more information, it’s okay to change your mind. Being right all along despite not having all of the information is luck, not intelligence!
$C: Trump spinners are very good at spinning this 2 choice narrative. Don’t want kids in cages? You want open borders. Don’t want Trump to give the world to Putin and Kim Jong-Un, you want war. 
The world is not black and white and there is a middle road!

(Plus Trump has no problems dissing allied world leaders while trying to negotiate with them.)
$C: I remember the 700 club back in the late 90s and early 2000s were predicting the anti-Christ was going to come from somewhere around Eastern Europe. It got me all scared as a kid. Now we’ve got Putin controlling the string on our shit show of an executive branch and where is the 700 club now?!?! Wtf 700 club.
$C: I don't think you can generalize scoffing at trump articles as being bubbled. The many who see and skim through pro-trump media are already out of their bubbles, which is a lot more than can be said about the other side.   
    
It's also pretty reasonable to not seek out pro-trump articles. His own white house can't explain his consistent 180°s, trusting anything he says is a foolish waste. I would understand if there was a disagreement about conflicting statements about trump, but this man seems to contradict himself every week.
$C: There’s really nothing good about anything Trump does though. He has to do things that are worthy of praise. Like, I’m glad he pretends to care about China’s trade policies, but he’s doing it in all the wrong ways and I could lose my job because of it. That’s the one thing I’ve got. He’s just shit at this job. Maybe if he was less shit, we could have one good thing to bring up, but he doesn’t listen to the people around him who could help. The both sides argument doesn’t work right now because one side went off the deep end.
$C: I’m still waiting for those nukes in Iraq the same fucking people told me all about.
$C: You can watch full length, unedited videos of the Helsinki press conference on YouTube. Don’t trust the media? Take it from the man himself. You can also find statements from Coats, Pompeo, Wray and various other Trump appointees and republican senators stating there is no doubt Russia was behind the hacks and trying to influence the election in favor of Trump. 
$C: Fox News is telling them excactly what they have been indoctrinated to want to hear. Also they're neither particularly intelligen or educated.
$C: Troll
$C: You should have told Republicans sometime between 2008 and 2016.


But the appeal to your authoritarian instincts is apparent.



"Agree with whatever Great Leader says, or you are a traitor."



$C: Well, we are all subject to bias. All organizations have corruption. We are all sinners. 

That's not an excuse for a group of people who would mass murder their political opposition if they saw the opportunity.
$C: Headlines are something to ignore. You need to read articles and verify sources, and then think critically to come to an informed decision.

For starters, a president shouldn't reveal knowledge of something he only knows due to 'highly classified information'. If you were in a pro-trump thread with a fox headline, you'd ignore it to. 

Point being, they are real, and they believe you to be dumb just like you believe them to be. I think you are both right.
$C: That probably using your head! I’m not that smart! Lol
$C: It is good from a certain perspective. Those who think that our current post WW2 world order is crap will think he's great. A lot of people think that anything done with Wilson's presidency and after that are shit.

Personally I'm neutral on it, if it ends up good then that's good but it's a huge risk. Kinda hoping that the China shit ends up escalating into a proxy war or something (fingers crossed for Sri Lanka), it'd be interesting to see their military capabilities. 
$C: What has he done that makes you support him? 

I'm liking SC appointments so far. Also a fan him cracking down on illegals and starting economic warfare with China (mostly because I want a proxy war in Sri Lanka). 

Not liking the way he implemented the tax cuts, the gun comments, the way he's handling the Russia shit, nor what he's done in Syria. 

Neutral on his reshaping of FP, let's see how that turns out. I think he's doing it too haphazardly, a transition out of this world order is dangerous.

I think I'll vote for him for 2A and out of curiosity to see how the FP shit will work.
$C: Everything is heard, everything is seen. Sins dont die in the dark. 
$C: trump could just keep doing shady real estate deals and be a fake billionaire for the rest of his short life... I think the preservation of his legacy is something that would lead to treason. Being remembered as the president who peed on prostitutes would instantly destroy the identity of America's most famous rich guy turned president. 

sure there would be some people who would think the tape is doctored but with all the ties to Russia and his inexplicable romance with Putin, 90% of his supporters would believe it. 


$C: He’s got (American) people who SHOULD be telling him what to do and his decision not to do that is where that excuse flies out the window. At that point, it all rests solely on him.
$C: The cover up is always worse than the crime. 
$C: That morons continue to parrot the idea that we have no evidence whatsoever, when we have them literally confessing to it in an email?
$C: >I have no idea how the law would work if there's isn't any proof that there was ever contact connecting Trump and Russia, just his family/admin and Russia

You'd have to make the claim that Trump was a complete stooge and knew absolutely nothing about his own campaign.

You'd also have to find a way to explain away this:

https://www.cnbc.com/2018/07/19/trump-saw-evidence-putin-ordered-election-swayed-in-early-2017-report.html
$C: Lol nice rebuttal, bud.
$C: I think there’s still *a lot* that we do not know but Mueller does. More comes out every week. 
$C: I don’t know. I would be so much more skeptical of the collusion if trump didn’t compulsively back Putin. Trump has trashed talked everyone, and I mean everyone. He’s turned on his own party members, people in his own administration, he’s trashed every other political leader in the world, especially our allies, but he’s never ever said anything negative about Putin. Nothing. And he makes these comments like allowing Russia to access our intelligence files or saying he would consider Russia to bring in and question American citizens that have played roles in legislation against Russia. Sometimes I think Putin is directly ordering trump to say these things and has no care whether or not trump will gather any criticism for such things, he just wants to see how far trump will go before he gets the boot from the American people and he rolls over laughing every time nothing happens. It sounds crazy, but it really explains trump’s rhetoric on Russia more than anything else. If he wanted to shake off collusion claims, then trump would just trash talk Putin and make some shows of force with sanctions and statements. That’s how he’s dealt with every other political figure. So why not Putin?
$C: Look at his comments, its a shitshow of misinformation and bullshit.
$C: It still baffles me that one needs to register to vote. I just get a reminder in the post that i should vote. I then show up with some form of id at the voting place. (If i bring the paper they send me it just goes faster) There is also next to no waiting time. Voting takes about 20 minutes and that included getting there by walking down the street.    

I only need to register if i intent to vote either by post or from some place else then where i live. And we can even vote at a second date about a week before the actual election to allow even more people to vote. (Granted the last election had trouble with the post votes as they have been opened too early. This meant that we needed to repeat the election but it also made the process better for the next election. At least that is the hope.)
$C: Nice job falling for the propaganda and giving up.
$C: It's because feelings dictate what the president can and can't do, instead of rules and regulations, because those sure as hell aren't enforced by anybody.
$C: There's over dozens of countries that have it worse, dw. Still a 1st world country.
$C: Look up Trump's connections to Epstein and say that shit again.
$C: I’ll stand by it. Maybe you’re not paying attention to what Trump is doing to your country. This damage might last a generation or more.
$C: Is Trump not? Fudging some facts? That’s what you call this never ending lying? Wow you cult members are so ready to brainwash yourself it’s terrifying.
$C: Read some proper news outside of your KKK newsletters
$C: The obstruction of justice alone has been both blatant and egregious and should be impeachable enough as is.
$C: 1: But if there isnt anything he did wrong, it would be hard to impeach him, no?

2:Fair points you got there. I’ll have to do more research on those. Thanks
$C: I’ll check that out. Thanks
$C: Please, elaborate. Trump does yell “FAKE NEWS” all the damn time but can we really consider that treason?
$C: Yeah, they're just crossing the t's and dotting the i's before they nail Kushner for lying on security clearance applications - over and over again. 
$C: It's okay, buddy, I thought the /s was obvious 
$C: I think anyone who studies history knows it can happen to any nation :(  You never see historians say "can't happen here" lol
$C: It can't happen here. I'm telling you my dear that it can't happen heeerrree
$C: In Middletown, NJ they used to stand on route 35 every weekend and have a Trump pride rally. I haven't lived in NJ for awhile but before I left it was an every weekend thing. Banners, flags, hats, shirts, etc. It was a group of at least ten people (usually more) standing there as if they were protesting something.

Absolutely pathetic. Like, your guy won. Why do you need to spend every weekend on the highway gloating?

Edit: So I looked it up to see if they had any rallies recently and well, if anyone around Jersey has Saturday off and wants to [check this out](https://www.google.com/amp/s/patch.com/new-jersey/middletown-nj/amp/27666761/another-pro-trump-rally-planned-middletown-saturday-0) I'm sure they'll appreciate a friendly counterbalance.
$C: Welcome to America, where people have the right to be anything.
$C: I had a thought earlier but what if... what if a good majority of trump supporters won’t admit that he’s bad because they’ve supported him thus far and don’t want a “I told you so” from everyone else... and subsequently doubling down on purpose? Like to the point where they’ll throw out democracy and patriotism all together to *make sure* they’re “right” because they’re in too deep? 
$C: its contempt for those theyve been told stole their america right out from under them
$C: I'd consider them Russian agents first before they prove their stupidity.
$C: Sadly their undereducated, simplified common sense may go like this.. "Russia doesn't have an immigration problem. They have secure borders and don't let anyone f with them. Putin is a great leader = we should be more like Russia." 
$C: Stand next to them with a sign saying something like "Putin's Bitches".
$C: The exact same thing was going on for a week straight in my town last month. 
$C: [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Idiocracy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Idiocracy)
$C: [deleted]
$C: At what point does violence become a valid response? When reason is dead, what else is there to resort to?

I might just be angry at these people but a few broken bones' or even a few lives a cheap price to save democracy.
$C: While I agree with some parts of this sentiment, this "holier than thou" stance in politics is poison. I still disagree with the idea of having a two party system, but if we are going to have it, winning the other side by thinking less of them will only lower your sides chances of swaying each other.

In the end though, we have to have regular discussions, and not just think little of someone supporting the other side. We have to sway them with intelligent conversation, honest facts, and person to person interaction. 

Edit: I got doused in hate. That’s fine. Continue thinking so little of your fellow man. I’ll continue educating and actually trying to make change. 
$C: Enough. Stop with this Us v Them bullshit. You need to unite for impeachment, and you're not going to unite by taking shots at each other.


$C: It least they’re trying to make a buck off it
$C: Why dont they have common sense?
$C: [removed]
$C: They are Communist, they drank the Koolaid, and for got what team they are ON.

$C: I mean, he is totally orange, but I'm much more worried about other things
$C: Nah, that was me a few weeks ago.  My bad.
$C: “ which I've honestly haven't seen used by anyone outside of T_D for over a year now.”

I personally prefer Agent Orange

Or

Donny Moscow
$C: Really? I still see references to "the orange guy" and "the Cheeto" regularly. At this point, it's fucking ridiculous and totally unproductive.

edit: I'm super confused as to what I said that's offensive enough to get double digits downvotes here. Because I think focusing on the guys personal appearance isn't a productive way of moving forward?
$C: It's good to keep perspective at times like these. There are equally biased and ignorant subs on both sides. T_D is delusional and toxic, but take a look at r/latestagecapitalism, a sub that bans people and removes comments for offering an alternative point of view, regardelless of it's merit.

Frankly, what scares me more than anything is our country's unprecedented affinity to be divided from one another.
$C: I visit to make sure I'm telling the truth about their behavior when I describe Trump supporters. 
$C: Keep your enemies closer?  (but not literally enemies of course; t_d members are just poor brainwashed souls)
$C: That's where ~~conservatives~~ crazies go who were kicked off fox.
$C: I don’t think that there’s a denser concentration of mentally ill children than /pol/.
$C: 8chan
$C: *vomits*
$C: > Did VP mention a $400 million Clinton Foundation donation where no taxes were paid in US or Russia?

????????



[Which one are you getting that from?](https://www.google.com/search?q=400+million+to+clinton&rlz=1C5CHFA_enUS773US773&oq=400+million+&aqs=chrome.4.69i57j69i61j69i60j69i61j0l2.6975j0j4&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8)
$C: Have you done any cross checking to find the answer to your questions yourself? It seems like you have your mind already made up to be honest. It's important for everyone, regardless of politcal persuasion, to engage critically with media, especially nowadays. If you only get your news from one place, it's pretty limiting.

Just to your last question alone, about the supposed  $400 million donation, have you followed up with any new information that might shine some light on it? Do you think there may be a reason Putin is lying or over-exagerating?
$C: Not one source. 

Do you believe the lies your spreading? By the way - to the inevitable t_d brigardists: AN IMAGE WITH TEXT ON IT IS NOT A SOURCE!
$C: Something that could become a decent alternative to Reddit was completely hijacked by these morons.

What's really worrying is how much aggressive propaganda is posted there. It's literally the whole frontpage, every day, 24/7/365. Imagine how radicalized they've become after these 2 years.

And another thought: what if a foreign power is using Voat to spread propaganda among that audience? Maybe even to recruit people?
$C: Subs like r/TwoXChromosomes issued a blanket ban to all people who posted on *any* right wing subs, and there have been plenty of calls to eradicate T_D entirely. But I shouldn't argue that T_D is any less of an echo chamber, because it sort of is, just about everything seems to be now on this website. 

I do appreciate you not going to insults and actually explaining your thoughts, so I feel as though you could sort of understand my view point to an extent, I didn't always support Trump after all. I think that he poked some sort of big bee hive, and I really don't know what it is. I have never seen this much manufactured outrage in my entire life, and so many normal people (who's lives have much more to be angry about than something that doesn't affect them) express some absolute extreme hatred of the sitting president. 

It's clearly visible that something else is at play, and seeing constant, countless, repetitive articles attempting to criticize every single thing about him really blurs the lines about what is hogwash, and what we should actually fucking go out and protest. Shows I used to enjoy like Colbert are so polarized right now, only a fool would think that there is no agenda behind them; blatant propaganda that sometimes has truth to it. 

How could we 100% put our faith into sources that claimed 98% victory for clinton, or were so adamantly criticizing Trump for some ridiculous stuff (two scoops, small hands ETC.) that did not matter. 

Am I crazy for that observation? Am I racist? bigoted? Dumb? lack critical thinking? a hillbilly that *totally doesn't attend university in Vancouver*? I'm just trying to see through this. And pardon me for not making the formatting for this wall of text more exciting/ readable, its just a rambling of thoughts.
$C: /r/conspiracy was completely destroyed by the_Donald. Anyone left is an idiot or an operative. 
$C: I miss when they convinced me that Stephen Hawking died in the eighties and the alive 
Stephen Hawking was just a figurehead to distract from some conspiracy.


Since about mid 2015 it went downhill
$C: I mean, to be completely honest, there was always a sizable portion screaming "THE JEWS! IT'S THE JEWS' FAULT!", but they were every 5th or 6th post back in the day, whereas now it's just every post. 
$C: That's just not true.

/r/conspiracy has **ALWAYS SINCE IT'S INCEPTION** been run and harbored a significant amount of Nazi's. I think they had Hitler in the side bar with "The Greatest Story Never Told" (Nazi propaganda) on the sidebar at one point way before this whole Trump shit started. 
$C: Which sucks for them because the biggest conspiracy of their lives is unwinding in front of them and they are in pure denial
$C: T_D is actually not critical of Israel at all, and are banned if they are. The conspiracy sub has always been extremely critical of Israel and their influence on world events. I think that using the term Jews kind of makes them look anti-Semitic, but the sentiment is that Israel is partially responsible for 9/11 and other geopolitical tragedies. Just fyi as a frequent visitor of conspiracy.

Edit: T_D has flooded that sub though, and none of them will outwardly say they support the president. Instead they derail discussion and cross-shitpost from T_D things that no skeptics actually agree with or care about.
$C: Conspiracy theorists thrive on being anti-establishment and off the beaten path. If a legit conspiracy is plain as day and every rational member of the public acknowledges it, there’s no fun in it for the lunatics and they have to look elsewhere. 
$C: I thought the same about 4chan. Everythings become politically weaponized
$C: It's almost as if the idea of 'containment subs' is nothing but bullshit. What a surprise!
$C: /r/conspiracy has been a cesspool for much, much longer than t_d has been around.
$C: And Reddit admin refuses to do anything because “valuable discussion”
$C: It's an inevitability. A law of reddit even. Each subreddit has but three ways it can go eventually: memes, puppies and kittens, or white supremacists.
$C: [It’s not all bad](https://www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/8zr93o/today_i_asked_a_nurse_can_i_use_your_water/?st=JJS3L31A&sh=010137ba)
$C:  > Now its all "THE JEWS

That is a straight up lie. Apart from the inevitable 9/11 posts, nearly all the posts are political, the 'Jewish' ones are actually posts about Israel which is one of the biggest modern day active conspiracies and is connected to a lot of political problems.

The interesting thing to me is that you tell a lie and hundreds of people accept it without question. That is basically why r/conspiracy exists, because that is what people do.
$C: .... No one in that sub is running around shouting about the Jews... You're just making sh\*t up to make them look bad
$C: And one dude repeating that it's Obama's fault lol
$C: I mean I'm not gonna disagree with the last one but that doesn't make it okay 
$C: We all thought we were past measles too. Ignorance is winning all around us
$C: Honestly the moon landing hoax is a bit mild in comparison to some of the crazy shit they come up with. Just look at Pizzagate for instance. People nearly died because of that conspiracy theory.
$C: prolly all the russians in t_d that never got over the moon landing. too bad their n1 rocket was shit and we stole the better nazi scientists
$C: They didn’t like my conspiracy that putin is a homosexual at all. I even included the gay putin clown picture as proof. I’m still banned.
$C: The thread over there about this topic is a shit show of people trying to call nyt fake news and shift blame on to Obama. It's funny to go there sometimes to see how crazy some of them are
$C: Where's your sources? The commenter asked why people question the moon landings, and I mentioned the most popular reason. I didn't say it was right, but it is the reason why we stay in low orbit.
$C: https://youtu.be/bX3EZCVj2XA
$C: idk man, maybe not all right wing comments are some foreign government conspiracy, and they're just, you know, shitheads on the internet.  I know plenty of shitheads in real life, so this isn't much of a leap for me.
$C: I’m not insinuating she should go away. I’m flat out saying it in no uncertain terms, she should go away. 
$C: Look up to the sky
$C: The inadequate response was up to him, and he deliberately chose to move an embassy in a place that would stoke tension in the Middle East in order to gain favour among his base.
$C: The fact that he gets viewed in a _positive_ light compared to Trump is baffling enough. Bush has always been the butt of the joke, and now he's quite admired. Hell, you know you fucked up monumentally when your opposition thinks one of the historically bad presidents were better thank you
$C: [removed]
$C: [removed]
$C: > disgraceful

That's an odd stripper name.
$C: Did he actually say this? That’s abhorrent. 
$C: Jesus wasn't a Christian, he was Jewish. 
$C: What’s funny is that the religious right would condemn Jesus if he came back cause he’s brown. 
$C: Yeah but Jesus was Jewish.
$C: Jesus didn't tap.
$C: Lol
$C: They're bullies, and they can't empathize with other people... that's how.

And they think anybody who tries to pretend like they do have empathy for others is just faking it and is virtue signaling or an SJW, etc.

I've talked with people like this, in person... I know how they think.  Any white person who talks about racism against blacks is faking and is phony and pretending... Anybody who isn't homeless/poor but expresses sympathy for the homeless... same thing.  It drives them absolutely fucking crazy, because they think it's all just lies and phoniness.

  There's NO way you actually care about minorities being oppressed... everything you believe/think about racism/bigotry is a reflection of your own inability to be honest with yourself/an adult.
$C: I'm pretty sure he would point-blank let a person die if saving them meant admitting to a fault.
$C: The hero part is what came after the capture. He didnt break and give his captors anything of value, and when there was a prisoner exchange (because of his officer status and his dad being an admiral) he turned down the offer because he insisted, to the people that had him permanently crippled on the operating table, that the other Americans be allowed to go home with him.

He was tortured, including surgically, and was in that pow camp for five years, because he refused the release of only himself. He suffered for years for his refusal to be released early without his fellow americans.

If that isn't at least one of the many different forms heroism can take, then I think we might have very different value systems.
$C: [deleted]
$C: >Dodging the draft was the moral thing to do  

To reiterate /u/Orisi's point, let's not pretend for one single second there was anything moral behind Trump dodging the draft. 
$C: McCain has lifelong injuries as a result of inhumane torture by the Vietcong. He refused an early repatriation offer so that he didn't take the place of other American prisoners who were suffering the same conditions as him, *after surviving torture.*

I think youre setting the bar for a war hero pretty fucking high at that point.

Let's not even begin on the fact there wasn't a single moral consideration in Trump's draft dodge whatsoever.
$C: Exactly! He wasn't a hero, he was an honorable soldier/sailor. He was not a coward! Many thousands of POW's were the same honorable men that wouldn't leave their brothers behind like a fucking coward either!
$C: Yeah... Not to mention a few Israeli spies, un doubtedly some of ours and the EU. I'm willing to bet none of Putin's or Duerte, or Kim, Erdagon, or whatever other dictator's dicks he's gobbled.
$C: Here you go.

https://theintercept.com/2018/03/21/jared-kushner-saudi-crown-prince-mohammed-bin-salman/

And

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/2017_Saudi_Arabian_purge
$C: Honestly just google it. I don't remember enough to give anything more. I think it was like 60 people that were murdered or disappeared.
$C: What has Trump actually done?    Or rather, what hasn't he done that you think he should have done?
$C: Thats russias MO. To disrupt the west. 
$C: Every EU country have probably been targeted by the russians.
$C: > Italy and Spain

How do you get to Carnegie Hall?
$C: And attempts at a coup in Montenegro. 
$C: That phrase is overly simplistic. When the circumstances are dire enough, we allow all sorts of shit morally, ethically, and legally. We allow murder in self defense or the defense of another legally, and most folks wont claim that there is a moral wrong in a self defense killing. Lying to a treasonous commander in chief in order to save the western world isn't an unforgivable sin by any stretch.
$C: Oops, sorry wrong letters.
$C: They will. You should never look to the cia for a saviour. Its the organization that has spent decades torturing, drugging, and experimenting on American citizens. They are not, have never been, or ever will be on our side.
$C: So you think we should declare war with Russia rather than try to solve the problem diplomatically?
$C: I think you make a lot of good points
$C: That was my only thought, but if they are already killing that guy they have to be pretty confident they know he is a spy and probably have an idea of who his compatriots might be. Right?

Putin seems like the kind of guy who would just kill everyone suspicious. 
$C: Sad but true
$C: God damn. I was just making a jaded assumption here. Didn't know it was already likely.
$C: [removed]
$C: I worded my original badly for only show watchers, but the answer is Yes, but in that jokey way.  If I am remembering correctly: >!There are two reeks in the books, Theon being the second trained as a replacement in much the same way as in the show.  The original was grosser because he trained the Bastard when he was younger (he was eventually eclipsed in brutality).  He also apparently had horrific and impossible to remove body odor, hence the nickname Reek!<

Anyways, I recommend the books if you don't mind lots of reading, they are pretty fun.  The audio books are great and can be had for free if your library has them or you can buy them if you are a bitcoin millionaire.
$C: It's been a little while and it's jumbled with the show so, what did I miss?
$C: You know things are bad when the intelligence community is opposed to an authoritarian right winger
$C: Whats the alternative? 
$C: That's some kind of plus ultra ellipsis, would you like some more dots there captain dot. 
$C: am i invading your safe space? ive been on reddit a lot longer than you pal
$C: Do you have any idea how many spies are in every country all the time ?

Seriously maybe Germany should randomly indict some American military intelligence officers for when the NSA was caught spying on their chancellor 2 years ago.  Thats the equivalent of Muellers indictments, he hasn't even posted evidence to the court.  I eagerly await the trials.

The one Russian troll corporation which showed up in court to file a not guilty plea completely spun his team. https://www.politico.eu/article/judge-rejects-muellers-request-for-delay-in-russian-troll-farm-case/
$C: if you dont care pick another hobby so we can be friends instead of hating me for no reason
$C: No, see that’s the thing about many conservatives in America, government is awful and useless with the exception of everything they like about it. When it’s needed or convenient those examples you gave weren’t examples from “their side”, those were examples of “the government” lying. 
$C: So next time, if you think "How the hell people could support dictatorships when they were clearly working against their own country and own people" now you know the answer. Lies lies everywhere. People are rather disregarding reality so they don't have to accept that they were wrong.
$C: Gives me serious Red Guard vibes.
$C: As of late; indictments. 
$C: Also, Mario climbing stairs in Bowser's castle.
$C: The Batmobile (in battle mode) does it too in Arkham Knight.
$C: Fun fact - Hans Zimmer recreates this sound device in his scores in Dunkirk!
$C: >  I don't think his family got murdered - although I don't know that now.

Very insightful speculation.
$C: I sit corrected. There are two court cases in Federal Court. I miss spoke and thought the one in Virginia was a State Court case.
$C: It was until yesterday
$C: As soon*

As in “they would just as soon do this as they would do that”

But I think the more accurate term would be “prefer” in this case.
$C: America is probably the worst when it comes to campaigning. There is still no limit on the amount of spending, and with this new non-disclosure law, not only can parties and politicians make off like thieves, but they’ve clearly always been so fucking compromised in the past that they’ve decided to shut down any prying eyes. 
$C: 501-c(3) Organizations that receive tax benefits or breaks from governments still need to disclose their donor list. All organizations still need to maintain their donor lists for auditing should congress request it, or it be subpoenaed, they just dont have to submit it constantly unless there is a possibility of a conflict of interest. The information is still available.

The impetus for the bill was the list being used by the IRS under obama to target GOP and conservative donors, which people like to conveniently forget.
$C: Well, it's not really the RED scare since the USSR fell. Russian flag is Red White and Blue just like ours is now. 
$C: The Red Scare was actually referring to republicans all along......
$C: Probably something along the lines of protecting people who donate. That way they can't be punished for who they give money to, or pressured to give money to a certain group, because unless they're the ones with access to the list they can't prove they aren't already on it. IDK, I'm generally more for transparency personally
$C: If this isn't a copypasta an you've just made that story up yourself, then all props to you, my friend.
$C: ok what do I do
$C: I also recommend we look through this religiously also.  The vast support for Trump is from evangelicals, they are his base.  We have radicalized evangelicals using God to justify this bigotry on a massive scale, skewing their sense of 'personal freedoms', and the servitude of God..  Conservatives, whether they like it or not, have become the white christian fascist party.  Time to get off that ride, fellas.

Edit: all your personal freedoms get wiped out once fascism spreads.  Ironic
$C: What led you to turn away from those viewpoints you once held?  I ask not out of malice, but genuine curiosity as your experience seems like a relative rarity.  I see more and more people stating that they can't even have reasonable conversations with people who hold opposing opinions; this seems to be leading to serious, systemic divisions in modern societies.
$C: My only regret is that I have but one upvote to give you
$C: Yyyyyyeeeehs.
$C: Much better
$C: check out *The Loudest Voice In the Room* by Gabriel Sherman. It’s a fantastic read.

It’s about Roger Ailes, the man responsible for FOX NEWS. Did you know he left his son some gold and a note telling him to buy a gun and head for Canada when shit hits the fan...
$C: Rebuttation
$C: Thank you. You are what is known as a patriot.
$C: You talk about "they" like half the country agrees with that sentiment
$C: #Fuck the Democrats

Oh, no, will this comment attract downvotes from upset lefties on reddit?!
$C: If someone truly and firmly believes what was posted...yeah, it kinda is.  It went beyond a comical generalization and went with a ridiculous, lengthy, crude blanket label.
$C: Go team

$C: Moreso r/allhopeislost or maybe r/prohumanextinction.

Vote for whoever you want in 2020. Nothing will *ever* change for the better, and the best political decision anyone can make is to just lie down and wait for death.
$C: I'll shut up when literally anything remotely good for humanity at large comes out of some jackass in a suit.

It will *literally never happen.*
$C: It would be funny if it wasn’t so sad, how equally you’re entrenched into your belief system as they are into theirs. You’re so certain that you’re right about everything and you have it all figured out and that’s a massive problem. Look at the echo chamber this thread has become. It’s hysteria in the truest sense of that word. I could qualify my statements here by saying that I’m definitely not with Trump and I hate what he has done to the party, but it wouldn’t matter. I’m not a liberal so no matter what, to everyone here I’m **a cancer to the planet** lmao keep crying guys.
$C: Wouldn't the world be watching though? I can't see myself wanting to bring in a neighbor that needs a room in my home because he/she decided to torch the shit out of their own.  


Then again, money talks...
$C: [Exhibit A](https://static01.nyt.com/images/2017/01/21/us/21live14/21live14-superJumbo.jpg)
$C: At least. 
$C: And many more are correct about things on accident.
$C: bOtH pARtiEs aRe tHe sAMe
$C: >Taliban and Al-Qaeda

Spent much of their lives in military training. That was the entire problem - we trained them to fight an insurgent war against the Soviets, and it came back to bite us in the ass. Citizens of the US do not have that kind of training.
$C: Haha come onnn dude...
$C: So not even Knights of the Round?
$C: You sound like you really want this to happen. 
$C: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/elections/russians-penetrated-u-s-voter-systems-says-top-u-s-n845721

https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/elections/russians-penetrated-u-s-voter-systems-says-top-u-s-n845721
$C: Why are none of your protests actually disruptive?
$C: Final counts put the actual Neo-Nazi numbers in the 100s, with the counter protestors dwarfing that. Idk why people keep running with the estimated numbers from before the event, but multipul times the amount of counter protestors in an event with less than 1000 people (even counting left wing and unaffiliated millitia members as armed alt-right) isn't good evidence the right is ready to roll out riots and kill everyone. 


That's the kind of thing a Russian troll would want you to believe if they wanted to spark violence. 
$C: Trump has shrunk the power if the executive branch through being as idiotic as he has been and has effectively done less damage to me personally than Obama did with the ACA soooo... Yeah. House is on fire either way, and thanks to Obama I may be dead before it burns down. 

Also, the GOP in general isn't working for Russia. They care about monied interests. 
$C: With sure rational arguments it's a wonder why I would vote for getting decent judges confirmed instead of with the party that made my health insurance deductible unpayable right when I started getting major health problems. 

The GOP isn't stupid and as scummy as it is, impeaching before the midterms hurts their chances while also weakening their case as Mueller isn't even done gather it yet. 

But yes, fuck me is such a strong argument I just *have* to vote for the party who put 10x the amount of political capital behind banning all semi-auto handguns than Medicare for all or marriage equality. 
$C: Not a liberal, dawg.
$C: oh boy.
$C: Hi myfotos. It looks like your comment to /r/worldnews was removed because you've been using a link shortener. Due to issues with spam and malware we do not allow shortened links on this subreddit.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/worldnews) if you have any questions or concerns.*
$C: He felt more confident because big strong daddy was there to encourage him.
$C: Did Obama need McConnell to take any action? Was there nothing Obama could do without congress on the matter? With how this whole thing has turned out it seems like a president should be raising hell over something like this. 
$C: Yeah. It's kinda sorta over for you guys now, sorry to say it. Too dumb, too divided, too distracted, too greedy, too insane and unhinged. In 30-50 years America will just basically be Idiocracy, a kind of joke country that the sharper more unified countries like China laugh at and exploit the resources of. It will be run (more than it is now) by corporations, the people kept stupid (more than they are) and the smart ones will simply crack the shits and leave.

But it feels like there is a huge civil war about to take place there. Just a hunch, and I hope it doesn't come to that. But you got a lot of stupid, hateful people programmed up and ready to rock, with high access to powerful firearms.
$C: They'll pretend they never supported him, like Nixon's supporters did after he resigned.
$C: I assumed he meant using police resources to look up her address. Then go do it. But I don't have a clue if that's illegal, probably just frowned upon.
$C: This isn’t about Korean reunification this is about Korea no longer posing a threat to the modern world. They used to be all anybody talked about, now they’re nothing.
$C: >  They'd get Pence for 2 years

Unless Pence goes down, too. And whoever's behind him, and so on. I wouldn't be surprised if the whole administration is criminally corrupt all the way down to the roots. 
$C: A sizeable portion of Trumps base are people who don't turn out to vote usually but are now the loudest section of the party and have alienated the more moderate section of the party to the point where they have left. If the GOP boots trump they lose his base which comprised the faustian bargain they made for pushing away their more moderate faction. If the GOP boots trump now they will lose his base of nutjobs on top of the portion that left already leaving their party in pieces
$C: They will turn on a dime when Fox/Breitbart/conservative radio tell them to. Just like they turned on the FBI. 
$C: You’re probably right. But it’s a chance they’d have to be willing to take. Trump is an idol and celebrity to that group.
$C: It takes a dummy to convince a dummy. Establishment Republicans are scared that sane voters will take the mistake of electing Trump out on them if they *admit* it was a mistake, but the people who still like Trump will go on to elect President Joseph Arpaio.
$C: Trump's base isn't excited for the Republican party, they're excited for *Donald Trump.*  I'm not trying to spin this into something sinister, as Obama was elected (and Hillary not) by pretty much the same scenario.  Both Presidents appealed to a group that traditionally votes for that party (young, educated liberals for Obama, uneducated rural whites for Trump), but has low turnout for actual votes.  Neither made that particular base vote in an unusual direction, but they showed up in unusual numbers. 

The people who enthusiastically voted for Obama didn't all show up and vote for Hillary.  The same will be true of Trump supporters once Trump is no longer on the ballot.
$C: This is where I'm at, too.  Trump voters are literally the only reason phone scams are a thing.  They will believe anything they are told by anyone they think can offer them something and who doesn't immediately offend them. And they seem to have the attention-span and memory of an Alzheimer's patient. They're a corrupt politician's wet-dream.
$C: Some were Obama voters. They might lose them but I feel they probably already have. Of his rabid supporters I don’t think they’d lose them to dems but they may not get them to come out and vote in the midterms or next election in the same numbers. 
$C: Seriously. Every time one of their own is taken down, they say "Well he was just an exception. But all the rest, they're great!"
$C: They literally think Putin is a better ally than the Democrats.  There is zero reason to believe they would do anything but vote R.
$C: They aren't stupid.... They know the repub party is milking them for votes... The repub party didnt even consider trump worthy of consideration. 
$C: They are literally dumb enough that Trump could go down for all of this and they would still write him in for next election. 
$C: I mean yes they'd still vote republican, but they wouldnt be voting for the republicans that voted to impeach.  Their goal is to get themselves re-elected before they worry about their party winning.
$C: Because "abortion is murder", "dems want to take our guns away", and "we do not want to be socialist." 
$C: Let’s not let our emotions cloud our judgement. Both of these leaders appeal to an entirely different set of people.
$C: They’d lose a part of it. In my experience (I’m centrist btw) there are two types of Republican now: those who’s only source of “news” is Fox (or another equally biased right-wing station), and those who stay informed and legitimately have an understanding of politics. The “zombies” would stay, because to them Trump would be a martyr. Even though their own party impeached their news station would spin it and blame the liberals, and they’d believe it.  Or they’d find a fall guy. The Republicans with brains would feel betrayed and would leave, however. Some of them at least. They would probably still be conservatives but not Trump fanatics. And that is too many votes for the GOP to risk. 
$C: Part of the Russian-election-machine was indoctrinating millions of people to see Trump as the one man who can do what they need.  So /u/OctavianX is definitely spot on here IMHO.
$C: >they'll be dumb enough to be able to be convinced to vote for the next Republican, too.

Sean Hannity 2020? Michael Cohen as his VP?
$C: Lol.  
$C: It wouldn't take much to convince those people to eat one of their own. A month of propaganda claiming Trump is a deep state plant that's been working with Bernie and Obama to create a socialist super state in North Korea and they'd be shouting for his head. 
$C: Fear. Fear will keep their majority in place...
$C: Or Hillary was such an awful choice they were forced to vote against her. 
$C: Hannity Palin 2020
$C: > These people were dumb enough to be convinced to vote for Trump and they'll be dumb enough to be able to be convinced to vote for the next Republican, too.



Such a fundamental misunderstanding of Trump's base I don't know where to begin

$C: I agree many voted trump because of party lines and will again, or because it's "not Hillary"
$C: I voted republican! I don’t think I’m dumb :)
$C: Half your country was daft enough to vote for Hillary.

Edit: sorry I overstated, “less than half.”
$C: Are we dumb for questioning this? For example, what exactly were the “complex cyber attacks that swayed the American election?” The article only mentions the DNC/Podesta email leaks - which isn’t even proven, but if it was, is revealing what our elected officials are doing privately really “hacking an election?” Plus the DNC didn’t allow the FBI to examine their servers after the hack, and Podesta’s password was literally “password.” 

The only actual electoral interference that the DOJ charged russians with were the $45,000 in Facebook ads and the “Tenn GOP” fake twitter account, right? Are we really the dumb ones here?
$C: They would vote for different people in the primaries. It would be the Tea Party again, which cost Boehner (former GOP speaker of the house) his job a few years ago.
$C: It's not that they'd switch.  They won't vote at all.  Wouldn't take many staying home to flip swing states and other close elections. 
$C: It's a lot of those people drifting away and not voting at all that the GOP is afraid of.
$C: It's not that they'd vote liberal.  It's that they wouldn't show up to vote at all. 
$C: If they just don't show up to vote for anyone that can swing a lot of close elections, including the Presidency.
$C: They won't vote. 
$C: If they just don't show up to vote for anyone that can swing a lot of close elections, including the Presidency.
$C: They won't vote for anyone.  That's what the GOP is scared of.
$C: The guy *barely* squeaked by with an electoral victory in 2016, amidst very high Democratic apathy, and lost the popular vote by over 3 million. His presidency has been an unceasing dumpster fire since day 1. He's never surpassed a 45% approval rating. I find a landslide reelection scenario extremely unlikely.
$C: If Dems take the midterms you will 100% get Trump blaming Russian "meddling."
$C: I think Putin insisted on this meeting knowing Trump would come out looking bad. He timed it to stir shit up ahead of the midterms. His goal isn't to support Trump as much as it is to further divide the American people. If Trump gets impeached, his rabid base loses their minds and does god knows what and US loses even more credibility on the world stage for having actually impeached and convicted a president for the first time in the nation's history. How do we recover from that? Even though getting rid of him is critical, the waters will still be extremely rocky afterwards and the country will have a long road to reconstruction and rebuilding relationships, standing, respect, and soft power on the world stage. 
$C: Not tin-foil, absolutely expected
$C: None of this is new. There have been massive issues being revealed on a nearly weekly basis, many times by Trump himself. This isn't an attempt to change the midterm elections. This is a corrupt president.
$C: It’s very unlikely the Dems take the midterms given the map. 
$C: I was thinking that maybe if it endangers the mid terms than if the Rs win the mid terms they go for impeachment anyways, saying the found something new that makes the evidence too strong. They then use the 2 years between mid terms and Presidential election to try to restore faith in the party.
$C: Nothing tinfoil about it. The investigation started because Trump fired Comey. Right now is about the time when the news starts coming out. And honestly, the worst stuff probably won't come out until Trump is almost out of office.
$C: Dems can't take the senate in any meaningful way, iir there are 20 dem seats and 8 republican up for grabs. It would be a long shot for them to get the majority.
$C: At this point,I refuse to count anything as impossible.


$C: Honestly I think that's the point. Republicans WANT to lose. Get a democracy majority, let them get rid of Trump, knowing they have entered got enough of a spine to go after the entire GOP, halfheartedly fight to keep him, and then lament him being removed and use it as a talking point come 2020 to try and get the same turnout for their next pick, to "show the democrats we won't be dragged down like that."

They need the actual illusion of an attack on themselves in the large scale in order to move the greater deprivation of liberty forward another notch.
$C: > Isn't it peculiar this shit is coming before the midterms?

Nah; it's coming right after the Great Helsinki Sell-Out

$C: It's been coming for 2 years. Not just now for the midterms. This is not a conspiracy to influence these elections but a natural progression. 
$C: > Isn't it peculiar this shit is coming before the midterms

Not really, it would be surprising if the mainstream media and CIA/“intelligence community” *wasn’t* pushing massive amounts of anti-Trump hysteria right now.
$C: GOP will gain 10 House seats and 5 in the Senate. 
$C: Figure it out soon. You posted it on Reddit so someone else is gonna do it now.
$C: I've seen that on a bumper sticker before, with an image of Bernie Sanders
$C: I'm sure you'll figure it out in 2021.
$C: He has ~90% approval among Republicans in pretty much all credible polling
$C: Notice I was talking about (1) primaries and (2) killing enthusiasm

Voters can certainly be motivated to replace you with another party member or just not be motivated to show up to keep you in office when you do things they don't like
$C: He has approval among Republicans of around 90%. Now that's pretty standard for a Republican, but it's also pretty standard for a Republican elected official to be really popular among Republicans
$C: Depends. If the Democrats select a celebrity for their nominee they'll probably lise
$C: Not really. In most polling Trump's approval among Democrats is at best 10% and usually less while his approval among Republicans is at around 90%
$C: I'm fairly confident that's the plan. He's gonna get dumped for 2020. 
$C: Not *any* Republican, the base keeps kicking out any Republican critical of Trump. Just look at the Republican primaries all across the country. They're tripping over themselves to declare their allegiance to Trump and [God help you if you don't.](http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2018/06/13/ousted-trump-bashing-rep-mark-sanford-acknowledges-his-political-career-is-likely-over.html)

It's the Party of Trump now, 100%.
$C: No gaslighting is manipulation. Say someone does something ridiculous. You call them out on in. They respond like "Nah, didn't happen. Quit making things up". Repeat until you start questioning whether you actually did make it up. Which is something Trump does on almost a daily basis (Fake news! Sad.), but not really what's happening here. The GOP base just simply does not care that a hostile power is attacking the US, and almost entirely because that hostile power is superficially on their side.
$C: Clinton lied about his private sex life.  Trump has been lying about a hostile foreign power undermining American democracy.  There is no moral equivalency between the two.
$C: “And every time Trump’s claims were challenged, even by legitimate, trusted news writers, he claimed fake news and his supporters *ate it up.*

“America hasn’t seen a cult of personality like Trump’s in its history. The closest comparison, and it’s almost cliche to compare the two, but it’s reminiscent to how the public was swayed by Hitler’s energetic and fiery speeches in the late 30’s.”
$C: Ageein and ageein
$C: “What does that *look like?*”
$C: “*Boom.*”
$C: “End quote.”
$C: Absolutely.

Heck, he should start working on it now.
$C: That should cover the first month of this administration.
$C: And every minute is freaking gold.
$C: You might be mixing the Carlin’s up. Dan Carlin says heck instead of hell.
$C: I think you are confusing George Carlin with Dan Carlin which is what I have been doing this week everytime I see Dan Carlin mentioned.
$C: Sounds good to me! Would listen. 
$C: Isnt that George?
$C: Shit, piss, fuck, cunt, cocksucker, motherfucker, and tits.
$C: “To hell with you, Old Man—we’re eating fish!”

$C: [Carlin did an episode of Joe Rogan's podcast where he went into that.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ceItMiYZe9Y) The gist is that it's so far removed from anything he has seen before that he feels (or at least felt back in November 2017) that he can't properly cover it with the same authority with which he covers other periods and subjects. I'm in the same boat as you, Common Sense is exactly the kind of podcast we need right now, but I get his reasoning. 

Also one of the best episodes of Rogan's podcast. He's what I wish conservatives were capable of being and it's a really great discussion about his personal politics. 
$C: I saw that these were on his site, but hadn't checked them out yet. Thanks for the background. Hopefully he'll step it up. You'd think he we be all over weighing in on Trump if he's doing current events. Must be trying to walk a tightrope of staying apolitical.
$C: Blueprint was amazing. I just started the latest one about the Japanese perspective during WWII. It's incredible how the he takes the context back to the 12th century. That kind of context is what would be interesting with Trump/Putin: take it back to pre-cold war and Trump and Putin's grandparents and upbringing and all the political and global socioeconomic factors going on over that timeline.
$C: [This happened a while back](https://i.imgur.com/5BsjJq9.jpg)
$C: [I mean, it really doesnt need it](http://imgur.com/mcNxJ7N.jpg) ( from /r/evilbuildings )
$C: He's the man in black trying to gain control of the lot with the rose growing in it. Ugh.
$C: The OJ Simpson trial was an entire season of a show. This would be like 10. We’re not even done yet 
$C: I can't wait for the Scaramuchi spinoff.
$C: And weirdly Nick Fury still shows up to ask Trump some questions about the Russians. 
$C: Like WWII movies have The Kings Speech
$C: Don’t forget the prequels of him fucking  people over for a few decades prior to all of this 
$C: Impressive length
$C: He pronounces it “Ivanka.”
$C: Start sending him tweets that some how include the words 'my precious' so those words get stuck in his head, he might say that next time when meaning to say 'Putin'
$C: The answer is obvious: Hillary Clinton. 
$C: This is exactly why Trump doesn't want to testify to Muller.  If he testifies he's going to say something veritably false, without a doubt.
$C: The lie was stupid, the question did not pertain to the actual investigation, only came up after 11 investigations of the prosecutor desperately digging for *any* dirt they could find, and wasn't even a lie in the context of the court iirc, where "sexual relations" was strictly defined by the prosecution.

Put trump under oath and we'll get hundreds of lies that are actually relevant, especially in context, and after only one investigation.
$C: "No, barebacking a porn star is as alpha as you can get!"

"At least, I imagine so, considering all those hateful bitches are too stupid and stuck up to date me."

-Braincelapotamuses
$C: so is cheating at monopoly. cheating on your wife or at board games is separate from the duties of the Presidency, though. creating a workplace environment where superiors are sleeping with people in their chain of command isn't. 
$C: We know the names of 12 russian intelligence officials. 

>Russian "hackers" have been alledged to be russian military officers. We got pizza gate and "hillary used her personal email for work" while trump got to tweet wikileaks 137 times and chant lock her up [Source](https://www.justice.gov/file/1080281/download).  
$C: In a civilized life, law floats in a sea of ethics. - Earl Warren 
$C: Expert on what constitutes a mental illness over here.

/r/selfawarewolves
$C: I see what you mean, but if you look at his history, he only did it today, after this news broke. Which suggests he either just wants to get a 'tl;dr' out to everyone quickly, to raise awareness because people don't read articles as much OR he's doing it for Karma. It doesn't look like a concerted effort at propaganda in my opinion.
$C: [deleted]
$C: I'm so sorry. That's awful.
$C: Time to cut the fat then
$C: You don't still use Facebook for news???
$C: Why even  bother?
$C: Get a new newsfeed. 
$C: You gotta move!
$C: You are on the frontlines. Stay strong.
$C: Life without Facebook is markedly improved.
$C: They should all get the bullet. Or at least forced re-education if they want to remain a U.S. Citizen. 
$C: Someone tried to use this exact argument on me earlier today. This line of "reasoning" is still alive and well among those types.
$C: Locker room treason
$C: He could, but he isn't.
$C: Wait, now was *that* a joke or?
$C: It's not about being funny, it's that the idiots who support this traitor have blurred the line between obvious satire and a "serious viewpoint".
$C: well at least the 🇺🇸economy🇺🇸 is at an all time high and we all are safe 🇺🇸😎🇺🇸
$C: His comment was sarcasm too lol. Making fun of treason as if everyone commits treason every so often 
$C: >family values
$C: The 'amirite?' makes me feel that he is joking, but I'm never too sure nowadays.
$C: 70% sure that it's a joke. 
$C: Nope. I take these issues seriously and I see people making jokes constantly.

Otherwise, I’m a chill, swell guy. 

Don’t take it personally, I’m venting at a pattern I see that I feel should cease. 

Edit: and for clarity, you again did what I’m talking about. Canned, scripted sounding, karma getting, insincere comments - you gave me the tired “I bet you’re fun at parties” line, but I appreciate you ramping it up a bit. 

These people are coming at us with knives drawn, can we not put our pinkies down as we sip tea and try to feign civility? 
$C: totally forgot about this. who resigned?
$C: The laws requiring electors to vote based on the states vote should be unconstitutional, although IANAL so I could very well be missing something obvious.   I don’t know if they’ve ever been challenged.  I can tell you if the electoral popular vote commitment passes (where enough states to make 270 electoral votes commit to cast their votes to the popular vote winner), there will *surely* be major challenges from the GOP...I’m hopeful that legislation has been adamantly vetted.  
$C: yeah let's just let a group of 500 some random citizens determine the election, because fuck the popular vote!
$C: In all seriousness, we should give it a little time. Nixon's near-impeachment took quite a while, and the equivalent of the Mueller Investigation took a decade. Even if Trump serves a full four years, I have faith most of the people involved will face justice eventually, especially since as you point out the crimes are much more severe.

As to the Clinton comparison - that whole thing was blatant partisan politics from the start. So much so that by the time it was done, Clinton's approval ratings had actually *increased*. 
$C: clinton actually was impeached, not "almost."  impeachment means the house of representatives voted to indict the president.  once this happens, the senate conducts a trial, and the chief justice of the united states is the presiding officer.  clinton was not convicted at this trial (you need at least 2/3 votes of present senators -- usually 67 -- to convict).
$C: Watergate was in 1972, Nixon was impeached in 1974. This scandal goes much deeper than that one, too.
$C: Clinton was a dem lol
$C: No. Find a list of Congressional Democrats actually voting for impeachment. It's shorter than you'd like. By 130 names. [Source](http://thehill.com/blogs/floor-action/house/363645-the-nearly-60-dems-who-voted-for-impeachment)
$C: There will now forever be doubt on a future president, and it will be ammo both parties with use against one another. 
$C: Dont you have to produce bananas to be a banana republic? Hawaii and Florida aren't really big producers, but I know what we do produce a lot of. 

We're a High Fructose Corn Syrup republic. 
$C: Our system is built in such a way that effective protests are hard to do. Our healthcare is linked through our jobs, paid time off is a rarity, jobs don't pay well enough for the vast majority of Americans to have enough in savings to go even a week without working.  I don't think it was intentionally molded to be what it is today to suppress votes and protests, but that's what it's doing
$C: Three reasons that I can think of:

1. Fatigue. It's been a slow(ish) build up of Trump politics. Starting with him going on constant rants against Obama in 2009, or sooner, we've watched and fought against this reality for almost 10 years, yet here we are.

2. Many people are openly in favor of Trump and / or completely, blindly follow the Republican party because a large percentage of our voters, on both sides, are "single issue" voters (abortion, taxes, sexuality, gender issues)

3. Hillary was a fairly weak candidate. Definitely qualified, but really couldn't build the excitement like Obama could. I don't think many people walked away proud voting for Clinton. Also, there was a lot of internal anger with how the DNC handled Bernie Sanders which further eroded support. 
$C: If it continues like this, you won't have great healthcare either way... it's not like dictatorships want their citizens to be incredibly healthy. That's more of a democracy thing.
$C: We have had massive protests... The march in London last week was, at the largest estimate I've seen, 250k. The women's March in 2017 with upwards of 1 million in DC alone. And there were sister marches in almost every major city in the US.
$C: There have been a lot of protests against Trump in the US in the past two years.   And a lot of the protesting has been at least somewhat effective.   For example, all the protests and public outcry about the family separation stuff that Trump ordered ICE to do cause Trump to back down and reverse the policy within a month.   And all the protests and outcry and letter writing campaigns ect against the Republican plan to kill the ACA helped create enough political pressure on members of Congress that the Republicans in the end weren't able to pass anything.   

Honestly part of the problem is that anti-Trump protests have become so common that lots of them don't even get much news coverage anymore.
$C: Yes!!!!!
$C: Because while all the yelling cursing shaming feel good, nothing substantial would come of it. Unless of course you meant violent protest. Then yes, it would make ourself heard. But hey, we gotta be peaceful while the president of the United States selling our country out. 
$C: The South Koreans(workaholics) recently got rid of their corrupt leader now asset stripped and in prison, with relentless peaceful persistent protest, called the candlelight revolution. Millions took to the street every single evening after work, whilst those who could kept it going during the day. 

Apathy is one hell of a drug, probably best to check what is being added to the water at this point. 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2016%E2%80%9317_South_Korean_protests

https://www.nytimes.com/2017/09/14/opinion/south-korea-social-mobility.html
$C: Who said the UK put on a bigger protest against him then we did? There where literally riots in cities all over the US after he got elected
$C: wtf are you talking about? stop conflating things.
$C: Jefferson suggested that. I don't know of any other founders who agreed.
$C: I have been thinking this exact thing.

$C:  Plan C is what Russian agents are actively working towards.   
$C: "C is for Cut off their Heads?"
$C: We have become too content, lazy, partisan, and worried about hurt feelings to actually do anything. If this shit happened 150 years ago he would have been hanging from a tree the day after the news broke. The founding fathers are rolling in their graves right now.
$C: Alright everyone in the pile.... 
$C: Plan C was made when all anyone had was muskets. Man, tanks weren’t even invented when they came up with Plan C. 
$C: No one wants to say what Plan C is about but i have a good guess.

Educating US citizens.
$C: Crying on reddit ? That's all they seem to do really. A general strike ffs, we learned that on the other side of the atlantic decades ago
$C: At this point, Trump’s all they’ve got left. They’ve been shown to be the bigoted, vile, treacherous people that they are in front of the entire planet. If Trump goes down, then their one solace - the fact that a person in power actually shares their base beliefs- goes down with him. They can’t turn on Trump because once he’s gone, it’ll be back into the woodwork. They’ll be silenced, once again and their biggest fear is the world moving on without them.
$C: its cute that you americans believe this. you know the government controlls the army? the 2nd amendment is a historical curiosity, nothing more.
$C: The 22nd amendment was passed nearly ten years after FDR kicked it.
$C: It had been a well respected precedent. It's like when Captain Kirk disobeys the prime derective and saves the world; you're glad he did 
it, but you hope no one else ever does it again, including him.
$C: FDR wasn't strengthening the country.
$C: I totally agree. I think that Trump could annex this country to Russia and Republicans wouldn't do a goddamn thing as long as it stops Dems from being elected to office.
$C: I mean. I'm with you on voting, but if we as american citizens actually had the will, we could flood the streets of DC with millions of people, refuse to stay in approved protest zones, and bring the city to a grinding halt. If we had crowds of millions surrounding the white house and congress and refused to go anywhere until they acted, we just might be able to shame the republicans into doing something. The problem is most americans aren't angry enough yet.
$C: What's to stop the midterms being tampered with by the Russians or some other foreign party?

Especially since it seems that such an offense would be quietly covered up by the republican party anyway.  
$C: I am not even American, but I hope you succeed. Good for you guys for having this campaign. 
$C: There's an excellent Economist article about these midterms, and they show a graph of 10 000 simulations run on the outcome. To show how fucked up the voting system is in the US, only 0.1% of the time did Republicans win both the popular vote and the majority of seats in the legislature. 99.9% of the time Democrats won the popular vote, but only 60% of that do they win the majority of seats. There are many more democratic voters concentrated in urban areas and republicans in rural areas only have small majorities, plus gerrymandering means that the US system of electing politicians needs serious reform.
$C: Or even a red or mixed midterm who is willing to actually do their job and uphold the laws and constitution would do the trick. Any color combination at all that actually did what is in their job description would approve impeachment unless there is some pretty amazing, unbelievable bit of information the general public doesn’t have access to that justifies Trump. And at this point that’s just not possible.
$C: You can force them to act. Fill the streets. Gridlock cities. Grind the enitre american economy to a halt. He'll be out the next day as people in congress lose billions in dollars each day.
$C: I have a feeling the GOP knows they are screwed and are going to do everything in their power to cancel the results of the next election. You guys are a one party state that pretends to be a democracy. 
$C: I would, but they banned me for politely discussing my opinions.
$C: Who is to say that the Russians won't meddle in those elections? What if all the Dems win and then trump says hey that's not valid cuz Russia meddled in *these* elections. 



If we do end up taking the truth as the truth saying the 2016 election was not valid, will that automatically undo all the damage he's done in his 2 years in? 


$C: Yes, let's have this madness continue for four months, just to vote, see that the elections were indeed rigged and then? Complain about how we don't have enough support by the government to be able to protests? I think you're dreaming if you think voting in November will change anything.
$C: Yes, that's literally it.

You're encountering the limitations of the system. The US government is set up to smoothly handle a lot of types of political abuse — but it's *not* set up to handle the level of sheer partisanship you've got now. The whole "checks and balances" concept assumes the different parts of government are opposing each other, not in each other's pockets.
$C: Yes. These are the only legal means set forth in our constitution to remove a president from office.

Edit: I believe I was wrong, there is a way that involves his cabinet declaring him unfit, but it still ends up with a vote in the Senate that requires a 2/3 majority, so that seems incredibly unlikely to happen.
$C: Yes, we have to take it, but we do,t have to take it nicely!
$C: It was a gradual process of cutting education, controlling court appointments, fomenting division amongst americans around topics like guns/immigrants/terrorism, and rulings like Citizens United flooding in lobby money from both local and international interests. That's why it's important to remember to put the blame on ALL the people responsible and not just the figurehead if we want to fix it.
$C: There's the 2018 midterms. If anything motivates a change in the house majority, it's trump.
$C: What the American public can do is punish the republicans for selling out the country. NEVER voting republican again.
$C: I never made any excuses. I just said it took a while. I never said why.
$C: >Ah, the old Qaddafi maneuver.

Or Mussolini. Or Ceaușescu. Or Caligula. 

A lot of tyrants die peacefully in bed, but at least *some* of them come to messy ends at the hands of their own people.
$C: There is nothing I can do about it. So what is the point of caring? 
$C: That would be almost impossible to verify. The point of THIS story is that we can verify there is a certain amount of information that he has known about and publicly lied about.
$C: > Two weeks before his inauguration, Donald J. Trump was shown highly classified intelligence indicating that President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia had personally ordered complex cyberattacks to sway the 2016 American election.
> 
> 

The even bigger question is if he has given up the source of the intelligence in Russia to Putin.

EDIT: Scratch that - as linked by someone below. the source of the intelligence might have already been compromised: https://foreignpolicy.com/2017/01/31/arrested-russian-fsb-agents-allegedly-passed-information-to-cia-trump-putin/

They were arrested January 27th, so the timelines line up. Trump was given the information on January 6th.
$C: All of this spirited discussion and speculation makes for the latest round of good fun, but unfortunately this feels like another circle jerk/echo chamber that will have zero impact on Trump's current trajectory. After everything that we've seen discovered and then easily pushed aside and discarded, I have very little confidence that this man can ever be taken down successfully.
$C: Or how much information did he pass back to them?

It wasn't long after that a # of prominent political positioned Russians started dying off in suspicious ways. 
$C: It will matter because his little cult has exactly no say in this. They can complain as much as they want to. This *will* be used against him. Just a matter of when and how.
$C: Branding disagreeable news a “Fake news” was a brilliant long play.

Doubt trump came up with it, but he ran with it, bigly. Now there is indeed a religion. If he goes down the fake news trumpets will keep putting their head in the sand, for at least a generation. Maybe more. 
$C: Yes, but then the 25th amendment would kick in and he would be removed from power very quickly if he says that.
$C: Yes but that’s not about national security. Who cares if he lies about how big his crowd was? Lying about contacts with and knowledge of the workings for foreign spies might amount to something.
$C: The problem isn’t that he accepted the presidency knowing it may have been shady. The problem is that he’s knowingly lied about whether there was any Russian interference daily since and affected policy that doesn’t seem to jive with what he knows the Russians have been up to and that there may be reason we don’t yet know for why he’s behaving that way that compromise him. 
$C: Federal investigations don’t announce their findings as they find them. They dig in the background for months until the sum of what they have is so great that there is no denying it anymore and then they drop the hammer. The feds don’t indict until they are sure.
$C: Lololololol no.

Please list me the times that trump, since becoming president, has criticised the murderous kleptocratic thug Putin.

Please show me the times that he has enacted anything detrimental to Russia that he wasnt forced to enact.

Obama was prevented from going public about election interference by Mitch McConnell, who said that he would accuse Obama of partisan efforts to influence the election.

I'd scuttle off back to your dirty little cult safe space if I were you.

TRE45ON mate, Mueller is.comimg for ya boi.
$C: Why aren’t you worried about this as a threat to your nation?
$C: This is a comment I made in response to someone else claiming that Trump has been oh so hard on Russia:

>[Trump] sent weapons to Ukraine for aid in their fight against Russia (something Obama refused to do)

That might have been (just an idea) because Obama supported Germany and France in brokering a cease-fire and peaceful negotiations between the Ukraine and Russia. A second attempt at a cease-fire and other measures to solve the conflict was signed in February 2015. [It kinda sorta worked](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Minsk_II#Efficacy) for a while and Obama stood back to not interfere in the process. It is still the stated goal to fully implement Minsk II under Trump and related sanctions implemented during Obama's term are also still in effect. Heavy fighting only returned in January 2017 when Trump was already president and he still waited a year to approve weapons delivery. It had been GOP position to send weapons ("lethal aid") to Ukraine in 2016 [until the Trump campaign worked hard to have that removed from the GOP platform.](https://www.npr.org/2016/08/06/488876597/how-the-trump-campaign-weakened-the-republican-platform-on-aid-to-ukraine)  In July 2016 [he still tried to claim that Russia wasn't already in Ukraine](https://twitter.com/ABC/status/759741329500811264) and then said that the people in Crimea would prefer to belong to Russia so he would consider recognizing the annexation if he became president.

Trump on the other hand [wanted to include Russia in the G7 meetings again](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2018/jun/08/donald-trump-shows-no-sign-compromise-flies-in-g7-summit). Russia had been kicked out of G8 because of their annexation of Crimea. [He called NATO obsolet.](https://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-38635181) He weakens NATO [by being ambiguous regarding his position of honouring Article 5](https://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2017/05/trump-declines-to-affirm-natos-article-5/528129/) (If one NATO country is attacked, all NATO countries defend). He didn't even mentioned Crimea or Ukraine in his post-summit meeting. He's been wavering over the sanctions related to Crimea/Ukraine. 

And of course, he doesn't do anything at all against Russia's interference in the election. [Obama deported Russian diplomats](https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2016/dec/29/barack-obama-sanctions-russia-election-hack) and put sanctions on Russia. Trump didn't enforce further planned sanctions. [Trump also didn't even comment initially after Russia allegedly poisoned two people in the UK and still didn't condemn Russia when he finally did.](https://inews.co.uk/news/donald-trump-breaks-silence-on-sergei-skripal-uk-spy-poison-case/) He was furious that [the US expelled 60 diplomats in retaliation](https://www.businessinsider.de/trump-wanted-to-expel-fewer-russian-diplomats-2018-4?r=US&IR=T). Congress felt the need to make [a bill about increased sanctions against Russia "Trump-proof"](https://www.cnbc.com/2017/08/02/trump-expected-to-sign-russia-sanctions-bill-sometime-wednesday-reports.html), meaning that he can't just undo them with an executive order. 

This doesn't even touch on all the cases in which he claimed Russia and the US are both to blame for bad relations, or that he trust Putin over his own intelligence people, or that he thinks it's easier to talk to Putin than to his allies, etc etc.

ETA: [Trump yesterday in his Tucker Carlson interview again implied that he would hesitate to honour Article 5:](https://www.euractiv.com/section/politics/news/why-die-for-montenegro-trump-asks/)

[Carlson:] “Membership in NATO obligates the members to defend any other member that’s attacked. So let’s say Montenegro, which joined last year, is attacked. Why should my son go to Montenegro to defend it from attack?”

Trump agreed, saying, “I understand what you’re saying, I’ve asked the same question. Montenegro is a tiny country with very strong people. They are very aggressive people, they may get aggressive, and congratulations, you are in World War III. But that’s the way it was set up.”

>Montenegro reportedly pledged more troops to help fight the US's longest war in Afghanistan [The US asked the NATO for help in Afghanistan, the US being the only country to invoke Article 5 so far and 17 years later, the other NATO countries are still helping]. Prior to joining NATO, Montenegro assisted in Afghanistan's reconstruction efforts for nearly eight years. 

>**Rather than instigating World War III with Russia, Montenegro has had to fend off what it describes as a Russian attempt to kill its prime minister in 2016.**

>**Describing NATO ascension, expansion, or NATO countries taking steps to defend their homelands as "aggressive" is a hallmark of Russian messaging in its opposition against the alliance.**

[Source](https://www.businessinsider.de/trump-montenegro-nato-fox-news-interview-2018-7?r=US&IR=T)

[Invoking fears of WWIII is also based on Russian propaganda](https://www.brookings.edu/blog/order-from-chaos/2018/04/24/the-soviet-roots-of-invoking-fears-about-world-war-iii/), they've used it since Soviet times to discourage counteractions to Soviet/Russian actions that contravene international law.
$C: Thank you. Please check out /r/ShitPoppinKreamSays for some professional level jib cutting and truth sourcing. Cheers. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: *cut of your jib
$C: He's no poppinkream but by golly he's good. 
$C: JIB. 😑
$C: >I like the cut of your job

Pretty horrible thing to wish upon a poor defenseless redditor 😥
$C: >Cut of your job


Autocorrect or been saying it wrong all this time?

Edit oops lol. "been" not being
$C: cut of your jib*
$C: Jab. 

Fuck my phone. 
$C: Pow pow! Lol
$C: This thread is weird.  Not sure if typo or mocking our supreme leaders tenuous grasp of the English language.  It really is unpresidented.
$C: *the cut of your jib
$C: /u/t4ckleb0x cool, kinda like TRE45ON
$C: [It's not even really a secret](https://www.nytimes.com/2018/07/10/us/politics/republican-senators-russia.html)
$C: Eddie! help us verify and digest, please. implications of murder. fun.

 https://www.reddit.com/r/Keep_Track/comments/90gv59/emma_best_an_independent_national_security
$C: thank you. Please check out a professional's work. I'm just an unruly student. /r/ShitPoppinKreamSays 
$C: help us verify and digest, please. implications of murder. fun.

 https://www.reddit.com/r/Keep_Track/comments/90gv59/emma_best_an_independent_national_security
$C: Yeah really added some levity to cap off Treason-week.

This pen is the same color as the mid-day sky, or the ocean at a beautiful tropical beach, I'd say the wavelength of its ink is somewhere around 480nm. The color reminds me of the Hope Diamond or a beautiful sapphire gemstone. I would say that this pen is blue.

________
Wait sorry, that transcript is incorrect...it should be "I WOULDN'T say that this pen is blue." So you can put that in and I think that probably clarifies things.


$C: Maxine Waters would become head of the house financial services committee if the democrats take the house. She would have the power to subpoena trumps tax returns. [Source](https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/maxine-waters-subpoena-trump/)
$C: My First SILVER!! Power to the poor folks!!! Vote!!  My second [Gold](https://old.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/901p5f/two_weeks_before_his_inauguration_donald_j_trump/e2n6z9y/)  ! Thank you! Please check out my [First Gold](https://np.reddit.com/r/niceguys/comments/8z2mev/nice_guy_would_have_fucked_a_princess_if_she_had/) for a laugh. And be sure to support information age heroes like /u/poppinkream /r/ShitPoppinKreamSays 
$C: help us verify and digest, please. implications of murder. fun.

 https://www.reddit.com/r/Keep_Track/comments/90gv59/emma_best_an_independent_national_security
$C: deep. go on?
$C: truth stands up to scrutiny. Force the conversation back to the facts. But Obama or but Hillary does not change what 45 has done
$C: help us verify and digest, please. implications of murder. fun.

 https://www.reddit.com/r/Keep_Track/comments/90gv59/emma_best_an_independent_national_security
$C: help us verify and digest, please. implications of murder. fun.

 https://www.reddit.com/r/Keep_Track/comments/90gv59/emma_best_an_independent_national_security
$C: page 11, paragraph 31 there's indication that there have already been secret communication lines set up between GOP leadership and the KGB. That's a start. We still don't know the US side of all these russian contacts, though. 
$C: The Hillary reference was an example of campaign influence trump gained by pushing an "email" issue when he knew the russians had them.  Roger Stone being in the indictment and Roger Stone admittingly conversed with guccifer 2.0. ****Guccifer 2.0, dcleaks.com registry and the payment for the VPN service the stolen emails came from are all tied to the same bitcoin wallet. Opps**** [Source, Page 16-17](https://www.justice.gov/file/1080281/download)   Do read the whole thing. Its only 29 pages and double spaced. 
$C: I've seen his attempts at acting. I suspect it was a genuine "shit, they're on to us" face.
$C: I literally cannot believe this is an actual human.
$C: He kind of looks like a croaking frog.
$C: That was just Putin shoving his hand a little further up Trump's ass to work his mouth a bit better.
$C: Funny how it looks more normal when Manson does it.
$C: [Mussolini](https://i.imgur.com/86mx7hh.gif)
$C: I thought I couldn’t hate his stupid face any worse than I have. I was wrong. 
$C: That face floated him through 7 decades of decadence and into the Oval Office. 
$C: I can envision it being a semi-serious poker face
$C: Round up the usual suspects.
$C: This is the only video I can find of the President and Putin. I think it's in Russia.


https://youtu.be/OfUFSa7S1xY

Edit: sorry Mexico not Russia
$C: I doubt this was the case. Putin is playing the old man.
$C: But Russia is still actively engaging in their campaign to influence elections. It's happening as we speak, they're trying to change the outcome of the midterms. 
$C: Even though we know they're trying we still have a responsibility to vote. They *want* us to lose faith in our election process, that does half of the job for them. If we don't vote, then that's less direct meddling they have to do to accomplish their goals.

Vote. Please.
$C: We have two real options ahead of us:  
  
A) Lie on the ground and let the US become Russia 2 or  
B) Vote on November 6th, 2018 to vote out the current members of congress complicit with all of this.  
  
Never give up, take care of yourself, and vote.
$C: >you cant indict him.

This is not something legal scholars have agreed on. There are arguments and opinions for and against this, but to state it as a fact the way you have is incorrect.
$C: Precisely.... and it only reasserts the fact that the “2nd amendment” is just another worthless piece of dogma that republicans drool over
$C: They never have and they never will. Politicians are scum by nature.
$C: Cheers mate.    
Yeah, exactly.
$C: >it's not like they're hacking and changing votes 

There's strong evidence that voting machines were hacked during the 2016 election. 

Yesterday voting machine companies came out and said they left remote access software on their machines. 

There's evidence that certain people were taken off the active voter registration during the 2016 election causing them to have to go to their county office to have it corrected before they could vote. 

These are just the things we actually know happened. 

I'm not entirely convinced that Donald Trump was legitimately elected. 


$C: You missed the bit where you then sack the chief of police for not swearing loyalty to you.
$C: And then having a portion of the country just agree with you because it pisses other people off
$C: Accessory of a crime 
$C: Further than that even. Its like watching a crime take place and then telling everyone that didn't see it that the crime never took place, and that other people committed crimes.
$C: Right the whole "oh I didn't know!" bullshit doesn't fly when it's documented that you saw all the facts and evidence 1st-hand and \*agreed\* that that intel was correct long before you started saying   
"Well, I don't know!"  
"Nobody knows!"    
"It could've been some random hacker!"  
"It could be anybody!"   


Because it's documented he knew himself and agreed to those facts beforehand.
$C: 18 U.S. Code § 2381

Whoever, owing allegiance to the United States, levies war against them or adheres to their enemies, giving them aid and comfort within the United States or elsewhere, is guilty of treason and shall suffer death
$C: Issue is that so are several things he's done apparently, but nothing ever gets done and its forgotten about within days. Usually because he fucks up again or something else surfaces. 

It's crazy what 3 years has done.
$C: It's definitely criminal. It's probably not treason. Treason has a narrow meaning that may or may not apply here due to legal precedent and whatnot.
$C: Although treason officialy has to involve an actor with whom you are at war, does it not? Based on some facebook meme that I saw pass by, so I'm more than happy to be corrected on this. Since the US is currently not at war with Russia - as in war has officially been declared by Congress- there can't be any treason, legally. I am sure there are plenty of other names to give it and Trump should have never been allowed to be president in the first place.

Maybe the Brits/Canadians can come and burn the white house down again just to purge the place of any of Trump's influence. Or nuke it from orbit, that's the only way to be sure.
$C: He'd have been drawn and quartered in past versions of government. 
$C: Gotta be at war to charge someone with treason. Russia is our adversary, but we haven’t had congress declare war (if that still matters)  
$C: In what way is it treason? (One of the few crimes explicitly described in the US Constitution?)
$C: "Our relationship with Russia has been tense for a while now." Exactly so why not try to improve it. You contradict yourself in your own statements.
$C: Yes, but assisting with the coverup of a crime makes you an accessory after the fact. It's like helping a fugitive hide from the police after they rob a bank. You're responsible for assisting in the crime, even though the crime has already happened. 
$C: >How is this a big deal?

Depends if you’re an American or not.
$C: Because 1. That's not true. And 2. We generally disapprove of covert or military psyops that do so. Because they are violations of democracy. 
$C: And not just that either, supplying rebel groups, overthrowing governments who refuse bow to American wishes. America’s hands are dirtier than anyone’s. 
It’s amusing to see them kick such a stink for the Russians running 6000 ads on Facebook.
And of course Russia had a vested interest in trump getting elected. Hillary had been banging the drums of war against Russia for years. So you know what! Thanks Russia for helping keep that witch out of office and  helping to prevent a war.

$C: Jim comey is actually Jamse's secret clone who also happens to be the main suspect of the bowling green massacre. ;)

...yes, presumably he meant James.
$C: Friends call him Jim, the Hill calls him Jim, Jim being a common nickname for James.  
$C: [deleted]
$C: Literally physically (ie murdering) leaders of foreign countries and hand picking replacements. 
$C: own a phone here. really don't see how having android or an iPhone matters. use whatever you like. let's be friends /u/speederaser 
$C: [deleted]
$C: It won't matter until both sides start protesting the same thing. Will this be that thing?

I don't think so. The [R]'s sold their soul to get this asshole to be president because that's what they've been told they want. I think they're OK with Russian interference so long as it helped them.
$C: You should hit them where it hurts, money. The minute money stops pouring, Trump is out.
Too bad you dont have good unions to have a legal strike without you getting fired. Damn freedom
$C: Walking in the streets and holding parades isn't protest. Civil disobedience! Actively prevent the functioning of government to the point where you force mass arrests at the level of millions of people. And still keep doing it.  

Americans seem to have forgotten what protests really mean, with some exception.
$C: Don’t give any false illusions. I’m pretty centric and generally avoid politics all together, and my daily interactions in my life lately have been nothing like what the media or social media seem to portray. There aren’t “droves” of protestors. In my city it’s rare to hear anybody talk negative, or positive, about the current president or current political climate. In bigger cities nearby the news stations will cover anti-Trump protests, but let’s be real, there may be 1,000 to 2,000 people there (which is a decent amount of people), but in a city with over 2.3 million people? Come on. There are single high schools with larger graduating classes than what’s in attendance at these protests. 

If you want your voice to matter, get more people to vote, and show up to town hall meetings, and constantly contact their representatives. In my eyes, protests do very little. Their visibility isn’t that great, and they don’t change many minds. And the small percentage of protests that do stupid stuff like block highways in major cities during rush hour more than likely does more harm to their cause than good. 

At the same time, good luck getting more people to vote. Most people just aren’t affected as much as one would think, and they just want to live and let live. Work their job, put food on the table, get their kids a decent education, take vacations if possible, and hopefully pocket some change for retirement. 
$C: I hate to say it but protests eventually do not work. This is America, godsdammit, and in America lasting change only comes at the end of a gun. Our expansion? End of a gun. Independence? End of a gun. Slavery? End of a gun. 
$C: Protesting does nothing because the media is now bought and establishment democrats are paid to lose.  You want real change, canvas instead.  Knock on doors, look at how Alexandria occasia-cortez won.  Work those local elections.  You can get much better bang for your buck.  The era of protests is over.
$C: Remember the women’s march if everyone came out and we supported you in every nation no one could ignore it.
$C: Waving a few signs in front of the White House isn't protesting. It's making a nuisance. 

We need protests in a scale that will bring the economy to a grinding halt. We need Civil Disobedience. We need to occupy key points of infrastructure and make it impossible for anyone to live their normal lives. Look at what MLK did. What Ghandi did. The blueprints on how to fight are everywhere throughout our history. 

Until we see that, not only will we be back to business as usual, but we will hardly deserve to have freedom to begin with as we will be the first American generation to lose it without a fight. 
$C: Maybe the only thing that will work is another wide protest in front of congress in the scale or maybe bigger than the women's march?
$C: Such is life in Turkey now. 
$C: You guys have guns, right? In case you get taken over by a dictator? Well, if ever there will be a time, that time seems to be coming soon.
$C: You are protesting non violently, which can safely be ignored.
$C: Protests are just a bunch of pussies standing around crying.  Nut up and start a revolution.  Are you prepared to die for your cause? If not, then it obviously isn't that important to you.
$C: I 100% agree 1 protest. Half a million from such a large country should be easy! 
$C: It’s coming. Tariffs are starting to hit the US, and with the new EU/Japan TPP agreement, it’s going to go nationwide. 

I know several in manufacturing plants here in Michigan already fearing layoffs because of aluminum and steel. A friend in aircraft manufacturing said they just delayed orders 12 weeks because of aluminum scarcity. 

It’s coming. And once companies stop buying back stock with the tax cuts... maybe start stuffing that mattress. 
$C: >Because peoples’ daily lives haven’t been affected enough yet. They still go home from their jobs they hate and watch tv or look at bullshit on social media.

I'm sorry. But I have to disagree. I haven't been able to receive a physical in 3 years. Let alone specialty care. I can barely pay my student loans, even after securing federal loan consolidation and having a second job to keep up with private loans. And yet I still left it all on the line to protest (even with time off I had to stagger rent and bills to not miss payments). I also have zero social media interaction other than reddit. And don't mistake that for confirmation bias. I read articles from every side I can at the end of a week. 

Perhaps the population at large hasn't been affected enough yet, but there are so, so many of us who have been. Many of whom cannot even take the liberties I have to stand up and be heard.
$C: Yep..until we fill the streets and shut down commerce, which we are not doing...they will get away with it.
$C: My job requires frequent stops at liquor establishments and grocery stores.  The things I hear affect me every day.  
$C: Yeah, I've seen people call it "slave labor". Not in the sense of actual slavery, but more that you get paid enough to live, but not enough to truly live. Not many people have the luxury of being able to take time off to protest (or even quit their job). Being poor is more expensive than being middle class. It's fucking dumb.
$C: Have a co-worker I'm friends with who I've seen basically fall down the rabbit hole with Trump. I seriously believe that he is living in a completely different reality. I have no idea what his news sources are, but I've got a couple guesses. But the things he think Trump is and isn't doing is so vastly removed from the truth, it's insane.

TL;DR people who support Trump aren't generally the greatest at critical thinking skills.
$C: > But WHO THE HELL is crazy enough to support Trump???? 

I do not like Trump as a person, and I think a lot of his policies are wrong-headed (trade wars?  really??).

But the problem with joining the "DOWN WITH TRUMP!!!" bandwagon is that the majority of those people are just emotionally knee-jerking and want him to go down in flames by any means necessary.  It's mob behavior, even if we on the surface approve of the general direction the mob is headed.  I refuse to join a mob who takes actual delight in destroying people - even bad people.
$C: Who? The same people who during the evacuations for Katrina turned the people of New Orleans back with armed roadblocks ready to shoot anyone trying to escape the coming storm. The same people who bomb planned parenthood clinics and protest outside them across the country. The people who are fucking terrorists but never called that because they're white Christians. We've got our own Taliban across the rural USA, violent religious extremists who barely follow any of their religion's tenants, and they vote. That's where the GOP comes from, that's where Trump comes from. And that's why I'm sick of treating this like it isn't a problem to destroy. They are enemies of non-whites, women's rights, LGBT, and basic decency. And they need to fucking burn.
$C: When this all started I was quite surprised they seemed to be letting the downward spiral continue. 

What good is freedom if it isn’t used. I believe we’d protest en mass as one group and if they didn’t listen we’d burn down parliament if we had this going on up here. 
What good is a government that turns on its citizens?
$C: Multiple reasons. But the biggest and most important:

No support. This shit show is not worth dying over because almost everyone has two things: Food, and Family. And so long as this continues to be true, people have reasons to live.
$C: > I think things will have to get much worse for people thousands of miles apart to come together like that.

The problem is, you will never actually *know* when that line has been crossed. There will never be a moment that will make people say, ok everyone, that's the signal, let's go.

It will be the slow, grinding accumulation of lots of little things. And no one thing will seem big enough to be worth risking your job or health insurance over, until your country is unrecognisable and it's too late.

And then people on the outside will go why didn't you do something stop this shit years ago.

And... people outside America are already starting to say this.
$C: If your bosses went too it would be fine.
I think you guys saying this stuff do not realize how close you are marching towards a full on dictatorship. Sacrifice must be made and risk taken or you will end up like the Russian population.
$C: I’m sorry, can you enlighten me as to what’s the connection between the PPR and getting Duterte?

I hate our current President too but I just can’t see the relationship. It’s not like the PPR has influence over the next person to rule he country.

Duterte won through election, with the last PPR behind him 8-ish years ago. 
$C: I get that. But despite all of the fury and concern that Obama was going to take away all the gunz, Obama didn't take away all the gunz. It was never a big item on his agenda. 

It seems like so many have become single issue voters. I'm a librul. But, though I disagree with them on many, many issues, I'd be ok with a Romney, Kasich, Murkowski or McCain in office. I don't paint all conservatives with the same brush. THere are a couple of issues I even tend to side with them on.  
$C: > Nah, still seems like a troll evoking the phony "walk away" movement.

what, because he/she said the DNC shot itself in the foot (it did, in multiple ways) while going on to blame the GOP and Russia for the current state we are in? sounds like the sincere statement of someone who has worked really fucking hard for the dem side but nothing is happening because of forces out of his/her and the democrats control?

hardly the ramblings of a walkaway troll, and i dont think you should be dismissive like that.

you both have 6 year old accounts and post in many subs. your fast accusation against an ally like /u/HiMYNameIsNerd is proof that the disinformation campaign has been successful beyond russia's wildest hopes and dreams.
$C: Wish I could upvote you more than once good sir. Your actions are above applaudable, they’re patriotic!
$C: And less than <30% of people under the age of 30 plan on voting iirc.  We need a mass awakening but the problem is America won't care unless there's a made-for-TV moment, politics is "too boring."
$C: The difference between the American military and the guns hypothetically being confiscated is not Tanks vs Guns. It's not even close.

[Revolution also doesn't have to mean violent or violence-centric revolution.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nonviolent_revolution)
$C: That's harder to do than you think. 
$C: But Bernie campaigned for Hillary even though he lost to her. Bernie still fought to get Hillary to win over Trump. Most people gave up when Bernie lost, but Bernie did not give up on wanting a democratic President to win. Democrats did win the popular vote. The electoral votes Trump won  are Republican districts that have less population. But got the vote due to hacking. But those that did not vote probably change the outcome on those small populated area because some just gave up. The American spirit is about prevailing through hardships and never giving up. I don't understand why people voted for Trump, he is so out of touch and have not been through hardships like most American people. Trump inherited his money, laundered, cheated and lied to get what he wants. It is so against American values. 
So don't give up against corruption and believe in the American spirit!!! "You never fail until you stop trying" -Albert Einstein
$C: Because it **never** gets through people's skulls, here's a short summary on what happened with the DNC leaks:

The only thing that the DNC leaks revealed was that they preferred the establishment candidate over the outsider candidate. The RNC also preferred establishment candidates over Donald Trump. **This is normal.** The DNC did **not** rig anything in favor of Clinton nor act in any way to sway the primary towards Hillary, despite having a preference for her. The main reason why Trump won while Bernie did not was because the mainstream votes were split among the thirty other establishment candidates primarying with Trump, whereas it was just Bernie versus Clinton in the Democratic primary.
$C: Let's ignore the problem for fear that the other side will notice and exploit it. Brilliant thinking here.

I can list quite a few examples of stories of Democrats screwing with progressives without the help of the DNC, sometimes with the DCCC instead. Would people prefer that instead or should we just pretend to enjoy being shit on? It is not debunked. It is basic observable reality. People have been upset about this for _years._ Denying it is historical negationalism.
$C: Which part?
$C: That's not what I said.

By all means, support Bernie. I encourage it. I think we should all be engaged in politics, finding candidates we're enthusiastic about, backing them in their runs as far as they can go. 

But also understand that sometimes these candidates lose, especially in a primary. And it's not necessarily because of dirty tricks or "rigging" or anything; it's because more people voted for the other person. 

By all means, be excited about Bernie, or AOC, or whomever. I encourage that. But don't spread myths about their loss, or their wins.
$C: He’s not blaming you for supporting sanders in the primary. He’s blaming you for spreading falsehoods about the dnc “rigging the election” for Clinton. 
$C: Here's the difference:

I can point to measurable, tangible actions the Russians did to damage Hillary Clinton. They hacked Podesta's/DNC's emails and released them. They had an army of trolls spreading misinformation online. I think we'll find that they had a pretty serious impact on the data analytics and targeting. They spread rumors and FUD with little factual basis to divide the left.

You can't do the same with the DNC. 

>It was pretty obvious the DNC didn't want Bernie (leaked emails prove that)

True.

>they did everything they could to sway it for Hillary.

False. They shit talked him behind closed doors. The only things they ever "did" were defending themselves against Bernie's campaign's attacks.
$C: [removed]
$C: It's not a myth. Bernie lost new york and California. He got absolutely crushed. He would've lost even if the dnc rigged it FOR him, and then he would've lost to Trump anyway. 

And hey if we are going by anecdotal bullshit every Democrat I know voted for Hillary. In silence, of course, because the Bernie bots attacked us at every turn. 
$C: > their superdelegates (which were always factored into the “delegate tallies” on the news crawls, without disambiguation, making the spread look insurmountable)

This is the biggest issue the DNC stooges just don't get
$C: For one, Podesta was Clinton's campaign manager. He was trying to run the opposing campaign. Should he not be trying to defeat their opponent?

For another, which emails?
$C: As long as people still keep bringing up the "it was rigged!" myth, yep. That one bit of disinformation is the gift that keeps on giving.
$C: Good on you. And thank you for protesting at the capital.
$C: Thank you!! I will try.
$C: It's weird how it's possible that people would be willing to buy plane tickets to go to Syria and fight for 3 hot meals a day, but yet in the U.S. it's just an out of grasp dream to camp and protest. 
$C: This is why I am bothering to talk to you all. We are sisters and brothers of this global village and the situation is going to take us all down. There will be no winners just oligarchy their subjects and the conquered.
$C: US always have set precedents for the rest of us. Here in germany and in the EU in general some populists actually take to republican tactics, slinging shit at the public and selling it as truth. That hasnt fully reached the mainstream yet, though. 

The real danger is devide in society though. With people, having no perspective and the feeling of being forgotten by the higherups, taking to desperate measures and turning towards anybody who they feel listens to them. Once they have turned, you cant really reach them anymore.

Politics must do more for those people, visibly! They have to *feel* involved. The political left has failed in that. And politics needs more safeguard agains powerhungry oligarchs and billionaires (be it domestic or foreign).

I hope this is a wakeup call to democracy in general.
$C: That's pretty stupid.
$C: NO COLLUSION!
$C: Things like this are the reason Donald Trump was elected.
$C: And I will. Every. Single. Time.

The false equivalency these people and their supporters get away with is absurd. It is insanity at its finest.

Sure, there are some legitimate political distinctions people could make against the Clintons. But that is neither the point nor the sort of criticism the Republican leadership has demonstrated themselves capable of. They have spent decades degrading the Clintons' name.

The worse part is, the Republican leadership and policy think tanks know this. They are completely aware of how ridiculous they sound. It, however, doesn't matter to them as long as they are able to dismantle American institutions to suit them and their benefactors.
$C: Thanks. Fixed it. It was like 2am when I wrote that lol
$C: Obviously I am using the absurd to point out the absurd. A perjury  trap can be used as you describe which is pathetic because  this special counsel is “fishing for a crime” and 1/2 this country is OK with it, or it can be used to get leverage on a potential witness to flip. 
$C: That’s just lying. It’s a character flaw, not a crime. 
$C: Are you implying that Clinton got impeached because he lied on TV?
$C: Remember when Spez made his "Russian accounts caught on reddit" announcement, and listed all the subs they posted on?

http://archive.is/8Lr6y


*    funny: 1455
*   uncen: 1443
*  Bad_Cop_No_Donut: 800
* gifs: 553
* **PoliticalHumor: 545**
* The_Donald: 316
* news: 306
* aww: 290
*  POLITIC: 232
* racism: 214

You see PoliticalHumor's anti-Trump content on reddit's Front Page almost *every day*.  Now, when was the last time you saw T_D anywhere?
$C: That's the one. Even as a kiwi that has literally zero to do with America, that speech struck a chord and I think of it regularly and just how on point he was. 
$C: Except putting kids in cages and separating them from their parents with nary a care of what happens to them.
$C: Tough shit. That's our burden to bare. 
$C: Man, it's almost like I said nothing at all about black people being shot more frequently and instead said that black people asking to not be shot.

Good talk though. You can go back to whatever troll hole you crawled out from.
$C: Can’t drink all day unless you start in the parking lot of a Denny’s before breakfast, amirite?
$C: I found it best after a bowl pack or two, was never much for booze. Nice whiskey or scotch here or there maybe. But yeah, bunch butter and syrup along with that fluffy goodness should help ward off any hangovers.
$C: Family of four for $20. A treat for the kids here or there, not an every day thing. Or for that one meal of the day.
$C: That’s step 2 in the Senate. The entire House is up for re-election, as usual, and that’s where impeachment starts (step 1). Send a message, vote for Democrats. 
$C: [These people make a line of bulk emergency, shelf stable foodstuffs at very affordable prices.](https://www.amazon.com/Augason-Farms-Breakfast-Variety-Emergency/dp/B00FD8N3X0/ref=mp_s_a_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid=1532024307&sr=8-2-spons&pi=AC_SX236_SY340_FMwebp_QL65&keywords=auguson+farms&psc=1)
$C: I am fairly sure that has passed from thought to that's what happened A long time ago. 
$C: I can't understand why anyone can trust Hannity. He was a no one until he sold his soul to Trump, then he was all of a sudden a "true light" in journalism........  me personally, I think that the "deepstate" doesn't exist. But I do know that there are a shit ton of people who have been bought and paid for, to the detriment of the rest of us. And it's the people who keep voting for them, and putting them back into office that are to blame. We deserve far better. 
$C: Really?  Wow.  Hey, on a serious note, are you looking for a bridge?  Seriously, I got this bridge.  

*slaps bridge. "You could make a ton of money off this sweet bridge".   
$C: That's what psychological warfare by a foreign enemy feels like.
$C: This serious almost has me in tears
$C: My guess was his willingness to hand over US citizens to Putin.
$C: This is exactly correct. Right wing media is the common denominator that build this mess up and keeps it going more than anything else. 
$C: 2nd Amendment
$C: I don't know what you do outside reddit, fella, but I hope you love doing it.

If you don't love it, you have the talent to be an extraordinary journalist/editor/author. You're good.
$C: They seriously need a sort by /u/PoppinKREAM option. 
$C: Jesus christ.
$C: Damn boi hitting the comment word limit three times.
$C: Triple PK. As always, your comments are fantastic.
$C: You are a hero!!
$C: Fantastic comments. If this is how much you've been able to uncover I can't imagine how much the CIA and FBI have figured out.
$C: That's what I call research, my man.
$C: You should write this up as something that can be published somewhere. I'm sure there are legit media outlets that would drool at this kind of in depth reporting.
$C: [Me reading](https://media1.giphy.com/media/3o6nV7OgtyNBynyQyk/giphy.gif)  poppinkream late at night.
$C: I just want to say that I deeply appreciate this service you are providing to the redditor citizens of the United States. It means a lot to me. 
$C: Adding.

Article 1

RESOLVED, That ~~Richard M. Nixon~~Donald J. Trump, President of the United States, is impeached for high crimes and misdemeanours, and that the following articles of impeachment to be exhibited to the Senate:

ARTICLES OF IMPEACHMENT EXHIBITED BY THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA IN THE NAME OF ITSELF AND OF ALL OF THE PEOPLE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, AGAINST ~~RICHARD M. NIXON~~ DONALD J. TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, IN MAINTENANCE AND SUPPORT OF ITS IMPEACHMENT AGAINST HIM FOR HIGH CRIMES AND MISDEMEANOURS.

ARTICLE 1

In his conduct of the office of President of the United States, ~~Richard M. Nixon~~ Donald J Trump, in violation of his constitutional oath faithfully to execute the office of President of the United States and, to the best of his ability, preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution of the United States, and in violation of his constitutional duty to take care that the laws be faithfully executed, has prevented, obstructed, and impeded the administration of justice [^\[1\]](https://www.lawfareblog.com/what-happens-when-we-dont-believe-presidents-oath), in that:


On or about ~~June 17, 1972~~ 2015-2016, and prior thereto, agents of the ~~Committee for the Re-election of the President~~ GRU committed unlawful entry of the ~~headquarters~~ servers [^\[33\]](https://www.thedailybeast.com/trumps-missing-dnc-server-is-neither-missing-nor-a-server) of the Democratic National Committee and the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee in Washington, District of Columbia, for the purpose of securing political intelligence.[^\[2\]](https://www.justice.gov/file/1080281/download)  [^\[3\]](https://www.justice.gov/file/1035477/download) Subsequent thereto, ~~Richard M. Nixon~~ Donald J. Trump, using the powers of his high office, engaged personally and through his close subordinates and agents, in a course of conduct or plan designed to delay, impede, and obstruct the investigation of such illegal entry[^\[44\]](https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/18/1030); to cover up, conceal and protect those responsible; and to conceal the existence and scope of other unlawful covert activities.[^\[31\]](https://www.usnews.com/news/world/articles/2018-07-18/asked-if-russia-still-targeting-us-trump-says-no) [^\[32\]](https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/2018/02/13/intelligence-director-coats-says-u-s-under-attack-putin-targeting-2018-elections/332566002/) [^\[36\]](https://www.cnbc.com/2018/07/19/trump-saw-evidence-putin-ordered-election-swayed-in-early-2017-report.html) [^\[37\]](https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/819164172781060096?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw) [^\[38\]](https://www.yahoo.com/news/trump-administrations-secret-efforts-ease-russia-sanctions-fell-short-231301145.html) [^\[39\]](https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/831837514226921472) [^\[40\]](https://talkingpointsmemo.com/livewire/trump-rips-enemy-people-war-russia) [^\[42\]](http://nymag.com/daily/intelligencer/2018/07/trump-russia-is-a-friend-journalists-are-the-enemy.html)

The means used to implement this course of conduct or plan included one or more of the following:

[Directing] campaign and administration members to making false or misleading statements to lawfully authorized investigative officers and employees of the United States; [^\[4\]](https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/hope-hicks-says-she-lies-for-trump-thats-encouraging/2018/02/28/09e61982-1cc3-11e8-9de1-147dd2df3829_story.html?utm_term=.53d08a6d4719) [^\[5\]](https://www.factcheck.org/2018/06/a-timeline-of-trump-tower-meeting-responses/) [^\[6\]](https://www.cnn.com/2017/05/12/politics/trump-comey-russia-thing/index.html) [^\[7\]](https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2017/05/rosenstein-letter-annotated/526116/) [^\[8\]](https://www.cnn.com/2018/06/02/politics/trump-lawyers-statement-trump-tower-russians/index.html)

withholding relevant and material evidence or information from lawfully authorized investigative officers and employees of the United States; [^\[9\]](https://ktla.com/2017/09/25/white-house-justice-dept-stonewall-capitol-hill-over-records-in-russia-probe/) [^\[10\]](https://www.cnn.com/2017/09/25/politics/white-house-congress-russia-investigation/index.html) [^\[11\]](https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/2017/live-updates/trump-white-house/sessions-to-testify-before-senate-intelligence-committee/sessions-asserts-possibility-of-executive-privilege-protecting-his-talks-with-president-trump/?utm_term=.fbc3dbfe4d9f) [^\[12\]](https://www.usnews.com/news/politics/articles/2018-01-17/house-panel-subpoenas-bannon-in-russia-probe-showdown)

approving, condoning, acquiescing in, and counselling witnesses with respect to the giving of false or misleading statements to lawfully authorized investigative officers and employees of the United States and false or misleading testimony in duly instituted judicial and congressional proceedings; [^\[13\]](https://foreignpolicy.com/2018/01/18/trump-ordered-bannon-to-limit-testimony/) [^\[14\]](https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/gop-congressman-coordinated-white-house-russia-memo-democratic/story?id=52818825) [^\[15\]](https://www.cnn.com/2018/02/14/politics/bannon-contempt-hearing/index.html)

interfering or endeavouring to interfere with the conduct of investigations by the Department of Justice of the United States, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the office of ~~Watergate Special Prosecution Force~~ Special Council, and Congressional Committees; [^\[16\]](http://time.com/5304206/donald-trump-discredit-mueller-investigation/) [^\[17\]](http://time.com/5290531/donald-trump-robert-mueller-russia-investigation-arguments/)

approving, condoning, and acquiescing in, the surreptitious payment of substantial sums of money for the purpose of obtaining the silence or influencing the testimony of witnesses, potential witnesses or individuals who participated in such unlawful entry and other illegal activities; [^\[18\]](https://www.usnews.com/opinion/thomas-jefferson-street/articles/2018-02-26/gop-refuses-to-follow-donald-trumps-money-in-the-russia-investigation) [^\[19\]](https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/onpolitics/2018/03/18/trump-pushed-white-house-staff-sign-non-disclosure-agreements-report/436778002/) [^\[20\]](https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/2018/03/12/did-130-000-payment-stormy-daniels-break-law/417111002/)

endeavouring to misuse the ~~Central Intelligence Agency~~ Immigration and Customs Enforcement, The Federal Bureau of Investigation, and Department of Justice, agencies of the United States; [^\[21\]](https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2018/02/how-joe-arpaio-inspired-the-immigration-crackdown/554027/) [^\[22\]](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-05-20/informant-inside-trump-team-would-have-crossed-line-nunes-says)

disseminating information received from officers of the Department of Justice of the United States to subjects of investigations conducted by lawfully authorized investigative officers and employees of the United States, for the purpose of aiding and assisting such subjects in their attempts to avoid criminal liability; [^\[23\]](http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/nationworld/politics/ct-giuliani-trump-russia-investigation-20180525-story.html) [^\[24\]](https://themoscowproject.org/dispatch/flynn-ousted-white-house-trumps-lawyer-go-nuclear-morning/) [^\[25\]](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-04-20/comey-memos-offer-account-of-private-conversations-with-trump)

making or causing to be made false or misleading public statements for the purpose of deceiving the people of the United States into believing that a thorough and complete investigation had been conducted with respect to allegations of misconduct on the part of personnel of the executive branch of the United States and personnel of the ~~Committee for the Re-election of the President~~ GRU, and that there was no involvement of such personnel in such misconduct: or [^\[26\]](http://thehill.com/policy/international/397150-russian-foreign-ministry-replies-to-trump-tweet-blaming-witch-hunt-for) [^\[27\]](https://www.cnn.com/2018/06/20/politics/russian-dirt-meetings/index.html) [^\[28\]](https://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-44852812) [^\[41\]](http://thehill.com/policy/international/397835-clapper-intelligence-officials-showed-trump-proof-that-putin-was)

endeavouring to cause prospective defendants, and individuals duly tried and convicted, to expect favoured treatment and consideration in return for their silence or false testimony, or rewarding individuals for their silence or false testimony. [^\[29\]](https://www.cnn.com/2018/06/06/politics/donald-trump-alice-johnson-pardon/index.html) [^\[30\]](https://www.newsweek.com/trump-pardon-signal-mueller-powers-953355)

In all of this, ~~Richard M. Nixon~~ Donald J. Trump has acted in a manner contrary to his trust as President and subversive of constitutional government, to the great prejudice of the cause of law and justice and to the manifest injury of the people of the United States.

Wherefore ~~Richard M. Nixon~~ Donald J. Trump, by such conduct, warrants impeachment and trial, and removal from office.

1. https://www.lawfareblog.com/what-happens-when-we-dont-believe-presidents-oath

2. https://www.justice.gov/file/1080281/download

3. https://www.justice.gov/file/1035477/download

4. https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/hope-hicks-says-she-lies-for-trump-thats-encouraging/2018/02/28/09e61982-1cc3-11e8-9de1-147dd2df3829_story.html?utm_term=.53d08a6d4719

5. https://www.factcheck.org/2018/06/a-timeline-of-trump-tower-meeting-responses/

6. https://www.cnn.com/2017/05/12/politics/trump-comey-russia-thing/index.html

7. https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2017/05/rosenstein-letter-annotated/526116/


$C: Please, dear god /u/PoppinKREAM .. Please write a book about this time in our history at some point. You would be fantastic at it.
$C: Hey man, can you impeach Trump? 

$C: one of the things that this condensed format and ordering accomplishes is that is doesn't leave any room for denial.  

Taken singularly these headlines can be obfuscated or routed around or whatever have you, but when you put it together like this and then draw the lines it really is impactful.  

I wish there was a way to get this out to non-tech savvy people.
$C: Even better than The Moscow Project!
$C: [deleted]
$C: Roger Stone claiming contact with WikiLeaks and Assange has been denied by WikiLeaks themselves.

https://twitter.com/ggreenwald/status/968845804592091136

https://twitter.com/ggreenwald/status/973525436922810368

Those are private Twitter messages and not the opinions of Greenwald or anyone else.

> WikiLeaks should be considered an extension of Russia's 2016 disinformation campaign,[7] we know that WikiLeaks shared material hacked by the GRU.[8]

WikiLeaks takes documents from anybody and they always have. To call them a 'disinformation' campaign is disingenuous because their record when it comes to their leaks and documents is impeccable and no one has ever been able to demonstrate that any of their work or documents or leaks have been fabricated in any way whatsoever. There is every chance that WikiLeaks didn't even know the identity of whoever it was that sent them Podesta's e-mails.

https://twitter.com/USCChris/status/819067106079674368

Stone has been boasting about his relationship with WikiLeaks and Guccifer 2.0 despite the fact that WikiLeaks has said that they haven't communicated with Stone and that he didn't help them at all in obtaining the Podesta e-mails. 

https://theintercept.com/2018/02/14/julian-assange-wikileaks-election-clinton-trump/

Go through that article and ctrl+F "Stone" and see just how hard Stone has tried to insert himself into the entire Russian collusion narrative despite the fact that WikiLeaks has had nothing to do with him and wants nothing to do with him. 
$C: Looks like it’s mislabeled, should be 17
$C: > Flynn did absolutely nothing wrong from a legal standpoint 

Nothing wrong yet he lied about it to POTUs, VP, American people, and then the FBI. 

Why lie, especially when it's a felony to lie to the FBI, if he did nothing wrong?
$C: The mere act of money passing hands is something you can comment on endlessly. Why do you think we press Trump for tax returns?
$C: Your first and second points are a false premise so your conclusion is wrong

Mike Flynn broke the law by meeting with Kislyak to discuss sanction during the transition. The law is called the Logan act. 

Mike Flynn did meet with Kislyak before, during, and after the campaign. As is cited in PoppinKream’s comment and references article. You just stopped reading after the first paragraph, so you never got to the section that said roughly ‘Mike Flynn had meetings with Kislyak starting in 2016 including during the campaign and transition’
$C: Exactly! Really hope something comes out of all this sooner rather than later. 
$C: Plot twist: Mueller is /u/poppinKREAM
$C: Yet Again:  

Instead of telling your political alignment or brigading my posts, try making an argument. Ignoring the emails and the $400 million sent to a Clinton-side official won't help.  

Besides, Politifake has been proven to be partial towards leftists.  Similarly for the Intercept.  They only care about narrative, not facts.  

Never mind that the economy has come back in a way where we hear about hirings more than layoffs - even with the DNC attempts to derail it.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Long read about Steele in the New Yorker: https://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2018/03/12/christopher-steele-the-man-behind-the-trump-dossier
$C: [deleted]
$C: It’s not actually thoughtful. It’s a classic argument from ignorance. “We don’t why...” *therefore* yadda yadda

But there should be no “therefore” because it’s an argument from a lack of information. An argument from ignorance. 
$C: I don't think pence makes it out unscathed. If he somehow manages to become our next president, I'll castrate myself 

Edit: I have been informed by my woman that she wants kids and I can't cut my dick off. 

Edit 2: am nurse...I know what castration is, I just used her wording as she was sitting next to me and said it. 
$C: Agreed but we can cross that road when we come to it. DT is seriously damaging America right now
$C: Pence won’t be there either. Nor will Paul Ryan or McConnell. Every last one participated in this criminal coup, this theft of our election from America. They are traitors of the highest order. New elections stat. 
$C: I'd take him over Trump though. Trump embarrasses us in the world stage weekly, whereas there has been many a quiet week from Pence
$C: I hate Pence too but at least the man acts somewhat presidential. Hes a scumbag but at least he doesn't go on crazy Twitter rants.
$C: Pence is just as bad in many ways, but the scarier thing is that he's competent and not going to tweet his every move to stay in the news. Expect Roe Vs Wade to go away, which would be disastrous for women's rights in this country, as well as gay rights. All that stuff is already happening now that the Republicans stole the last Supreme Court nomination from Obama and the Democrats. The only way to help undo this is to make sure we all vote, regardless of how you may feel about doing that. Republicans probably won't do the right thing like their 1974 predecessors did with Nixon so we need to make sure that enough of us vote to tip the scales so they have less power. Then we'll get an impeachment. Elections have consequences but I'm starting to feel hope that people are starting to wake up to the power that we'd really have if more of us exercised our right. 
$C: Pence is just an empty suit. He'll do less damage.

That said I want to see Trump in jail.
$C: If half of what is implied by all of these illicit connections is true, Pence is just as guilty as Trump. He ran the transition team. He knows who these dirty people which were appointed and hired are, and he knows why. 
$C: > That being said, Pence isn't anything to look forward to either...

Do you really think that IF we some how managed to get him impeached on any sort of grounds relating to Russia, that any Republican White House would have any semblance of power over the next few years?  
I think, or at least hope, that we'd have a neutered WH that was too afraid to do anything that isn't bipartisan.
$C: Pence would be MUCH less scary than Trump. He has some radical believes but likely wouldn’t make it part of his agenda. It would just be a lot of classic Republican moves which I can certainly live with at this point.
$C: People keep saying that, but I'm not so certain. His policies may be every bit as regressive, but I don't think Pence would have the same capacity for distraction and outright lying. He seems like a manageable monster.
$C: at least he’s not a rambling idiot 
$C: What did Pence know, and when did he know it? If we're lucky, it'll be a twofer.
$C: If Trump is impeached over all this, Dems will crush the mid terms and Pence won't have the political capital to do a god damned thing.
$C: Pence is nearly as dirty as Trump, he's just quieter about it.
$C: Pence is crazy and would definitely have his share of scandals but he's at least a semi competent politician and nothing compared to the raging dumpster fire that is Donald Trump.
$C: Don't start this shit saying Pence vs. Trump. Pence may be a crazy conservative evangelical who calls his wife mother while fucking her, but you need to be 1 million times more willing to have Pence as a president than Trump.

It's just like with these Supreme Court nominations. There is always going to be someone who is against your views, that doesn't mean they should be locked up to never be seen. Kavanaugh would be a very capable and respectable justice even if you are liberal, just as Pence would at least be a respectable president and wouldn't be the utter humiliation of America for the next two years.
$C: Get the people complicit out too. The GOP is the enemy of America.
$C: At least Pence isn't going to destroy the country. I don't mind republican president. But when go and start destroying hundred year agreements and trade deals, alliances, etc in favor of supporting Russia, then holy shit wtf is going on? 

Pence will help normalize us I think. 
$C: I mean Trump has already dumpstered roe v wade, what will Pence do, set gay rights back 20 years?
$C: How about a nice military coup? 
$C: >Not to mention on going world peace and record breaking talks with North Korea

/s? I have no response to this.

>Trump stands with Israel and is against the 19 Islamic nations who constantly discriminate against Jews.

As a Jew, I can confidently say this is absolute horseshit and not an undisputed positive.

I feel like you're intentionally oversimplifying everything. If I thought you were arguing in good faith I would explain why you're so misguided, but it's not worth the effort.
$C: 1 trillion in debt faster than any president in the history of the title. 

For starters.

[edit: thanks for the dv, troll]
$C: Aligning with Russia, And N Korea, yet shits on our allies. Doesn't believe every single intelligence agency in the US. Has made a total fool of himself and the US on the biggest stage in the world. 

Tarriffs that will hurt farmers. The insane tax cuts for the upper 1 percent. Denying climate change. Apppointing people ill suited to a job. 

Oh, and then the indictments. How many so far? 

You show me an administration this fucked up in less than 2 years, and I will eat my fucking shirt. 

Wake up. 
$C: The deficit exploding hasn't directly impacted my life in easily identifiable ways yet, but that doesn't mean it won't. These things don't actually work like that. People need to look at the bigger picture and make their own conclusions about how things are vs how they could be. Not everything is about me.
$C: Thanks for this. Gonna read a lot more.
$C: You are really close.  He was Italian and was alive for end of Mussolini’s reign.  The conversation was a defining moment in my life.  It gave me such a sense of calm.  
$C: A youngish country with old cuntlike ways.
$C: I don’t disagree with you.  I used “progressive” as if I was in a conservatives shoes.  
$C: Well, you had a black guy president, authorized same sex marriage and forced the south to take away their flag and statues of general Lee or whoever. 

It's not surprising they lashed back.
$C: Only social policies are moving left. Economic policies are about as right as JUST after the labor movement, and Trump et al are in the process of dismantling regulatory agencies like the EPA and FCC (have we forgotten Pai?). I'm sure they're after the FDA next; looking forward to the sequel to The Jungle.
$C: There’s something romantic and beautiful about the pendulum, no matter how painful it is for those on the left or right in an opposite swing.
$C: There are so many variables and the system is designed to elusive and difficult to understand.  
$C: Thanks so much this.
$C: The point is that it was hopeful, rather than thinking about us falling into a cesspool of shit.  I choose to put stock in it because there is plenty of history that backs it up.  Sure Rome fell, but then again, so did Hitler and the Nazis.  I need some rose colored glasses sometimes.  It helps me believe that a better time is still possible.
$C: I just don’t buy it.  Trump thinks about no one but trump.  Whatever he’s doing, it’s for him.  This has nothing to do with America.  We are being used.
$C: Yeah - Trump is worse at being president and a worse person, but Bush 43 still takes the worst effects prize.
$C: I don’t know what you mean.  
$C: Here here.
$C: He’s going to die of old age in his bed surrounded by his loving children and grandchildren and he’s going to get a yuuuuge taxpayer funded state funeral.  Better start coming to grips with reality.
$C: It should be ADX Florence.
$C: Mar-a-Gitmo
$C: [deleted]
$C: Then so goes any chance at being President longer than 2 years, but I doubt he is clean at all.
$C: I agree with that.

I also like Jello.
$C: Nixon didn't give Congress a chance to impeach, he resigned. Which is what I'm predicting Trump will do. He'll look like a victim to his base rather than a criminal, and keep his base voting for Pence, who will pre-emptively pardon him.
$C: That’s funny. 
$C: So, they knew a full three months before the election that the Russians would interfere, yet they were not able to stop it?  Really?  That is your story?  

"It reflects poor performance by an administration but it's not something you can be charged for. Thus it is not an impeachable offence."  It is not an impeachable offense when it applies to Trump then, right?  Think about it.  

Trump was an ordinary citizen until the inauguration.  He had no power or authority to stop Russian interference.  In fact, certain people testified under oath that they did not tell Trump.  How can Trump stop it when he had no authority and they did not make him aware of it?  It was up to Obama to do something, and apparently he didn't.  

Trump was under illegal surveillance before, during, and after the election.  Keep that in mind.  

Obama to Trump: Stop whining:  

https://youtu.be/UXpRswM-tzc  


$C: Who exactly is Putin's chosen candidate?  Hillary?  It must have been because he can blackmail her for all the illegal deals she was doing.  

Putin certainly would not want Trump to win.  Why would Putin want Trump to make America great again?  That makes no sense.  

So, if the Obama administration could do nothing about it, then how could candidate Trump do anything?   
$C: I am banned from there.  That sub has been compromised for a while now.  

Don't forget what Obama said in that video.  Stop whining!!!  

If you can't stand losing, then don't play the game, child.  
$C: Like every US president has lied a massive amount. You’re this invested in his lie because you don’t like him as a person.

He’s not going to fire Pompeo Mattis or Bolton. Holy shit people don’t know anything about this. Fucking hypocrites as well.

We already knew this. Obama said it, no? So what is this exactly now? It’s a game to get him to say it becuase people know it’s annoying for him to admit. Seriously it’s 2 years after we knew this exact same story. This isn’t news. It’s just pathetic crap again.

There are tons of actual stories going on in the world and this sub is looking more like TD with how much everyone obsessed over him.
$C: It’s he presidents job to delegate responsibility. That’s his power. 

>attacked our law enforcement agents, 

He was right to attack the FBI. Under Comey they flopped their investigations and screwed up big time. 

>and promoted Putin's propaganda.

Obama literally begged the PM of Russia to tell Putin to give him space and he then moved into Crimea. 

>Strzok was investigated and cleared of any wrongdoing.

He was removed from all investigations regarding this. He was directly and most ironically the reason why Hilary lost the election. He did something incredibly stupid. He’s going to get fired and ostracized from the IC. He’s not a hero. He’s a dipshit.

>It's not illegal to privately criticize the president, no matter what some fascist assholes may want.

He said he was going to stop Trump and from there his actions actually reflected intent to do so. 
$C: “We’ll take the government by FORCE with our much smaller guns”

Yeah but the government is compromised right now and not representing the will of the people

“No the armed rebellion is just for when the government wants to take our guns to prevent an armed rebellion”
$C: yup! it’s why having majority control of the senate and house of representatives is seen as a party having total control. in this case even though we do have 47 members of the senate that are democrats, you need 51 votes to pass a bill. republicans have exactly 51 and there are 2 independants but as long as the gop continues to be complacent and all vote the same, they have the ability to essentially control the bills that are ever really seen or talked about seriously.

normally it’s just a part of democracy and is the reason why we have short terms. but because we have a puppet as a president, it’s a worrying issue that could lead to ridiculous blockage of any sort of legislation regarding this

edit: i should add it’s only “total control” if there’s a party president as well. if the president is opposing, then they’d both enter a sort of stalemate. the president can veto what the congress passes, and the congress can shoot down potential bills that would be signed. it’s honestly childish in the grand scheme of things but hey, eagles!
$C: You're correct -- impeachment proceedings need to begin with Congress, of which Republicans currently hold the majority.

The idea is that in the mid-term (meaning, not Presidential but rather for Congress) elections, if enough people vote Democrat, the majority will flip to the Democrats, and action can begin to try to end this mess (specifically with impeachment proceedings, but also in general).
$C: Again, not saying it's right. It's no more right for the US to interfere than Russia, it's just disingenuous for the US to act surprised about it. The sanctimony is the people who think interference in the self determination of a nation is ok as long as it's the US doing it for cheap oil.
$C: There is no whataboutism. This is straight propaganda and it needs to be put in context. The absurdity of this is anyone being surprised, but we are talking about the same people that get their politics from Facebook and Reddit memes.

If they knew that Trump knew before the election, why is this a story now? Did you ever stop to think that maybe this information has been known for a while and that the timing is just so convenient? I don't know what aspects of the article or true or not, but I know that this is old as fuck and thinking that this creates some new relevance that didn't exist before is nonsense.

Trump doesn't matter, if Clinton won, we would have the same discussion because the only point of this story is to drive a wedge in the right and associate supporting Trump with supporting Russia. It would be the same story wedging the left if the tables were turned because this is a foreign government trying to weaken us with our own processes. The interference is the main story, all the people involved knew the whole time what was going on. The Clinton campaign was beating the Russia drum while this was happening and none of it stuck.
$C: Nixon was arguably better than Bush, however. Nixon created the EPA, and introduced the Clean Air Act. Bush meanwhile, started a legally questionable law, squandering trillions, and whose tax cuts saw American debt rise considerably during his tenure. Add in the fact he ended his presidency with the worst recession in seven decades, along with the Patriot Act.
$C: Everyone who lived through the Bush years with any sense knows that Cheney was pulling the strings.
$C: W graduated from of Yale AND Harvard, him appearing like a simpleton farmer type was purely an act.
$C: Dude, chill. W was a fucking horrifying president. You either don't remember or are forgetting the straight up evil shit he did. He absolutely groomed Republicans to accept someone like Trump. 
$C: 600,000 dead civillian Iraqis would like to have a word with you before you go praising GWB anymore, Trump is horrible but never lose perspective on these monsters.
$C: I still think W is worst although Trump can absolutely go lower. 300,000 dead Iraqis and 5000+ dead Americans can make my case about W.
$C: Sames. I’ve said, “give me any other fucking president.”  W. was a saint by comparison.
$C: 100 thousand dead Iraqis, the rise of ISIS: not so bad?
Your moral compass is fucked.

Can't you realize that the GOP is the party of death for America and the world? Or are you paid to avoid that realization?
$C: W is a war criminal. People have short memories 
$C: [deleted]
$C: This is so true, Putin may have irrevocably damaged our democracy though. Trumps just the stooge.
$C: Get some perspective man.  GW got us into a bullshit war that cost 5 trillion dollars, left more than a million Iraqi's dead crashed our economy into dogshit.  

Shit is way better now.  Economy is pretty good.  Lowest unemployment in decades.  He hasn't gotten us into any new wars.  Yeah he has a huge ego, speaks almost exclusively in hyperbole,and innuendo, and has a blind spot the size of Russia.  But he is delivering on the macro scale with the most important stuff.
$C: This makes me shudder to think about, but I also can't disagree.  Trump *pretends* to be in favor of evangelical-based legislation because he's shameless and will do anything to fire up his Christian Right base.  Cruz *really fucking is* a crazy evangelical conservative.  Imagine how empowered that group would be if that terrifying man were in office.

The reality, though, is that any damage Cruz or whoever else (Pence, Rubio, Jeb, etc.) would have caused almost certainly wouldn't caused the lasting devastation that's currently occurring at the hands of the Orange Menace.  I've had this conversation a few times and at various stages of this disaster, and I still don't know how I feel about it.
$C: I've always loved [the eulogy Hunter S. Thompson wrote for Nixon](https://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/1994/07/he-was-a-crook/308699/). Hunter sure hated the man, but he hated him with a grudging respect verging on admiration (albeit reluctantly).
$C: He was even, dare I say, a smooth criminal.
$C: Yes, he did. He actively tried sabotaging the talks so he could gain an advantage.

https://www.nytimes.com/2017/01/02/us/politics/nixon-tried-to-spoil-johnsons-vietnam-peace-talks-in-68-notes-show.html
$C: I think seeing one of his own kids jailed would be the worst outcome for Trump.

But then again, being the narcissist he is, he'd probably be thankful it was them instead of him - "See... It was them... I was innocent after all!!!"
$C: Yes. That actually reminds me of another one i forgot, 

Nixon also brought us Medicare(or Medicaid, i forget which) 

No, im wrong about that, it was LBJ that signed that one
$C: His attitude was one of the most egregious aspects. He didnt feel it was his duty to even attempt to save the union.
$C: He's suggesting Buchanan is.  
$C: James Buchanan.
$C: Are you trolling? Do you really think I’m talking about Lincoln or is the American education system really that bad?
$C: That'd be terrible for Trump too though. I'd be more concerned about him trying to take over — he has expressed interest, multiple times, in dictature. And it'd make sense for him, considering the second he's not president anymore, he ends up in jail.
$C: Thanks, your two cents are worth more than their some values for sure!
$C: Federal law covers classified information.

Upholding the Constitution is an oath, and vaguely defined.

Think of it like the Hippocratic Oath vs HIPAA. Violating the law is a lot worse than violating the oath.
$C: It means something made them hit their breaking point.
$C: Hey I did say legal. I'm not gonna advocate for any of that stuff as interesting as it might get.
$C: #GamersRiseUp
$C: Hey, maybe if New York, Los Angeles, and Chicago vote REALLY hard, you’ll be able to claim that the popular vote matters one day!

Oh, wait, no you won’t. Keep clinging to the idea that 3 cities should control the entire country. 
$C: Thank you for the way that you label these events.  Now could you answer my question as to how this harms the United States?
$C: You have no idea what you are talking about. He did multiple things involving sanctions and expelling diplomats. And ultimately was not able to tell the public in a bipartisan fashion because Mitch McConnell refused to do so
$C: So I'm guessing McConnell's traitorous ass had nothing to do with it in your eyes, huh?
$C: I'd really like to hear your thoughts on turtle Mitch saying he wouldn't be part of a joint statement on the hacking, do you think this is justifiable? 
$C: I'd like to quote the lawyer Andrew Torrez on impeachment and removal. 

>The strategy of those on the Right - the strategy is to convince you that if Donald Trump is not indicted tomorrow, if he's not impeached in his third week in office, that it's all fake - that there's nothing there, it's all a smoke screen. And it's a… lengthy process and it's a lengthy climb and, you know, we're not sure, just like on the price is right, you know, we're never sure when we get to the top until you fall off.

He runs a podcast that covers American law in current events and history. You can imagine there is a lot about Trump--both unfortunately and fortunately. One, they do a great job on covering the actual legal aspects, bringing in historical case law, precedent, etc, and being extremely nuanced. Two, they also regularly tackle hyperbolic left and liberal news that comes up and is wrong in relation to the law, and often they are correcting overreach on what things mean about Trump. I've no doubt this will be on an upcoming episode very soon. They have a segment that chronicles Trump's path to leaving office, called Yodel Mountain, where they *do* highlight any new links in the case against him. 
$C: The difference is this has corroborated sources.

You can say there's no evidence, but there are mountains of it.


$C: 25% of eligible voters, if we want to get technical. And this is Reddit, so of course we do.
$C: Very mature of you! 
$C: Proof that Trump is a Russian puppet? We already know that. I don’t know what you mean by “it.”
$C: This guy/company is an investor of Reddit.

They are close to the Trump family and they support them. If reddit bans T_D, then they probably would face backlash from the investors.

https://www.businessinsider.in/Jared-Kushners-brother-is-breaking-his-political-silence-following-Trumps-election-heres-everything-we-know-about-the-millionaire-entrepreneur-whos-dating-model-Karlie-Kloss/articleshow/63471192.cms


$C: >Is that all you have?

do you see the irony in asking that?

probably not. trump supporters are known for their lack of brain and spine. 
$C: Many democrats and independents felt more comfortable with Trump as president at the time or couldn’t pick their poison but didn’t want to be shamed for not voting. It’s essentially the same result, yeah, but you can’t blame them considering how obviously bad having Clinton as president would’ve been. Trump’s worse than Clinton probably would’ve been, but he did a good job at seeming harmlessly incompetent and useless.
$C: Normal posters don't copy paste the exact post they're responding to, in several different spots in one thread. I saw at least 3 instances of this same user posting the comment, then the same other user replying with the exact same comment. That's just lazy coding
$C: >They have a plan but its just buried in the deluge of Trump's trainwreck of a presidency. 

I won't argue with you, but if you think Trump is any more a trainwreck than anyone we've had over the last 25 years, you're delusional. The economy's amazing, stock market's incredible, unemployment is shrinking by the day, wages are rising as companies compete to get workers.

Inb4: "Muh Obama did that!"

Obama oversaw the years after one of the worst depressions in the country's history, and his recovery was sluggish at best. As soon as Trump took over, you see a noticeable uptick in the stock market as investor confidence soared. 

>If not having decent healthcare and Republicans "clear messaging" is more appealing to you I don't know what to say.

Please pay attention to their message. The Republicans wouldn't win very many voters if they told people to get fucked with healthcare. Instead, they have other solutions...Ones that're far better than the shit-show of Obamacare, at any rate. 

I'm aware of the legislation dems are proposing, but a lot of it is fu-fu feel good nonsense. How often is the gay panic defense used, for example? How about lynching? I ask because 3 dems recently tried to pass an anti-lynching bill (Spoiler alert: Lynching's already illegal). How about MS-13? Why do the dems seem so intent on attacking ICE? Why are they cozying up to illegals at the expense of Americans?
$C: Im all for staying out of echo chambers, but isnt T_D a huge echo chamber. It makes the sentiment feel kind of cheap.
$C: Stop pretending.
$C: >The United States sends election monitors around the world to help discourage fraudulent balloting. But, here at home, it has largely turned a blind eye to the possibility that fraudulent voting by noncitizens could influence the outcome of an election. Our voter registration system is susceptible to abuse by noncitizens.


>In addition, noncitizens and illegal aliens are counted when apportioning congressional districts and when allocating state electors under the Electoral College. This means noncitizens play a role in determining how many congressional representatives a state has and exert an indirect influence on presidential elections.

🤔

https://www.fairus.org/issue/societal-impact/noncitizens-voting-violations-and-us-elections
$C: Woah, slow down a bit, dude. 

>  the reason that the public is not talking about the fact that American universities have become Marxist propaganda outlets that also happen to be regularly producing something like 80% Democratic voters, is because of the impact of the minuscule amount of Republican public voices?

First: The passage of "rejection of the rational-individualistic West" reffered to Romania, Macedonia, "Serbian Bosnia" and Greece – "Orthodox collectivist East". Not American universities.

Second: With my last passage (the one you quoted) I was aiming at the fact that our sociologic ideals (Individual freedom, state of law, separation of powers) are under fire by them sewing division in every possible way, and not what ecnomic model we should persue.

Also: universities are no marxist propaganda outlets! Its pretty normal that young people love the idea of a perfectly just world, equal share of everything (communism on paper), but thats an utopia and not realistic, and people tend to understand that too, if not right away then they understand it later. And the reason why universities are regularly producing 80% Democratic voters is not found with the media, its because they are educated scientists, and look at the republican party, how they denounce scientific facts (climate change is one example), cut science funding everywhere, even their immigration policies cripple universities ability to work properly. 

> the overwhelmingly pro-Democrat media is ignoring a huge problem because it offers short-term political gain to their party.

What do you mean? The media is not overwhelmingly pro democrat, but overwhelmingly anti trump. The man started out as racist and sexist, got called out for that (it doesnt help that he is the opposite of what you could call a statesman). So what do you do when somebody critizises you? He started his own personal war against the media, backed up by fox news and others, delegitimising them as fake when they were simply critical. I hear "left wing media bias is the same thing" all the time, but its not the same thing at all. Its crueling what passes as facts with the right wing media. Its emotion over facts, when it should be about facts and then how to deal with them.

In regards to your view of germany/EU: The EU is not an extension of german diplomatic power. Yes it has the biggest economy in europe, therefore it has some weight to throw around, but the EU contracts are no tool of supression. Please inform yourself more about how the EU works before jumping to conclusions like that, its a fine example for where the disimformation comes from. As to why russia would want germany to control europe: I am not sure. My bet is they want to support germany in that and through their support want to form an alliance ("...and for Russia to rebuild its influence through annexations and *alliances*")

>I don't actually see what Russia gains from political division in the US, exactly.

Direct quote from the link I gave: "In Foundations of Geopolitics, Dugin calls for the influence of the United States and Atlanticism to lose its influence in Eurasia and for Russia to rebuild its influence through annexations and alliances." The US&EU block - or the west - has spread its influence to eastern europe, there are democracies there and countries neighbouring russia are in the nato now. Russia doesnt like that, since they want their sovjet power back. So in order to be able to do as they want over there, they need to weaken the west in every way they can. And look at crimea, how flawlessly that worked.

By the way, please dont use youtube videos for educating yourself, especially not right wing propaganda channels xD Another fine example for where disimformation comes from.

$C: probably because there are no grounds for impeachment yet.
$C: Fair enough. But my comment still stands. Fuck both coin's sides
$C: Seems that way right?
$C: I'm not going to defend the Democrats either. I'm sick of their bullshit too. And yes, classic lesser evil argument. An easy analogy to make. But considering how fucked healthcare is in the US, I'd almost rather have the bullet in the head right about now. At least my family would receive my life insurance policy since I was summarily executed against my will. Anyway, I digress. 

Yes, get them out of power. But power is only a portion of this puzzle we have struggled with for so long. Its not about getting power to another side. Its about getting power to someone who isn't going to abuse it. Those who claim to care about America more than anyone else have already proven that $$$$$ can sway their patriotism.
$C: Yeah!  People just hate on Republicans for absolutely no reason whatsoever!
$C: I used to get ad hominems in my old workplace and I get them in my new workplace. My old workplace was heavily democrat and my new workplace is full of Drumpfers. Both places hate me and resort to strawman tactics and blame dodging.
$C: Care to explain? I'd love to hear your opinion.
$C: I'm sorry but that is too bold of a statement for me to even take you seriously. I disagree very heavily with you on your statements.

1. I was talking about the party, not Hillary Clinton. 

2. Maybe you could use some more research as well?
$C: Nice wall of text? Again, I'm talking about party not candidate.
$C: Who is the all? I have politicians I respect so I wouldn't say all. But you're right. Too many people are defending a clearly flawed president.
$C: Rereading my sentence, I feel ashamed. Haha
$C: It wasn't. The exact same thing could happen. 
$C: I don't think older folk will take well to an armed millennial revolution.

edit: /s, because you people need to loosen up. Nearest mention of "old" triggers you.
$C: underrated comment.
$C: We can do both.  But then again, the party that is currently most affected by this propaganda is the one against education and calling out Russia.
$C: Wasn't a 13 year old and her grandmother beheaded less than a week ago by this boogeyman?

Because I remember that happening. 2 years on, and nothing's come of 'Muh Russia'.
$C: Okay? 

But MS-13 is far and beyond the most violent of the gang members. A cursory google search will plaster you with hundreds of thousands of results discussing how dangerous they are and how many deaths are under their belt.

...And that's with being a fraction of the size of other gangs. 
$C: “good”
$C: Yeah good luck with that 
$C: They were onboard with gaining information supplied by the Russian government. That information may have been obtained illegally.
$C: [removed]
$C: [deleted]
$C: freakin russians got you good.. lower corporate tax so we are stronger on the global economy..  Lower personal taxes so you can save more or spend more or do whatever you want... 

Who didn't see this coming!!!!  They are destroying us!!!!!!
$C: They will never acknowledge treason even if Trump went to the Pentagon and started capping people.
$C: Well, if it was that easy to prove he did it then he would have been gone by now. Trump's team of lawyers also have a counter-argument that he isn't breaching the clause. This sounds like another dead end, nothing burger thrown out there to keep his dissenters hopeful of an impeachment. 
$C: Nice
$C: Trump is a known liar.
$C: I have an honest question for you. If tomorrow it came out that Trump had done something awful, treason to a high degree, we don’t even need to specify because this is hypothetical, would you ever denounce him? Say he has secretly been funding illegal immigration this whole time, or something like that idk. 

Is there ANYTHING he could do to make you not follow him anymore? 
$C: Well said.
$C: What kind of results are you seeing? Honest question. My life is relatively unchanged so I'm genuinely curious.
$C: They impeached Clinton on OoJ charges so caselaw already exists, and it is clear beyond a shadow of a doubt that Trump obstructed justice. 
$C: Clinton was impeached for lying about sex.

He wasn't removed from office.

Trump can be impeached.  He might not get removed from office, though.  Not the same thing.
$C: Right back at ya
$C: The pres sec yesterday listed all the things this administration has done/implemented to ensure what happened during the last administration doesn't happen for other elections. So yes, this admin and pres are doing something.
$C: What has trump done about it as president
$C: All of it.
$C: Hacking the DNC and RNC, selectively releasing emails to create fake scandals and hurt the Democrats while distracting the news from Trump scandals, utilizing both classic and modern propaganda techniques. Standard information warfare, really.
$C: Why didn’t you add the theft of American tax payers for MUH FREE HEALTHCARE or the 9 trillion dollars of debt? 
$C: yes. explain to me why progress is necessarily good.
$C: You can only make fun of these people for your own enjoyment. There is literally zero reason to try to reason its like talking to a rock its not gonna get it.
$C: In other words you have no data.
$C: To be fair the budget deficit has been gigantic for awhile now. 
$C: If he was actually the murderer you never would suspect him as the murderer. He's just that good of a murderer!

$C: [deleted]
$C: >It's pretty bad, but I guess it's not as gross as pedes.

They are so desperate to belong.
$C: I'm staunchly anti trump. No fear in saying that, and my comment history since 2016 will indicate an unwavering support of the idea that he is a puppet installed by a foreign government in a bold and clear effort to undermine the good works that America is capable of when properly guided. 


One of the top posts there indicates a change in policy to promote a healthy dialogue. I ain't mad at that.
$C: That's obviously not what it's for, especially because they've already left up three or four comments. There are people that would lie about being a trump supporter to try to make it seem like a consensus. See /r/Trumpgret, and this is to make sure that the ones that do come through are honestly trump supporters.
$C: > replace every Trump with Obama, and then see how you feel.

I've tried pointing this out as well a few times. Their ignorance is too strong to understand this comparison.
$C: Uh...I don't think you know what the word "irony" means. Whatever you think it means, it isn't that. You're embarrassing yourself.

Also, one of your recent comments actually says (verbatim) "Wow, Ironic display of ad hominem to discredit my use of the term logical fallacy."

That's super euphoric. How much beard could a neckbeard neck if a neckbeard could neck beard? 
$C: What you're reading as anti-Trump propaganda I read (in most cases, not all) as legitimate reporting of facts. Certainly there are exceptions and cases in which bunk, alarmist clickbait is peddled by less-than-reputable sources. I don't think the New York Times is one of those sources.

Follow-up question: when you see anti-Hillary or anti-Obama stuff posted on other subs or elsewhere, does your propaganda radar start going off? If not, it sounds like you might be battling with yourself a little bit when you accuse people of taking the "division bait" with regard to Trump.

I appreciate your sentiment about people getting along, but I think it sort of undercuts the seriousness of what we're facing here. No matter which way you cut it, America is in a state of crisis right now, and that's why some people, myself included, are more concerned with the survival of our national ideals than with being nice to people who we see as being ignorant to the point of benign evil.
$C: That is a small number of democrats. It’s like defining Republicans as Alex Jones viewers. Liberals who are part of the Democratic Party do not agree with these sorts of things.
$C: Violence + Violence = MORE Violence.

punching Nazis is rad AF on flyers and print until you realize that those loser pieces of shit have nothing left to lose and are the scum of earth. They are dangerous and idiotic. This is why you let them do their little march and have their freedom of speech for a few hours and move on. A girl is now dead and another white supremacist is in prison because of violence at what was supposed to be peaceful demonstrations. 

nice try though, as much as you would like to feel otherwise, this has nothing to do with Trump's movement. 

Nazis are scum.
$C: again with the double standards.... sheesh.
$C: Every US intelligence agency disagrees with you. Actually, depending on the day, Trump himself disagrees with you. How deluded can you be?
$C: > What makes you think he acted like a bitch? 

Everything he did at the conference. 
$C: That’s quite literally what he is doing. It’s blatantly obvious T_D trash such as yourself have no concept of reading comprehension. 

Please just go back to your circlejerk because it’s blatantly obvious that your kind aren’t welcome anywhere else on this site or in the general public.
$C: Your a Donald poster. You have no credibility. You are part of a cult.

I frequently check on T_D to see whats posted there. They sunk even lower than fox 'news'. T_D news are mostly bad memes about things you can prove false within 2 minutes. Its a circlejerk, a confirmation bubble. They never have any controversy, and most importantly, its a fucking trap for more simple people who dont know better and want to be a part of something.

T_D is collectivly the most unreflected, misinformed mob I have seen. Even worse, the people there hype each other in their extremist views and shield each other from reality. They are fucking dangerous.

Dont lecture people on thinking for themselves!
$C: I bet you thought the same thing when Obama was elected huh?
$C: Your a Donald poster. You have no credibility. You are part of a cult. 
$C: The electoral college is not a democratic system.  So to be more accurate: The people of the country spoke, and then state electors decided to pick someone else.  And as far as congress races go; they are muddied by voter suppression, gerrymandering, monied interests, and blatant misinformation campaigns.  So you're right in one sense, democracy is working fine; for the countries that actually engage in it.  

We're a Republic, not a democracy. Hopefully we don't go the way of Rome.  
$C: What’s the latest from conspiracy loony land? Are y’all still on pedophile pizza? Is Q still coming to deliver throusands of indictments? Have you graduated from Seth Rich onto less-specific Illuminati deep-state mind control? I literally can’t keep track of the stupidity as fast as you guys invent it. When’s the next “Jews Will Not Replace Us” rally?
$C: Pot meet kettle!
$C: I would take your criticisms of my post more seriously if there was any indication that you actually read it.  I literally said I did not think Trump was fascist, and at no point did I suggest all Republicans are racist.  What I did was post a massive (though not comprehensive) list of the racist things Trump has done and said, acknowledged that Republican voters in general seemed fine with supporting him despite this checkered history of racial animus, pointed out several ways in which the Trump administration is similar to many fascist regimes in the past, and warn that we as citizens all need to say committed to making sure it doesn't get worse.  

Your response was basically a bunch of accusations with no real examples pulled from my post, and several inaccuracies which suggest that you didn't even read it in the first place.  In other words, a typical debate with a Trump supporter.  
$C: Ok but did you even bother reading the comment I responded to? You consider that to be rational levels of conspiracy theories? 
$C: Thanks for your reply.  The comment I was replying to made a different, more specific claim, and stated it as fact.  His comment had no link in it, so I asked for a source.  I legitimately wanted to read a source for it; I wasn’t yet making any judgment concerning its validity.  His comment has since been removed.  I don’t think I’m a fool, and you probably aren’t one either.  Have a fantastic day!
$C: That's not what I was getting at. A example "Trump is a shit and everyone that voted for him is a racist piece of shit." Saying you're against a person while displaying the same characteristic of the person you're against makes them look crazy. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: [deleted]
$C: Butwhatabouthillary?
$C: >They are irredeemable. Shaming them into extinction is the only way to do it. Shame and insults are the only way they know how to operate. It’s the only way to reach them.

You aren't saying they deserve nothing, you are saying they deserved to be shamed. 

But if you aren't the moral arbiter, who will be doing the shaming?
$C: Go outside.
$C: I'm always open to an intellectual debate with the aim of teaching others and learning from them. In other cases, with more heated debates, I to defend my stances and opinions with quite convincing facts and data. What I won't do however is waste my time dignifying an unprovoked childish insulting comment like yours with a proper response.

For future reference - When you learn to conduct yourself properly without resorting to childish insults and false assumptions("I know you're too stupid to defend Trump without.."), then you might actually get productive discussions and learn a thing or two. 

For now, I just hope you learn to behave like an adult. Good day.
$C: [deleted]
$C: That sounds like the Democrats 
$C: Has there been any more nuclear or missile tests? Are we in WW3 yet? 

$C: Aged like milk right there
$C: Can an outside 3rd party buy ads and infiltrate social media? Of course. That's what he's saying. So who is accountable for that? FB/twitter/reddit? Why isn't their more outrage directed at them? What about stupid people on both sides who mindlessly believe corporate social media who only cares about money? 
$C: 1. My comment was directed at the commenters and people upvoting those comments about how this is proof of Russian collusion. If you don't think it's proof of collusion then you agree it's completely irrational for those to say it as such.

2. Trump didn't deny Russia involvement. He's saying the situation is more complicated than that. For one, Russia wasn't the only entity that hacked Hillary's emails. For some reason, the media doesn't seem interested in the other hackers.

3. Didn't stop anyone from leaking the Steele Dossier.

The only reason people are going crazy is because Hillary lost, but go ahead and blame Obama for letting Russia meddle with our elections.
$C: Oh, okay... The intelligence community does lie, but not this time. Got it.
$C: No, people are getting tired of the constant Trump-Russia coverage. That's what happens when you call wolf 24/7.
$C: You literally don't know what the word literally means.
$C: Do you see that as a good thing?
$C: [removed]
$C: So are you just going to hang out in this thread and not answer my question? 
$C: That's a question? The answer is no. Moving along from the morons.
$C: So all you can come up with is a half-baked quip.  Got it.  Shocker.
$C: Those losers in the links? glad you agree with me that they are losers, but unfortunately for you, that IS you. 
You Anti-Trumpers own that image, that is what people see when they look at you guys. [LOL](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mJ8RY3WwEUI)
Your online name is CorrectsTrumpers. You are a literally one of those people.


> 
>You guys are so easily manipulated into doing anything we want.

And yet you keep replying... and yet your whole Reddit account is dedicated to Anti-Trumping...
If you could get us to do anything you wanted you wouldn't be on the internet crying about us.

Keep. Resisting. I'll keep laughing.
$C: > Russia doesn’t influence our news media

How about when they hack DNC emails??
$C: Because people outside of America aren’t paying attention I guess. Look at the comments in this thread. Everyone outside of America is retarded apparently. Joking, I know they’re bots playing dumb.
$C: Something tells me they are people
$C: You are delusional and willfully ignorant of reality. 
$C: > Russia's main goal was making sure Hillary lost.

> Trump won be default do to the system.

Mental gymnastics to the highest degree.
$C: Have you not been paying attention? The Trump Tower meeting? Papadopoulos? Manafort? Cohen and Carter Page?
$C: TIL that if you do anything other than worship Hillary Clinton you’re the “living embodiment of Russian propaganda”
$C: Yeah unfortunately media outlets are owned by just [a handful of powerful companies](https://i.imgur.com/iBieCmK.jpg) compared to even 10 years ago. It's gotten extremely biased in one direction.
$C: This is untrue.  Lots of people are drinking the Fox News kool aid.
$C: Stop spreading misinformation. You never once looked at the March for Our Lives manifesto.

$C: Are you switching goalposts to say that ? Journalists report on what was given to Trump is not reliable?  Journalists confirm sources, and follow an editorial policy.  In this case, many people were in the meeting; Comey, Brennan, etc.  

But you see, that's not what your comment was about.  Journalists don't declare war; the government does.  You were saying WE didn't see the evidence, so WE nor the government (who should follow the wishes of the people) should not declare war.  But...

a) Trump did see the evidence, and

b) No one is talking about declaring war.
$C: Stop lying. You know Russia did a whole lot more than what you’re saying.
$C: you cannot be this naive
$C: I don't believe it. I'm simply stating that it is on the internet, so it must be true. If what everything else that is on the internet is true.
$C: Maybe take a look at this russian textbook on geo politics:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Foundations_of_Geopolitics

You can view it as a bucketlist with half of it crossed out already.

And maybe you should read up on hybrid warefare. Its a thing.

http://www.natolibguides.info/hybridwarfare

As you say, op (and myself aswell) might actually be victims of psychological warfare ourselves, but not from a foreign power, but our own!
$C: Actually according to a list I looked at we were 10-14th place.
$C: Hey!  At least we aren't as bad as--you're telling me that the president shares nazi propaganda on his twitter page and his party has several nazis running for office on their ticket this year?--never mind.
$C: Sure, we have a better justice system than most of them. 
$C: In that case, your arguments make literally zero sense. If you already knew about Donald J Trump losing the popular vote already like you claim, you wouldn't say, **"How are you guys a year behind the rest of the world? It's your own fucking county. The rest of the world has been making you a laughing stock for ages now and you guys can't see the most obvious shit ?"** If we didn't vote for him, then how are we behind the rest of the world on knowing his true character? I'm guessing you haven't heard of the whole 'Not My President" campaign right after he got elected either.

Trust me, us Americans know all about him and have been knowing. If the power were in our hands, he would've been impeached already.
$C: prove me wrong
$C: At their lowest points.in history
$C: Not even comparable when it comes to acid attacks or the RATE OF CHANGE in violent crime and rape which is directly attributable to a conscious choice. 

Plenty of violence over here as you know. Not something to try to emulate. 
$C: More acid attacks in the US? Wrong. More rape in the US? Wrong. 

Mass Muslim immigration into Europe is clearly and obviously ruining it. Nothing to do with the race of the people. Everything to do with the culture and lack of assimilation.
$C: First: not joking.

Second: you brought up terrorism; I didn’t. I said, “refugee”. Interesting...

Third:[authorities are refusing to comment on motives of the 34 year old Iranian born assailant](https://www.thelocal.de/20180720/several-injured-in-northern-germany-bus-assault-reports), so the article not certainly did not prove your point (whatever it was).
$C: And fuck America as long as you win, right? Not American btw, so not democrat. Just watching the show.
$C: Yeah again the people the people that make up bullshit excuses for Trump day and night wouldn’t care or call it fake news. 
$C: Lol. I frequently make new accounts in a (perhaps ineffectual) attempt at keeping them as anonymous as possible. I don't really care if you believe it, but that's the reason. 

I don't suppose you have evidence for "hundreds of thousands of fake votes"?
$C: Sad! If I come across a right-handed source I'll send it over. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: Hillary **is** innocent because she didn’t commit a crime. She’s been investigated. Trump isn’t being declared innocent or guilty by the Mueller investigation! Mueller is creating a report. Damn.
$C: So you’re bitter. Is that why you’re lying?
$C: >[Obama’s remarks were in reference to the then-Republican presidential candidate’s claims that widespread voter fraud would rob him of the election, and his encouragement of his supporters to monitor polling places — and not at all about Russian interference in the election. (Numerous studies have found that voter fraud is very rare in the US.)](https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2018/2/20/17032210/trump-obama-rigged-election-russia)
$C: That’s what I thought 
$C: the Netherlands to be more precise, but I think you got my point right?
$C: Barack Obama hasn't been president for two years but you still find a way to absolve Trump and blame Obama. That's mental gymnastics.
$C: You can't possibly be this dumb. Donald Trump Jr. tweeted about the meeting. What have you been watching? 
$C: The real time part I said may have been only in the past, or maybe it was this time too. Here’s what I found trying to look it up just now. [source](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2018/01/26/dutch-media-reveal-country-to-be-secret-u-s-ally-in-war-against-russian-hackers/?noredirect=on&utm_term=.f1ec7a828133)  

According to Dutch media, AIVD agents also watched when Russian hackers launched an attack on the State Department in 2014 and compromised unclassified systems at the White House as well as in Congress.

Officials later told The Post that the NSA had been alerted to the hacks by an unnamed Western intelligence agency. The Western ally had previously hacked not only the Russians’ computers but also surveillance cameras inside their offices. The unnamed Western analysts were monitoring the hackers’ maneuvers inside U.S. networks and even collected CCTV footage of those involved.


Thursday’s reports indicated for the first time that the ally that alerted the United States may have been the Netherlands. The country’s analysts were reportedly also able to track the location of the hackers' offices down to a university building next Moscow’s Red Square.

The information obtained by Dutch AIVD agents was passed on to the CIA and the NSA at the time, according to de Volkskrant and Nieuwsuur, and could have contributed to a subsequent FBI inquiry into Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election
$C: > The article says 'several' people confirmed (thus leaking information from a top secret meeting) that the president seemed convinced. This would mean that several people were willing to stick out their neck to confirm this. I find that hard to believe as you do too. Nobody would want to deal with the consequences of leaking top secret information.

Unless, of course, they *were not going to be named*.  Then they would be risking nothing.  Hmmm.

>if there was concrete evidence to back any of this up, somebody would've leaked it by now.

Of course there isn't "concrete" evidence.  *You do not record a fucking top secret meeting.* How stupid are you?
$C: The title of this post and the first paragraph of the article.
$C: I’m not finding ways to do anything. 

This is basically a fact. Can you think of one reason a sane and mentally stable individual would still support him at this point?

Taking into account everything his supporters thought he stood for 2 years ago. 
$C: RemindMe! 2 years
$C: There hasn't been a single shred of evidence of collusion. None.
$C: That just isn’t how people are. Parents are always concerned for their children. I don’t want to assume but it is likely “concern for the kids” played a part in our ancestor’s choices to move wherever you and I are located at some point. In some places the risk of “losing their children” to whatever draconian penalties America is insisting upon is outweighed by other factors. Plus, “securing citizenship” isn’t so easy these days. I feel like I lucked out being born where I am and don’t blame people for wanting to be here. 
$C: Why do you think I would trust judicial watch anymore than you would trust politifact? 
$C: Hey idiot you forgot to provide one. Moron and a liar.
$C: It ain't a perfect system, but that's far from evidence of systematic manipulation
$C: Yes... people commit horrible crimes.  I don't see your point
$C: Donna Brazille [walked back those claims less than a week later.](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2017/11/08/donna-brazile-is-walking-back-her-claim-that-the-democratic-primary-was-rigged/)

Do your research next time.
$C: >The DNC went out of their way to use their media connections to bolster Trump over the other GOP candidates and then, on the flipside, they made sure Bernie recieved far less coverage. 

The insane amount of attention paid to the email scandal by the media proves this false. The media (specifically cable) handed Trump the Presidency because he's good for ratings.

>There was also the debate questions fiasco. 

Question, singular. And Brazille sent the question unprompted to the Clinton campaign. 
$C: America lost because of morons and racists
$C: Its 100% true though.
$C: Yes, legally they can choose anyone they want for the ticket.  Primaries are not a constitutional requirement, it's really not that complicated.
$C: The DNC can run whoever they want, they're not obligated to run a person their base likes. Why would they need to "rig" an election when they can just run whoever they want.

This kind of incredible misunderstanding of basic civics reveals everything you need to know about the people who parrot it.
$C: >She got more votes because they *rigged against Bernie*. Do you remember the problems at the polls? Opening too few poll stations so long lines deterred people from voting, people mysteriously having different party registration than the party they’ve been registered as for years? 
>

The fact that they didn't get rid of caucuses (literally the only thing that kept his campaign competitive) is proof enough that any accusations of election rigging are BS.
$C: She got more votes because she won a bunch of primary states, Bernie won a bunch of caucus states.
$C: Why would that just affect Bernie though? 
$C: Trump got fewer votes
$C: I’ve read them. No evidence of rigging. 

Correct me if I’m wrong please. 
$C: So you can’t correct me?
$C: Why would you trust an enemy or stranger? Obviously you chose the word friend for a reason.
$C: Breaking into my house isnt "just happening to see me"
$C: We don’t know what Trump gave in exchange for the e-mails. 
$C: Yes, this is all well and good, and I have the same views on this (for the biggest part). But I was replying to your comment regarding the russians.

Now you can go ahead and say Oligarchs everywhere are playing the same game. Thats not true and precisly why I posted those two links.
$C: Still illegal sorry lol
$C: >Hilary Clinton was breaking the fucking law by colluding with the DNC party heads

This...is not illegal you twatwaffle.
$C: LOL. Your desperation is delicious. 
$C: > I don't have enough information to give you an answer about that currently. 
 
 
And this  ladies and gentlemen is how you can fleece out Russomurican trolls. 
  
 They will never admit to even shit that happened decades ago.  
 
Go bomb another apartment building or something. 
$C: > There's no evidence there man, and their claim that Russia colluded to distribute the DNC emails is a fucking joke considering the information was leaked by someone within the DNC and sent to Julliane Assange of Wikileaks who was holed up in Russia because your crooked ass government doesn't like whistleblowers. 

There is evidence and it's in the indictments. I don't condemn you for not reading them, but as you claim to be a fan of "actual journalism", you shouldn't have any problems finding summaries from unbiased sources. [Here](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-trump-russia-cyber/u-s-indictments-show-technical-evidence-for-russian-hacking-accusations-idUSKBN1K32X1) is one from Reuters, for example.

Now what about your claims? Care to provide some sources?

The rest of your comment is basically pure deflection. So I'll just ignore that. 
$C: Dude.  I hardly know where to start.  First, it's really not clear where you stand on the right to privacy.  You seem to criticize the way the government spies on people regardless of motivation, but in the same breath suggest it's okay that private emails were hacked (or phished, cyber crime laws find no distinction here) because they were doing something legal that you don't like.

Second, for a left-leaning moderate Canadian, your talking points have impressive alignment with Trump Brigaders.  The war line in particular is something exclusively mentioned by pro-trumpers.  Nobody wants to go to war.

Third, do you think anything I've said isn't perfectly obvious to any reader?  I just don't know what you guys hope to accomplish.
$C: My favorite part of this is the claim that the leak came from within the DNC. Where is the evidence of that? You say it like it's been proven already. 
$C: Evidence?
$C: Lol go back to r conspiracy
$C: >There's no evidence there man, and their claim that Russia colluded to distribute the DNC emails is a fucking joke considering the information was leaked by someone within the DNC and sent to Julliane Assange of Wikileaks

And you're basing this off of what evidence?

>Unfortunately, that's not the case, and the DNC files were showing that Hillary Clinton and the DNC colluded against Sanders and other Democrats in competition. That's actually a real actual conspiracy if you don't understand that, but you guys are completely cool with having crooked politicians for some ghastly reason.

We do but it also wasn't illegal. The primaries are not government sponsored or part of a government agency. They are internal party processes to pick their candidate that will run for President. 
$C: Nothing in that first paragraph is true. Assange is in russia? Where's your proof that DNC info was leaked internally? Seth Rich? Are you a cybersecurity expert? 

>If the Russians actually spread that information, they'd actually be doing the US public a favour but hey, you guys want to rush to war based on bullshit.

Funny that's the same exact bullshit Putin said at the press conference and later in the Chris Wallace interview. Do you realize you're spouting his talking points? Very few people are buying this bullshit. You should just give up. However many rubles you're getting is not worth it.


$C: Oh boy sure sounds like you know better than the entire USA's intelligence organization. Surely a random redittor will know more. Surely!

Also rush to war? Get that fucking bullshit out of here. No one wants war.
$C: You've got to be joking me. You want proof of this? Go take the time to read the most recent indictments. Go ahead. I'll wait. 
$C: So, no. You didn't read it.
$C: You are spot on. People are presented with a narrative they want to believe. So things like legitimate evidence fall to the wayside. Every scrap of actual evidence I've seen shows that the FBI has information such as Ip addresses from Russia, and a particular "style" in which some hackers behaved. How anyone can come to a definitive conclusion based on that is beyond me. 
Even IF Russia conspired to sway the election. (Not unbelievable to be honest.) Good ol' Donald STILL LOST the popular vote! How does it even matter!?
Also, what about American "influences" in foreign elections? It is almost as if american behavior can only be tolerated if it is coming from America. 
$C: fucking preach it dude. I am american, i agree 
$C: So you do understand that Trump is most likely going to be impeached, yes?
$C: TL;DR of this wall of text

DNC, Hillary, Gaslighting, nothing about the topic of this article (Trump) and the evidence

Nice try
$C: I take you as seriously as a clown 🤡
$C: Did you skip out on reading too?
$C: Read the article before you bitch lol
$C: [deleted]
$C: In today's modern politiscape it can be hard to discern, but I'm pretty sure I wasn't serious
$C: You assumed correctly, 20 Stanley nickels for you
$C: > EVERY politician is surrounded by corrupt lobbyists.

Since you clearly have trouble comprehending even the simplest of concepts, I'll counter by saying we're not talking about "lobbyists". We are talking about Trump's campaign managers and his top political advisors that have been indicted on various crimes including conspiracy against the United States.

I'm not oblivious to the corruption in DC, but I'm not going to let you turn this into another case of whataboutism- we're talking about the current President of the United States and the federally indicted people that he chooses to surround himself with. 
$C: Probably when it became apparent that the GOP has been compromised by Russia and it likely goes all the way to the top with Trump. 
$C: > cries about partisanship

> Supports Donald Trump

> immeadiately jumps into partisan arguments
$C: I love everyone. I just can't imagine a world where China is #1.
$C: Stupid? Awkward?
$C: These people are morons. Easy enough.
$C: >Absolutely we do, if we turn a shoulder to them we prove their entire argument.

I don't know about their entire argument, but it does provide fodder to their hate flame. 
$C: no no, i was agreeing with you. just quoting what some would say

we besties :*
$C: Are you implying that the registered Republican, James Comey, was treating Hillary Clinton favorably, despite tanking her traction days before the election. Please think how ridiculous that is.

>This has nothing to do with trump, in my opinion they are both dirty.

Stop this too. By no stretch of the imagination was Hilary "as bad" as Trump. The most questionable thing that woman has actually done is possibly mismanage funds for her charity, not know how emails work, and have the charisma of a refrigerator. Get that conspiracy bullshit out of your head. This is what propaganda does to you. 

Your reading of the law surrounding that investigation is wholly inadequate as well. Nothing stopped the DOJ from prosecuting. They could always attempt that. The FBI simply recommended against it. They didn't think there was a case. 

>Although there is evidence of **potential** violations of the statutes regarding the handling of classified information, our judgment is that no reasonable prosecutor would bring such a case. Prosecutors necessarily weigh a number of factors before bringing charges. There are obvious considerations, like the strength of the evidence, especially regarding intent. Responsible decisions also consider the context of a person’s actions, and how similar situations have been handled in the past.

That's what's Comey said, emphasis mine. Please stop spreading misinformation on the internet. It isn't nice. 


Edit: aaand I'm replying to an 8 month old suspicious account with the word "conspire" in the username, in a Trump thread. RIP me.
$C: Never claimed she was a saint. I saw the press conference with Comey and it seemed to me that she was not prosecuted because she was the Secretary of State. They are awarded certain “ passes” because of the nature of her job.  In other words It is typical for someone in her position to do what she did. However if someone like you or me did that we would be prosecuted.

You might say we should all be treated equally but i don’t think so she is in a totally different position with handling state secrets. Kinda like when trump gave up the information about laptops. 

Other than the investigation that did not turn up any results? What else is there? What else make her so dirty? I don’t think she is necessarily a saint but I do think she was draggged through the mud  and Russia took advantage of that.
$C: >21st Century McCathyism is alive and well! Everyone I don't agree with is a Russian!! 

It was a joke you child.
$C: Jesus dude, you need to cool your temper before you type. You really think there were trump supporters in the last 3 decades? You think I claimed this?
$C: You have no evidence to back up any of this subjective opinion.

There are four lights.

> Their $100k ad campaign did little to sway public opinion. Their email hacks really didn’t sway public opinion either, because the media is in bed with the Clintons and played it down as best as they could.

You're just making things up.
$C: But you’re not though right?
$C: Oh god, that makes this even better. 

“Yeah you’re not gonna win anyone over to your side by calling them dumb and gullible.”

“Well, it works when the people actually are dumb and gullible.”

You’re so fucking close to figuring it out!

Edit: of course you post on the_donald...
$C: I almost defended you there, but then you had to mess it up by calling the other side dumb and gullible. Congratulations, you're a hypocrite.
$C: cheers
$C: Well they also believe that dinosaurs were on earth 6000 years ago so thanksgiving is always fun
$C: Russia built Facebook pages into the hundreds of thousands of likes from ads. They only needed to move the needle 80,000 votes to change the outcome.

When people say Facebook ads didn’t influence the election, they aren’t speaking the truth. The ads were blatant propaganda and most of the ads have been released publicly. Some of my own friends shared posts from these Russian ad buys. It worked. (In case your wondering, they shared the one where it was Jesus arm wrestling Satan saying Hilary was Satan, and you have to like and share the post to help Trump Jesus defeat her. Religious conservatives ate it up.)
$C: > which in this context might be Trump, a member of his family or a Trump-owned business 

Keyword is might, as in the entire article is baseless speculation.
$C: [deleted]
$C: [deleted]
$C: It's not a crime but he's clearly been lying to us about Russian involvement.
$C: Obstruction of justice
$C: All i see it a question asked. It’s rude of you to assume his unchanging position
$C: The thing that many centrists don't understand is that Trump's support is driven by cynicism with the American political system.  As far as Trump's supporters are concerned this is all business as usual for American politics.   Conflict of interest with major multination corporations?  Sex scandals?  Connections to organized crime and foreign interests?  Par for the course.  If you want to sway a Trump supporter, you can't just point out that Trump does these things, you have to provide concrete evidence that no one else does.
$C: [Another source you won’t like.  ](https://mobile.wnd.com/2015/05/here-they-are-hillarys-22-biggest-scandals-ever/) 

How about instead of attacking the source you tell me where the factual inaccuracies are.  
$C: An opinion piece on HP blog, another opinion piece on Investors News Daily and some bs from the Washington Times.  Come on! Well sourced news pieces by Pulitzer prized journalists about Trump are called fake news but these 3 pieces show Clinton is corrupt. I’m speechless. 
$C: I did not vote for Trump.  My real problem with him is that when he promised to "drain the swamp" he was (uncharacteristically) clear that that meant ending the revolving door between lobbyists and government.  He even promised to set down rules, much like do not compete clauses, banning political appointees from taking lobbying positions.  The second he appointed his cabinet, he changed the definition of "drain the swamp" to mean gutting major safety and environmental regulations for the benefit of large corporations.  That sort of corruption is far worse to me than licking Putin's ass or Watergate-esque document stealing.
$C: Who is “he”?  Are you lost?
$C: Dude. I’m not a trump supporter by a long shot but at least be honest, it’s so painfully clear Hillary is incredibly corrupt. I would have preferred her win even with that but still, just be real about it. 
$C: This is just laughable. She’s had a decades long career of shady dealings and here you are defending her.  She was fired from one of her very first jobs for being untrustworthy but yeah, she’s a shinning beacon of honesty and truth. Lo fucking l.  
$C: [maybe one of these?](https://i.imgur.com/v3YUQhs.jpg)
$C: Look up Chinagate then come talk to me about this whole Russia situation
$C: I can’t believe you just took the time to type that all out.  Read your list of charges slowly again.  Spies on political opponents, took money, organized crime.  Yeah, she’s got all those boxes checked. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: This is exactly why a cyberattack can be effective at changing people's minds. 

Imagine for a second that in 2016 instead of the DNC getting hacked and revealed, it was the RNC. Lets say for example, it showed various people aware of sex scandals which have now been reported on, or supporting Roy Moore when they knew he was a pedophile, or Jim Jordan knowing about sexual abuse while he was a wrestling coach, etc. Two years after that wouldn't you remember that instead of anything the DNC did at that time which wasn't released? And in this thought-experiment you could see that the election could have been wildly different.
$C: Did you consider the fact I was answering that guys question only about the possibilities of a cyber attack without changing votes, not necessarily ones proven to have happened? Yes, the first two did happen, but that seems to be fine with you. 

Another way is voter suppression, and Republicans already do when they can.
$C: You're the only one talking "sides" here. Right now, it's just you and the other guy. And me, now. 
$C: It quite literally says in plain English, that the issue was brought to the republicans and they refused to act on it. So instead they sent warnings to Putin to stop, as well as expelling Russian diplomats.
$C: “That’s not what the article says even though you copied and pasted that from the article”

Get. Fucking. Real. 
$C: Are you saying my direct quote isn't what is actually stated in the article? Here, I'll quote it again.

\> Obama officials chose another course of action after becoming frustrated that Republican leaders on Capitol Hill would not endorse a bipartisan statement condemning Russian interference and fearful that any unilateral action by them would feed then candidate Donald Trump’s claims that the election was rigged.

With this information in mind, now read this.

\> \[Obama Officials\] chose a private “stern” warning by Obama to Russian President Vladimir Putin at a summit in China in early September 2016 to stop his country’s campaign to disrupt the U.S. election.

Sure, it does say he didn't want to bring it up in congress, you're not wrong. You are, however, putting a massive spin on the situation by completely glossing over the reason WHY they didn't want to bring it up in congress, which is really the crux of the issue. 

Edit: Tried to get the quotes to work, but it isn't doing what I want.
$C: your link said she delivered the message...
$C: B-b-but the RUSSIANS!!
$C: This is what the left has been relegated to; screaming memes on the internet in an effort to try and convey a coherent message.
$C: McConnell wouldn't play ball. Have you done any research on the topic at all?
$C: [removed]
$C: Not blamed, but Republicans did refuse to join with Obama in publicly condemning the attacks.
$C: You tried.  
 
Take your propaganda bullshit, fold it,  and shove it up your ass.  
$C: Man you went way off track 
$C: 100% fucking fake and you know it - or you don't which is worse I think
$C: Yet you blindly trust Trump.
$C: And you believe Trump.
$C: that's poor logic, but you've literally got the cherrypicked examples burned into your brain so there's not much hope you'll understand how that's a bad apple fallacy
$C: So, uh, why lie? Seriously please explain. 
$C: I don't blindly trust each of them. However when all the intelligent agencies say it happened, and the Senate does too, well shit. 
$C: Yes, they’ve made mistakes and, at times, egregious and morally bankrupt ones, but that doesn’t overweigh the countless times they’ve protected our country and done so according to our standards and principals. Given that, I trust their assessment much more that your’s.

Moreover, it’s not blind trust given what is publicly known about the Russian government and Putin. The IC assessment is in line with past Russian behaviors and strategies. Their conclusion is by no means unreasonable and is supported by publicly known evidence collected by agencies in this country as well as others.
$C: Isn’t there a media conglomerate telling you to believe exactly that, I.e. Fox? To say the media that is reporting from the opposite side of the political spectrum is totally lying and brainwashing all that watch it, whilst brushing over the ‘news’ company that is pushing these conspiracy theories. Surely that is equally dangerous?
$C: Oh man... Americans :D
$C: Lunacy at its finest 
$C: Chill the fuck out while they laugh and celebrate at the fall of American democracy. Fuck trump supporters.
$C: Good response tough guy. It's people like you who will cause Democrats to win once again
$C: Oh shit are you incel?
$C: You sure suck dick like one
$C: Why are Trump supporters so concerned about Obama? Why does it make what Trump did okay?

You people are so spineless.
$C: Influencing an election is different that rigging one. Russia did not rig the 2016 election, but they did collude with the Trump campaign to influence it.
$C: This quote is about illegals voting.  Stop misquoting intentionally...
$C: Kanye West and Dennis Rodman mash up.
$C: So you're the screaming Democrat you're talking about?
$C: LOL.  Which time?  I guess you can just pick which of his several contradictory statements you want to believe.

https://www.cbsnews.com/news/trump-russia-election-interference-no-remark-sparks-confusion-cabinet-meeting-2018-07-18/
$C: Are you sure?
$C: Ahhh, the ol' not-double-negative-meant-to-be-double-negative-aroo
$C: So if I'm against election tampering in one place I have to be for it in another?  I'm against election tampering in general.  

I'll concede all of the CIA's bad behavior decades before I was born.
$C: You responded to 0% of the previous two posts. Literally just "well, what about ???" Lazy, disingenuous way of debating.
$C: Hey guys, this guy is taking Russia’s word and side over America’s.  
$C: Dude the whataboutism doesn't work. Im not talking about the USs actions. And lets just say that was true - it doesn't excuse fucking anything so its a pointless argument to make. I don't care who else is pushing propoganda, the ***FACTS*** are that russia has launched a full scale attack on our electoral process through everything from simple propaganda targeted at smooth brains or within groups to cause division, to ***actual breaches of our electoral systems***. This isn't about anything other than trying to protect America's elections. If you **ACTUALLY** cared about americas election security, youd give up chasing the ghost of illegals that don't vote and realize that an actual threat exists. But you only care about keeping brown people from tipping the scales to democrats.
$C: Who has said forget about it? If there is evidence then lock all involved up regardless of party. You need to look into anonymous sources and why they exist. Trumps corruption and policy changes in benefit of himself and friends as well as alienating allies isnt up for debate. Hell he's even too much of a weak snowflake to deal with being in London during protests due to his fee fees getting hurt. I think most people would like to see Obama locked up if he's done anything wrong. Trump has its not up for debate anymore. If you're not a troll. Ask yourself why youre defending someone who frankly isn't a good person. 
$C: Sure, we should prosecute Obama for the shit he's done as well. But right now you have a rabid monkey in the White House turning shit upside-down and shitting everywhere, while a cult of fanatics stand on the sides cheering him on.

Stop using whataboutism. Take som responsibility for yourself and move outside the binary us/them way of thinking.

$C: The Watergate scandal was investigated for just about as long with Nixon trying to do his best to discredit any information leaked to the media, specifically the most famous (it was only revealed after he passed) anonymous source DeepThroat. The current issue with Russia and Trumps presidential seems larger and father reaching I wouldn't be surprised if it took another year. In the end perhaps Trump didn't knowingly collude with Russia but all signs are pointing to the fact some people most certainly did. They should be justly punished for treason.  
$C: sounds like something a person leading and entire country would do...seems like some of our politicians are party over country
$C: Interesting that they let Trump influence their actions because he was right.
$C: Maybe if I didn't want my life and that of my family's to be endangered or harassed to death, I'd be very discreet.

That professor who helped the FBI is one classic example. 

Try understanding investigative journalism for once instead of using other people's brainless, low effort talking points for once. ;)
$C: Actually. Before Reagan it was the republicans that were the responsible party, the ones who cared for the people and weren't all about the almighty $$, and it was the Democratic party that was shifty af. 








But after Reagan the republicans wanted to distance themselves, so they switched parties. Only the extremists stayed in said party.










But I don't associate with either party, I am for the people and what's best for them, if one year Republicans are for the party, then I'll vote for them, and vice versa, but that hasn't happened in my lifetime.











You see, this all boils down to nurture vs nature. Some who were nurtured have opened their eyes and learned how to think for themselves even though information was forced upon them, but most, like you and 98% of the republican party, were never able to get out of the nurturing slump.











People who were raised through nature were literally taught how to think for themselves. They were taught how things worked, and none if which were taught to be right or wrong. The parents let them think for themselves, which is powerful.











I was taught through nurture, but I was naturally curious and actually thought for myself. If something didn't make sense I would question it, and refused to believe in something simply because my family did.









My Grapa is hardcore Republican even though his veteran benefits were taken away from him. He somehow blames Obama lol. Sad really. But I'm there for them by voting for them when they vote against themselves. 
$C: The ultimate reality show
$C: This article is true.
$C: But imagine someone trying to fuck with their internet rights. Now that would get them to do something.
$C: You can't possibly be this dense right?
$C: And so is your ideology.
$C: Probably should leave your echo chamber then and join the *majority* of Americans who didn't want Trump.
$C: Lol obama is Putin’s puppet?  Do you have anything to back that up?  Of course not.  I love you trumptards say that after Donny took it in the ass from Putin and embarrassed the entire country last weekend.
$C: So your takeaway from all the news coming out lately is not that Trump is Putin’s bitch, but somehow it’s Obama’s fault that Trump worked with Putin?
$C: Yikes, I'm going to need you to source your claims: 

1. Proof that fisa warrants were created based only on 3 dossiers and not on additional information. I'm also going to need a source on one of the dossiers being publicly disproven. I haven't kept up to date on all of the dossiers, so it's possible that one was disproven, but I haven't heard anything about it. 

2. Your second point about McConnell is silly. There's no "if it were even true", because that's literally what happened. And Obama didn't even ask him to say anything about Trump or Russia specifically, so that is some wild speculation you're doing. 

3. Maybe there's isn't proof of that yet, but you can't rely on that to discredit the investigation. You also have your facts wrong because it hasn't been two years; the investigation started in May 2017 so it's barely been over a year.  Months ago there was no evidence of collusion at all and now we know that there was at least one congressional candidate who did exchange information with Russian operatives. Let me remind you that it took two years for any smoking guns to emerge from the Watergate investigation, so the amount of elapsed time is still under the historical average. 

4. I'm not going to address rumors or points that nobody is talking about lol. I'm going to consider those as strawman logical fallacies because nobody credible here is bringing them up besides you. Nobody is saying that everything Trump is doing is approved by Putin, so I suggest you take down that strawman because YOU are the one who is looking nuts right now. 

Additionally, all your sources must have high factual reporting according to the mediabiaschecker; they can be as biased as you want, but they must have high factual reporting (which, fyi, excludes cnn too. They are a pretty unreliable source. )
$C: [deleted]
$C: Are you kidding me right now? 

https://www.nytimes.com/2018/02/17/technology/indictment-russian-tech-facebook.html

https://www.recode.net/2018/2/16/17021048/robert-mueller-russia-facebook-social-media-donald-trump-presidential-campaign-2016-hillary-clinton



$C: Those things happened dipshit. Lol
$C: LOOOOOL


HOW THE FUCK DO THEY PROVE PARENTHOOD???? 

#NO PAPERS


get real. holy shit.
$C: it actually didn't, The facility has been updated since then. It is said to more resemble an American school currently but the photo that went viral that you all got baited into freaking out on Drumpf about was [from 2014.](https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/childrens-concentration-camp/)

Trump 2020
$C: I have a feeling you're not going to count anything as official unless it comes from trump himself, and that's never going to happen because trump won't admit he didn't deserve to win. 
$C: If you were being skeptical way back when accusations of Russian meddling were first made then there’s nothing wrong with that. It’s healthy to keep keep a critical mind. At this point though? With everything coming out of US intelligences and the Mueller investigation? You should start checking your priors and start wondering if something else is swaying your opinion. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: Are you dim?
$C: [deleted]
$C: [deleted]
$C: WRONG. He said there was no Russian meddling multiple times after we come to find out he was shown undeniable evidence. And his base ate that shit up. Lemings, the lot of you. https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2018/2/18/17025350/trump-doubts-putin-russia-meddling-multiple-times
$C: What about the fact that the investigation doesn't revolve solely around Trump and that it has produced indictments and guilty pleas already? Calling it a witch hunt after that fact is ludicrous. An innocent person wouldn't be condemning such a thing, they would be thanking the investigation for a job well done.
$C: They're not relevant because they're not the president! What about this do you not get?
$C: >  but if you think he's the only one that has you need to take a second and look around at all available information.

True but completely irrelevant. I don't care what anyone else has done, I care what Donny boy is doing since he's the current POTUS. What-aboutism is moronic but seems to be all the Trump supporters have (not calling you a supporter, just in general). They refuse to see any negative to Don the god-emperor and just go to the same tired well of 'But... But Obama! Hillary!'.

Anyone who brings up Obama or Hillary when talking about Trump is a fucking idiot and just trying to deflect from Trumps many, many, many, many, many flaws and shortcomings.
$C: I don't understand what you're getting at. We voted in Bush for 2 terms, Obama for 2 terms and so far Trump for 1 term since the Clinton era.


$C: Well the meddling also stems into spreading misinformation
$C: > People changing their votes in light of factual information

Remember that Russia also propagated a lot of false information masquerading as news. 
$C: She has a real man so good try plus i dont date sluts like you :,)
$C: i can really tell what you care more about and let me tell you buddy it reflects poorly on you. putting aside the fact that you're, generally speaking, full of shit. (and probably doing paid labor for free in the act of posting this irrelevant nonsense.)
$C: Unless Trump is responsible for the email thing then yeah, his in deep shit. But i digress cyber attacks are common thing nowadays because of the rapid change in cyberspace and cyber web but i mean it's not going to destroy our country like if the negligence of Hillary. For all we know she could have let out those codes and they whoever they are, are to attack us. This is an interesting conversation. 
$C: You cult followers think everyone that hates trump is a leftist or Hillary supporter, you dumbasses are pathetic. 
$C: And again, you demonstrate why you are a typical sense-less Trumpkin -- unable to wrap your head around how *New York Times* investigative reporters gather news.

Hint: they didn't make up the people they talked to -- not that you believe "reality" versus "conspiracy"
$C: Easily debunked lie.

https://news.vice.com/article/the-cia-just-declassified-the-document-that-supposedly-justified-the-iraq-invasion
$C: Look kids, a delusional leftist who claims that everything CNN does is actually a tactic used by Trump supporters. This article does not have one source. I have never said Fake News before, but by God it seems like I should say it this time.
$C: Just keep reading man
$C: That makes no sense.  What are you calling a lie?  Your inability to comprehend things?  You’ve already admitted that one.  Us caring about the lies?  Well three seconds in this post will show we do.
$C: My god why didn't the top government officials think of that? If only they had your superior intellectual capacity it would have been so easy! You have it all figured out! I bet it's because of all of your years of experience as a political figure
$C: Because conservatives are the biggest snowflakes.
$C: 1: You are speaking for yourself. It is their call and at this point I bet it is “under the advice of legal council”.

2: That isn’t an answer. You are referencing things from half a century ago. What is the simple and most likely answer for this current behavior?
2.5: yo what you talking about? Tell me about WW2.
$C: Actually the tactics that they used are the problem, because they're all illegal. And the larger issue here is that they installed a compromised individual into the oval office. 
$C: That doesn't include local government. Local government, for the most part isn't near this level of corruption, if at all. Also, local government is extremely necessary for day to day life.
$C: Yes I agree things get out of hand quickly. 

It's important to note their children that are enrolled may be citizens. It's a complicated issue. For instance illegal immigrants pay a ton of taxes, including social security that they do not qualify to receive. So taxation without representation is probably the argument for letting them have a say for the schools at least. I live in California and I think it's right to send even illegal immigrant children to school, because children should be educated and not blamed for their parents actions. As a Californian I would rather have educated people here. Illegal immigration is one of those issues people tend to feel strongly about for specific reasons.( Lots of things getting passed around quickly on that topic to get people riled up.) But I think it's important to have compassion and to look out for all children when trying to solve tough problems like that. 
$C: Congratulations on not giving a fuck?
$C: Haven't found anything? Manafort, Cohen, Papa D, Russian hackers, Butina, but nope, you're right they haven't found anything.


$C: So you link me bullshit?
$C: Why are you obsessed with this server? Are you really so dumb to believe Trump’s quarter-baked lies?
$C: Reading comprehension for the win.

You are trying to make the point that Syria didn't use chemical weapons.  You claim the report you linked to retracted the earlier reports.   But your points are bullshit.



Your linked newer report focuses on **Douma** in 2018 and in **Al-Hamadaniya** and **Karm Al-Tarrab** in 2016.  

It does not say that other attacks in other places didn't happen.  The opposite is stated:

> The FFM has previously confirmed with a “high degree of confidence” the use of chlorine, sulfur mustard, and sarin as weapons.

My linked reports, from only a few weeks before, state that chlorine-based chemical weapons were used in Al Talil neighbourhood of **Saraqib**.  Sarin and Chlorine were used in **Ltamenah**.

What you did was jump on one report, on one location to claim that it meant the same for other locations mentioned in other reports.  You then made up some bullshit about how the newer report makes the older ones obsolete.  

Try harder next time.


$C: Stop pretending that people don’t care. Damn you Trump-bots are sick fucks.
$C: Good journalism does it best to rid reporting of bias. The New York Times is good journalism. They don't post things the second they happen. They fact check and get it right. You often have to wait after other news organizations report on something to see it there. They would rather miss out on all those readers than report it wrong. 
$C: There are specific people quoted, not departments. 
$C: ^^^🎻
$C: Lol there’s a big difference between two people talking shit and journalists sources. Get outta here with that garbage. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: Jesus. Include me in the screen cap
$C: Wow. I don't even know where to start. You just stuffed 10 pounds of shit into a 2 pound sack. Please don't reproduce. 
$C: Ok Jan. 
$C: [removed]
$C: You need to ask why, honestly?  90% of the comments are accusing the President and his supporters of treason, a charge punishable by death.  This of course, because Russia stole and published documents belonging to Podesta and the DNC.  That obviously means Trump should be hanged to death...
$C: you were castrated for something? i'm sorry to hear that.
$C: That's very hard to believe.
$C: Silly me. Assuming someone that calls  themselves a Russian is, in fact, a Russian. 🙄
$C: I’ll do it for you. 

https://youtu.be/UXpRswM-tzc

The context: Trump was saying that the election was rigged and that there would be voter fraud. Obama says that voter fraud (vote tampering) on a significant scale is not possible. 

He doesn’t once mention Russian meddling and neither had Trump. 

But feel free to quote the exact words in the video where Obama says what you claimed he said. Until then, stop spreading misinformation. 
$C: https://www.nytimes.com/2017/11/01/us/politics/russia-2016-election-facebook.html this article has some of the ads people would see on their Facebook feed. This is where Cambridge analytica came in. What they did was use data points from Facebook likes and such to determine who would see the ads. If you were determined to be receptive to right leaning propaganda these ads would be all over your feed. 

https://sclgroup.cc/home this is the parent company of Cambridge analytica. Just read the stuff on the home page. It's scary.

http://www.businessinsider.com/facebook-personality-test-cambridge-analytica-data-trump-election-2018-3 this article talks about how they asses your O.C.E.A.N. score
$C: Yeah, sorry, that guy way being uneccesarily rude.

I really think it boils down to the fact that the American process is due process, and rashly making huge decisions to invalidate an election even if there *is* ample evidence to support some wrongdoing in the process would set a very bad precedent. 

I severely despise what has happened in our country and what Trump and his administration are doing to it, but to take action that, in the end may truly be warranted, but in a abnormally rushed manner would be a bad thing for our country in the end. Even if it is for a very good reason. 

While not ideal, excuse those of us who have our hair on fire reading the news that gets worse and worse by the day, since many of us have seen this coming since day one, and it’s almost worse than we could have ever imagined. It’s a bit unnerving. 

$C: I’m not the guy you’re responding to, but you’re the one who wrote something blatantly wrong while commenting on an article you didn’t even bother reading...so you can’t exactly get mad if someone insults your judgment/intelligence in that scenario. 
$C: "other people do stupid things, so when I do stupid things, nobody should be allowed to call me out"

FTFY
$C: Yes, but at least Obama tried to do something. 
$C: Its in the process of being proven. 

You don't know what evidence Mueller has. HINT: he has everything.

Russia controlling the President of the US is indeed against the best interest of all Americans. Outside of those that are in bed with said Russians.

You seem to have a very limited understanding of Trump Russia. I would suggest reading all of the current indictments that are publicly available as a starting point.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Exactly. I don't watch the news, I get most of it from here mainly because of the fact that if someone posts something, there will be a ton of people trying to prove them wrong for karma. Reddit is an automatic resource generator lol.












We the people out number the government, but even then nothing is done. There have been marches, peaceful at that. Unfortunately nothing will change until drastic measures are taken.
$C: Thankfully I know you are just insane.
$C: Again, the extent of their influence on the election itself is irrelevant. If they contributed to the election effort they still have influence over him now either by his choice or by holding something over his head. He is a puppet, get it? 
$C: [deleted]
$C: [removed]
$C: > Meeting with Russians 

For dirt on their opponent = collusion. 
$C: Nope. 

Spy reports general info, both legal and illegal, like an analyst. An informant is specific about the subject he reports on, like the Trump campaign coordination with Russian election interference. 

Real easy distinction. 
$C: None of those people are the president right now, they are completely irrelevant.
$C: All of our intelligence leaders agree on this, which strongly implies the evidence they were shown was very convincing. 

>They included stolen emails from the Democratic National Committee that had been seen in Russian military intelligence networks by the British, Dutch and American intelligence services. Officers of the Russian intelligence agency formerly known as the G.R.U. had plotted with groups like WikiLeaks on how to release the email stash.

>And ultimately, several human sources had confirmed Mr. Putin’s own role.

>That included one particularly valuable source, who was considered so sensitive that Mr. Brennan had declined to refer to it in any way in the Presidential Daily Brief during the final months of the Obama administration, as the Russia investigation intensified.

>Instead, to keep the information from being shared widely, Mr. Brennan sent reports from the source to Mr. Obama and a small group of top national security aides in a separate, white envelope to assure its security.

>Mr. Trump and his aides were also given other reasons during the briefing to believe that Russia was behind the D.N.C. hacks.

>The same Russian groups had been involved in cyberattacks on the State Department and White House unclassified email systems in 2014 and 2015, and in an attack on the Joint Chiefs of Staff. They had aggressively fought the N.S.A. against being ejected from the White House system, engaging in what the deputy director of the agency later called “hand-to-hand combat” to dig in.

>The pattern of the D.N.C. hacks, and the theft of emails from John D. Podesta, Hillary Clinton’s campaign chairman, fit the same pattern.


$C: I didn't know arguments had an expiration date. I always thought what mattered was whether they were valid or not. Trump started bragging about economic performance almost immediately when he assumed office despite the economy not changing that fast. 
$C: Tell me why this AP article is wrong. And what does it being old have to do with anything? It’s from November of last year, how is that “old as fuck???”
$C: They're still there. All the names, right there in caps so that they're easy to read. With the description, and the word "hack," and everything. It seems like something you'd love based on what you've been talking  about. Just a Google search away. Maybe you're afraid to read it, instead. Cognitive dissonance is painful. 
$C: Slightly busy with work this morning, sorry. 
$C: The allegation is that Russia used their intelligence agencies and invested money in pushing a narrative that suited a single candidate. This amounts to a foreign government influencing American domestic affairs.

The whole idea behind the investigation, is to determine what actually happened here due to the fact that every American Intelligence Agency and that of every American ally, suggests that Russia was favouring Trump as a candidate and using Russian resources to discredit his opponents. Fake news is indeed everywhere indeed but actual indictments are a very strong indicator of something.

There have been over 20 indictments in the Russia investigation to date which are only sought after the justice department knows that they have enough evidence to convict someone in court. Obviously, the fact that members who were part of the Trump campaign that have been indicted as potentially Russian agents; sort of asks many questions of Trump. These investigations take a very long time because you can't rush these things.

Personally, I think there are only two likely scenarios. One is that Trump is a complete and utter oblivious moron. The second is that he was aware and that he's somehow beholden to Putin (this is the allegation of the pee pee dossier which has been consistent with the evidence revealed in the Russia Investigation). Add in his trip to Europe where he just shit on Europe's lawn and alienated Britain (who is in desperate need of friends).

I think by your final question, that your thinking is similar on Trump. Do you think that a compulsive liar like Trump would be quiet about something like this or maybe he's just a moron.

The real crisis might be in the future if Trump or anyone near him, is indicted. Trump has the privilege of a Presidential pardon and you can see that pardoning people that have been working with Russian intelligence agents might destroy the faith of Americans in their own democracy, That's when I'd fear about violence and blood on the streets.
$C: I'm asserting from the perspective of how likely you are to end up hurting yourself or someone else in a violent outburst.
$C: You have got to be kidding?  How is he playing the long game?  Your in the cult of Trump so deeply that you can't see the significance of this?  Maybe you should open your eyes instead of asking others to close theirs. 
$C: Er, no, it was because HRC isn't personally a very likeable person. That's all.
$C: Obviously you can't read... No point in explaining facts to you, you'll still find something to bitch about.
$C: They did. Obama didn't act on it though, because he didn't want to be seen as tampering with the election himself, or unfairly influencing it. He put his trust in the American people to do the right thing, and America failed him. 







https://www.npr.org/2018/07/15/629281975/fact-check-did-the-obama-administration-respond-to-election-interference-by-russ









https://www.washingtonexaminer.com/news/obamas-cybersecurity-coordinator-confirms-susan-rice-ordered-stand-down-russian-meddling-2016-election








https://www.yahoo.com/news/obama-cyber-chief-confirms-stand-order-russian-cyberattacks-summer-2016-204935758.html











Directly from the article. 

Instead, Obama officials chose another course of action after becoming frustrated that Republican leaders on Capitol Hill would not endorse a bipartisan statement condemning Russian interference and fearful that any unilateral action by them would feed then candidate Donald Trump’s claims that the election was rigged. They chose a private “stern” warning by Obama to Russian President Vladimir Putin at a summit in China in early September 2016 to stop his country’s campaign to disrupt the U.S. election.

He tried to do something about it, but received no support and knew how it would look considering trump had already started spouting that the elections were rigged. 
$C: > no one has find anything yet

What rock have you been living under?
$C: Please, be my guest and show me one instance of Russian state media showing America in a positive light.
$C: You don’t even know what you’re talking about. Link me the quote from the article. But you can’t.
$C: I would like him to not be best friends with Putin and treat him like our closest ally. I would like him to give that respect to countries that are our allies. I would like him to stop misleading the American public about what our intelligence agencies say. I would like him to fully support the investigation . 
$C: I just linked an article explaining how Russia hacked the DNC. The server bullshit is a Trump lie that you’re pushing because you’re a bot.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Right, with all those guns, Gatorade, and that lack of education. 
$C: Yes, because the dossier is raw intelligence, and none of it has been disproven. A lot of it has been confirmed even. So you’re lying. Read about Steele if you want.

https://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2018/03/12/christopher-steele-the-man-behind-the-trump-dossier


$C: Haaaha did this take you 5 seconds to find as well? Just stop, you're pathetic.
$C: The FBI had started an investigation into the Russian ties even before the dossier came out. Even without it, it's possible to end up at these same revelations due to the actions of those in his campaign, especially when it comes to the loud mouths of Papadopolous and Page. 
$C: Haha, says the guy who can't read an article...









Cognitive dissonance....











They did. Obama didn't act on it though, because he didn't want to be seen as tampering with the election himself, or unfairly influencing it. He put his trust in the American people to do the right thing, and America failed him. 

 https://www.npr.org/2018/07/15/629281975/fact-check-did-the-obama-administration-respond-to-election-interference-by-russ









https://www.washingtonexaminer.com/news/obamas-cybersecurity-coordinator-confirms-susan-rice-ordered-stand-down-russian-meddling-2016-election








https://www.yahoo.com/news/obama-cyber-chief-confirms-stand-order-russian-cyberattacks-summer-2016-204935758.html











Directly from the article. 

Instead, Obama officials chose another course of action after becoming frustrated that Republican leaders on Capitol Hill would not endorse a bipartisan statement condemning Russian interference and fearful that any unilateral action by them would feed then candidate Donald Trump’s claims that the election was rigged. They chose a private “stern” warning by Obama to Russian President Vladimir Putin at a summit in China in early September 2016 to stop his country’s campaign to disrupt the U.S. election.

He tried to do something about it, but received no support and knew how it would look considering trump had already started spouting that the elections were rigged. 
$C: [removed]
$C: Even though you don’t see it can you not see why others would have reason to doubt Trump’s integrity when he says he did not collude? 
$C: The first one is about Obama’s sanctions against Russia for meddling which is interesting because Republicans thought the sanctions where good but overdue.  

There was an early scandal about Trump reaching out to the Russians to reassure them that he’d lift those sanctions. 

The second one shows that he has known about the conclusions of the IC in regards to Russian meddling since before he took the oath. He decided to dismiss those findings in multiple public statements. 

Of course these are the same agencies he sometimes says fully supports and at other times questions their reliability. He just did this recently in the span of three days when he stood next to Putin and said he believed him that Russia didn’t meddle, then he read a statement saying he did believe Russia meddled, then in a cabinet meeting he said he doesn’t believe Russia is still meddling despite the IC saying they are. 
$C: No, what he said was stop whining. It's right here: https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2018/2/20/17032210/trump-obama-rigged-election-russia
$C: [Today, Powell says his speech was approved by former CIA chief George Tenet,](https://www.pbs.org/wgbh/frontline/article/colin-powell-u-n-speech-was-a-great-intelligence-failure/)
$C: I didn't like it, I didn't hate it. It would have been much better if they limited it to maybe one genital joke.

Edit: Also more Bill Murray would have been nice.

Honestly they could have easily worked the film with the characters just being the original Ghostbusters' daughters.  (Maybe set it in the near future to account for the fact they are a little old to have been born right after ghostbusters 2)
$C: I *think* the user you replied to was joking.

Or at least I hope so.
$C: I know sometimes it can be hard to detect sarcasm/satire through text but goddamn this is some serious cringe lol.  Please delete this garbage 
$C: Says the guy who moments ago used "deep state /nwo" hilarious shit 
$C: While it's not a proof, Russia is an authoritarian country and it's hard to get rich and powerful without Putin's support. Oligarchs that have ended up on the wrong side have found themselves imprisoned despite not being more corrupt (or less corrupt) than Putin's friends.

It's not proof but that makes it unlikely that something like this would happen without Putin's explicit or implicit support. 

Putin's special personal hatred of Clinton coinciding with the attacks specifically targeting Clinton is also a coincidence that looks bad for Putin's defense.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Not just that. It allows stupid to find other stupid easier. In a world where you almost never met someone who shares your views, you'll start to reevaluate them. With the internet you can easily find people who believe all the crazy things you do and reinforce them. The internet has become the worst echo chamber.
$C: Education of people to think objectively and look for verifiable facts along with recognition of news biases would help with this. However I sadly dont see this happening any time soon... 

$C: I have a cousin who falls into this category. Smart guy but loved to post Obama misinformation and Trump information all day on Facebook. He never bothered to check for references and took it all as gospel. I think he's getting the picture now since he doesn't post anything other than family stuff these days 
$C: Metal Gear Solid 2: The most relevant video game in history. 
$C: Exactly. Boomers have known the Information Age for less than half their life spans. Their limited access to information in their youths has not aged well with the growth of the internet. Naturally, many of them don’t know how to use information accessibility responsibly.
$C: True. We live in a world where people will listen to their spiritual/religious leader rather than their medical doctor. Even when presented the truth or a solution on a silver platter they will deny it and follow someone who has no relevant knowledge.  

The Facebook brigades just follow what the majority of people they know do instead of coming to their own conclusion whether it be the same or different. It's crazy. It's one thing to be uninformed and know you're uninformed or to be uninformed and think that what appears on your Facebook feed is going to inform you.
$C: We have to take proactive measures to teach people what signs to look out for. We also have to make journalism a larger focus in education.

People don't trust what they don't understand. 
$C: See, your dad is educated and doing the smart thing because hes second guessing what he reads.
My Father-in-Law is the same way but he isnt very educated himself and is a bit slow but he knows this and asks me to look up information for him since he struggles with finding the info or understanding it. My Mother-in-Law on the other hand is the oppisite and is the type to rehash everything she finds on facebook to her family.
$C: The thing you'll notice as people get older is their opinions tend to galvanise, something happens to people when they become a part of the wider world. A kind of bull headed ignorance, worse even; an anti-intellectual pride in 'not knowing that shit'. That, combined with a foundation of ignorant parents tends to perpetuate the dumbness. 

Its as if the difference in 'smartness' becomes magnified as time passes. People can walk and talk, make babies, go to work ang  get mortgages, pass driving tests etc etc. These take up most of a person's life. But they're all basic skills, methods created that allow your average human to partake in all of these seemingly complicated activities but barely scratch the surface of complex thoughts.
 For instance, only in the last few years has the complexity of what a bank does when a mortgage is created become even public knowledge, not even near common knowledge. I've explained it to people who have degrees, work in professional capacities even they just don't have enough time to be bothered to try and comprehend the ramifications.

That is an example of something/information that simply wasn't broadcast widely, kept within financial services circles but wasn't exactly hidden or purposefully twisted.
Its still left to lie as is. Unchallenged and unchanged. 

 When you have teams of people working day in and day out to literally bend the perception of a reality. Lying and effective with their lies in order to drive agendas you've little chance (at the moment at least) of breaking the veil of ignorance of the masses. 

The machinations of busy, smart, driven, psychopathic capitaist 'leaders' like this situation just fine. Free range slaves is an apt and just discriprion for a lot of the population. 

Your high-school cohort will hopefully have a smaller proportion of life long ignoramuses than mine but as people become preoccupied by the grind of their lives, they will become as many have before, Meat for the machine and willing yet unknowing 'victims'. 


$C: I encourage everyone to question everything and fact check everything on Reddit, too. Parroting things that are wrong just hurts our cause, spreads confusion, and draws a moral equivalence.
$C: Exactly. Everyone’s talking about Facebook while imagining their Aunt sharing every over-the-top headline they see. The reality is that it’s on both political sides, all platforms. 

I’d say “stay diligent and check sources blah blah blah”,  but the people who are actually willing to do that aren’t typically part of the problem. That said, I admit I don’t always do my part because I’m human and sometimes it’s easier to trust a source for the sake of keeping up in this new age of rapid-fire online politics.

Its not just ‘stupid people’ sharing misinformation. 
$C: https://web.stanford.edu/~gentzkow/research/fakenews.pdf

Here's a link to a study that investigated the prevalence of fake news in the 2016 election and how social media facilitated its distribution. Although it does not make an argument whether this impacted the election, its notes widespread distribution of Fake News and that social media was facilitating its spread, supporting my argument.

This is a study I could find from 10 seconds of bothering to Google the issue instead of speculate about it. I will note three claims and sources of information cited in this research one could also consult for further information:

1) 62 percent of US adults get news on social media (Gottfried
and Shearer 2016)

2) the most popular fake news stories were more widely shared
on Facebook than the most popular mainstream news stories (Silverman 2016)

3) many people who see fake news stories report that they believe them (Silverman and Singer-Vine 2016)

So, let's get past hand-waving arguments and speculation. Here's data and research into the topic that supports my point. What do you have?
$C: Studies have been done on this. I link one of them and make note of other references in a comment elsewhere in this thread if you are interested.
$C: A blatant clue to see every day by the way is, his "tan" is not a tan you would get from golfing. You can see right through it. Trying to hide your true colors should be evidence enough of all the other motives. All of them being ulterior of course, as it/he has always been. Ya can't fool me, my crayons all match their labels.
$C: Funny how the same people on the left probably upvoted the guy you responded to because they thought he was only talking about the right being deluded through misinformation but as soon as you bring up a reasonable, logical argument, with a source, that points out the left is just as culpable, you get downvoted to hell, proving both of your points exactly. It's pretty amazing how ignorant and lacking of self-awareness some people are.
$C: I'll believe independent verifiable facts and multiple witnesses, sources, and accounts that *all consistently cooroborate each other* over the pathological behavior of *provably lying single person* who can't keep his story straight on what he believes and what he thinks for less than 24 hours without lying and contradicting himself again. And again. And again. 

Also, these are not psuedo facts. This is reporteting; the NYT cites their sources and their story is ENTIRELY CONSISTENT, and thereby believable, given the fact that we KNOW Russia DID interfere with our 2016 elections -- a story supported by court documents and evidence collected by the FBI and statements that have been made by every single intelligence agency in this country, as well as a sentiment that is UNANIMOUSLY agreed upon by every senator and congressman, Republican or Democrat, as well as everyone in Trump's administrations... EXCEPT TRUMP. Who can not seem to get his story straight from day to day on what it is he believes exactly.
$C: I never trust political memes. Memes are for "teh lolz" not for serious matters.
$C: Can I put it in my mouth though?
$C: Only uodoot yr own memes
$C: Which tells me that we need serious changes to the judicial system (among other things). No other western democracy has lifetime appointments on their equivalent to a Supreme Court. When a 5 year old can wander into the oval office and press the nuclear launch buttons (metaphorically), it's not ultimately the 5 year old's fault - it's the inevitable result of putting too much power in the hands of whoever happens to be in that room.
$C: But we changed the nature of driving since the invention ... we paint lines on the roads, have comprehensive highway laws (whether they're enforced or not...), cars have to be safer, etc...

Forcing for instance cars to have seatbelts would be akin to say forcing FB posts to be fact checked before shared with the world.
$C: Let the internet remain the Wild West of information!
$C: > Everyone can spot clickbait, covert ads, nigerian prince scams, etc right? 

You say that and it seems like common sense to not fall for that stuff, but sadly some people still do
$C: Did you mean to reply to the guy above me?
$C: Everyone seems to be saying I'm arguing you can't agree that disinformation is bad. Not my point at all, my point is that what is classed as disinformation varies from person to person. Think of all the conspiracy theorists (there are a lot of them) who believe the 1000 view videos they watch on why the earth is flat is genuine journalism in it's own right. Who are you to legally challenge their view that it is reporting of the truth? You can argue that they are wrong and the majority is with you, but are you going to make it illegal to make videos on why people think the earth is flat?
$C: Ron Howard ?  That you ?
$C: The Internet was never envisioned to be ruled by large corporations (Google, Facebook, etc.) but to be peer-to-peer and decentralized. You can also see a rift in how websites are choosing to approach encryption/true freedom. Apple (for now) is fighting for encryption, even protecting criminal's rights to have private data. Meanwhile, YouTube is censoring and demonetizing videos that are considered disinformation or conspiratorial thinking. A censored Internet controlled by only a select few wealthy parties is absolute horse shit and even runs against the founding principles of Reddit.
$C: Read up on FDR's fight with the Supreme Court while trying to get the New Deal running.

For example, Lochner v. New York was announced in like 1905 and wasn't overturned until 1937.

That said, even if Kavanaugh gets on the Court, it hasn't dramatically changed composition in decades (except with Roev. Wade).  Yes, Alito is more conservative than O'Connor but Roberts is probably less than Reinquist.  Gorsuch is about the same as Scalia, and on social issues Kavanaugh is more conservstive than Kennedy but not on business issues.

The Court has a real shot at a little liberal reform IF Ginsburg and Breyer's replacements are liberal and if a liberal president and congress get to choose Thomas' replacement.  Having a Democratic Senate after the election is so vitally important for the next 2-3 decades.
$C: They're what plants crave.
$C: It's what they use to make Brawndo
$C: The reason I ask is because I constantly see this said on Reddit but I never actually see anything concrete what it's implementation would look like. 
$C: Finland has amazing education, the U.K. and the US are very much behind.
$C: Are you kidding me??!
$C: This largely depends on the school and major. I went to a fairly middle-of-the-road state school and the vast majority of exams were essay and short answer. 
$C: >The lack of emphasis on personal accountability and responsibility is pathetic. 

But we're talking kids here, personal accountability and responsibility are things that must be learned. If parents, teachers, hell, society in general make no effort to instill these qualities in children how do you expect them to just magically manifest themselves on their own? It's like getting upset at a child for not knowing algebra if you have never taught them algebra. 

I agree the teachers, the parents, the neighbors, society in general needs to take on accountability and responsibility in installing those same qualities into our kids, but its often too easy or in some cases too profitable (in societies case) to not do that. 

If someone trips you and you blame them you don't have a victim-complex, you are, in fact, a victim trying to right the wrong done to you. Believing someone else tripping you all the time is somehow your fault makes you a victim for your entire life.   
$C: Brilliant! 
$C: Oh yes, of course. I was being half sarcastic. If you do stick to the niche subreddits, you can get some really good people. I mean, there's a wintergatan subreddit even.

Trouble is, reddit isn't really famous for those, it's famous for the utter pricks in worldnews and gaming and so on, and the\_donald, lord only knows why that's still a thing.

reminder to myself too, to get my shit set up to filter the bad subreddits out, and stay off world...oh.
$C: Almost every reply I post these days gets a troll hanging off it like a poop off a sheep's bottom. 

So, anecdotally I'll agree, but...it's gone to shit. 
$C: Psychopaths thrive on idiots... But if everyone is educated to the same level as said psychopaths, everyone has an easier time seeing through their bullshit.
$C: Properly educated sociopaths are probably much less dangerous when they are among a populace of millions of properly educated non-sociopaths.
$C: I agree. But it's still something to consider. According to that data, millennials voted in the high 30%. Even a lot of women (40%). a lot of people with college degrees. 

The general feeling seems to be that only uneducated racist white trash hillbillys votes for trump. AMD that's the only group that voted for him.

My point (supported by your data) is that is a dangerous assumption.  Its shit like that that got trump elected. Just the assumption it's not people you know. That women would never vote for trump.  That people with degrees would never vote for him.

You add all these smaller groups together ( that are closer than they should be ,imo. 42%women voted trump?!?!l And then you DO add people in his base (typically good honest blue collar workers who felt ignored for so long)and racist rednecks he stirred up you end up with the 2016 results.

Stop. Making. Assumptions. More educated young people voted for trump than we would think. Making the assumption that nobody with an education or a woman or young person would vote for him just guarantees hes going to get re elected. 

It's already hard to beat the emcumbent president. We're just repeating the same mistakes of 2016. And we deserve whatever comes because apparently we can't learn.
$C: https://www.forbes.com/sites/ashleystahl/2017/08/11/why-democrats-should-be-losing-sleep-over-generation-z/
$C: I appreciate that you were honest that you were using anecdote as data. 
$C: Everyone who is implicated should pay the price. I don’t care who they are
$C: >get away with collusion and/or obstruction


I think the word for undermining our government and giving aid to an attack on our country by a foreign nation, in a time of war, is called treason.


Specially considering this is not just a *government official* but the most senior government official and Commander and Chief of the United States Military. 


This undeniably fits the definition of treason.
$C: > Yeah and that is just playing politics.

Because nothing about this is about politics?

> This should be about justice, not letting someone get away with collusion and/or obstruction just to avoid dealing with a shitty vice President.

For the vast majority of US Americans, this is just a convenient angle they might possibly get rid of Trump. But pointing out what will very likely come after, that being a US President Pence, is a legit concern.

Trump is a bumbling populist idiot, when he offends he not always does so on purpose, he's mostly just **ignorant** when not acknowledging minority rights.

Pence, on the other hand, is a creature of conviction, full and utter conviction to such a point that he pretty much embodies everything wrong with US religious conservatives. 
$C: Yeah... no, Pence has shown how willing he is to go along with a criminal when the signs are all there because it's convenient for him.
$C: He isn’t a criminal, at least, not until Robert Mueller brings the evidence to support that claim. All we can do is wait for definitive proof. The more we condemn Trump as a criminal without conclusive proof, the more his ( small ) hardcore base would push against anything and collaborate the idea of a witch hunt. Say what you will of Trump, but the constitution is stronger than one man. 
$C: Pence is about as attractive as a sullied penny on the ground being shat on by a cat, he'd be *easy* to out-campaign in an election. Sure he'd be president for a few days, sure that'd suck, but he's hardly competitive against an already rampaging blue wave
$C: Are you saying we shouldn't impeach because Pence sucks?

At this point I would prefer competently evil over this garbage fire.  Sit down, shut up, strip our rights away as much as you can until we undo you in 2020.

Edit: they're both gonna put up the same judges, it doesn't matter who is in the seat.  We can't help people in certain red states for a while.  It's sad, but where this has gotten us. We need to take congress in November so if RBG dies we can hold out. 
$C: The enemy within. Pence is the Evangaliban. 

EDIT: Pence to me is far more terrifying than Trump. Trump would have already been handled if Nunes wasn't both the guy to drop the hammer on the Manchurian Cheeto and also partners in crime with him. Pence however is competent malicious evil made much worse by a sense that his evil deeds are the will of God. The man actually believes he speaks with God, and I mean like a walkie talkie to heaven. That is mental illness plain and simple.

Trump's dangers revolve around the very real possibility of nuclear war. Metaphorically both the US and Russia are pointing the largest guns ever made at each other's heads. If this situation spirals out of control into total war the cost will be unbearable. 

Pence's dangers revolve around his very sincere dream to turn America into a totalitarian theocracy and disturbing numbers of the Republican base support that goal. I also bet he is partners in crime with Trump and is justifying it to himself by seeing his goal of ramming his ass backwards views down the nations throat as being important enough to warrant making a deal with the Devil. 

*Render unto Caesar, Ha! That's rich! I am Caesar.*
$C: He'll just push that agenda through Trump now anyway. I'd rather have him at the forefront and not pissing off every single ally we have and potentially tweeting us into a war with NK than just being evil through Trump, who is incompetent on top of being a horrible person who was almost definitely put into power with the help of a foreign government.
$C: That's awful, but we're at a time when all the policies Pence supports are getting passed anyway. Trump is a threat to our democracy as long as he's in office
$C: Yeah, well we've had and survived that bullshit before.  This is our first Manchurian candidate POTUS, and that's a hell of a lot scarier to me than some bible thumper with all of the charisma of a boiled chicken breast.  
$C: Also it makes the false assumption that Trump is stopping Pence from enacting his agenda. We know Trump is a rubberstamp. 
$C: Yeah, I agree; my reply was hastily written. I feel they're both damaging to the states and the world at large; it just sucks that the choice is one concerned with damage control, rather than prosperity, which goes for most political arenas these days.
$C: > at least he's competent

[He ran Indiana into the ground. ](https://www.huffingtonpost.ca/entry/mike-pence-conservative_us_57900b71e4b0fc06ec5ba3b3)
$C: So put up with corruption in order to avoid a politician who is conducting themselves legally? 
$C: If trump was illegitimately elected Pence would be in the same boat. This is why its called a constitutional crisis.
$C: With the revelation that there were back doors placed in the election tabulation machines ( not the voting machines themselves) and the activities by the RUSSIAN hackers on election eve this may not be the case.
$C: [removed]
$C: Is there a source to this story or did you make it up?

Whatever the case - it's not my country so I shouldn't even take part in this discussion. Good luck y'all. 
$C: Ahahahaha.
$C: B-b-but you get a discount on gold if you b-buy in bulk...
$C: Fair enough
$C: Or they hire and send in people to start rioting so they can break up the protests. They've done it before. I mean, I hope it doesn't come to that, but if it does, I hope it's successful, but I have my doubts. Protesting has been an incredible tool in the past, but it doesn't seem like it has the same power it once had. I think the only real power we have left is to vote, and they're even trying to sneakily take that away. They're already skewing the results with gerrymandering and voter suppression laws put in place to stop the voter fraud that doesn't exist. 
$C: who’s the Goof?
$C: No, I don't think it's the best - by a large margin. I don't recognise anything of the sort. It's just the one with the most users to interact with and to supply content. 
$C: I’m not going on Uncle Sam’s Wild Ride 1 while it’s raining!
$C: The creator of this park is slowly using Do Not Enter signs to funnel us all into ONE square of path just so that he can dig that square down one and raise it as wa
$C: "mmmuuuuhhhhggghhfhfh"
$C: I work at the front desk of a vet clinic and when we get our time magazines in, if they have Trump's face on them, they get recycled immediately. Almost makes the sickness go away.
$C: This election looks very tidy and clean.
$C: I suspect guests who’ve been looking for the exit long enough would just despawn. Possibly the no exit thing came up in playtesting.
$C: Tbh, I’m kind of glad that it’s not possible to do that. RCT is a game to be enjoyed for what it is. Good fun. 
$C: I work in memory care and when residents need more care, the family is charged a monthly "enhancement" fee of several hundred dollars PER enhancement. If the enhancement is because they require 2 or more people for care or take over 20 minutes, we are supposed to get extra hours for another aide to come in for every 2-3 enhancements of that type.

This happened when we had our old executive director. He has his BSN, and knows what it is like to be on the floor. He also was willing to have those difficult conversations with family when it was time for a resident to move to skilled, geripsych, or hospice. We had very few injuries. 

Both my manager and current executive director have no experience on the floor and are nonconfrontational. They will do nothing, unless you make their life miserable enough that having a difficult conversation with family is the least painful path forward. With extra load on staff, we have had a ridiculous amount of injuries because of the pressure to get care done by a certain time.

So I just direct my staff to call them in when a 3-4 person transfer has a huge mess, because we can't afford to have all the aides off the floor for 30-40 minutes. My manager and executive director always say they aren't strong enough to support the resident,  so I always hand them gloves, a washcloth, and point to the soapy water.

I would guess that we have $25-40k/mo in enhancement fees, but it seems to go everywhere but the place it needs to go to solve the problem.  My manager is also wanting to drop 16 aide hours a day because she hires the wrong people and her training budget is way over  the annual allowance by the first quarter. She seems to forget that if you won't send people requiring 3+ people transfer, you need at least that many people on the floor, plus 2.
$C: HR: Turning humans into resources 
$C: It's only a "hard decision" if you're not sure you're doing the right thing.
$C: When people are arguing money, they aren't arguing about human decency, so I often point out to them that life in prison is cheaper than execution because executions go through so many repeals.
$C: A very good rule of thumb while coming up with new systems is taking a look every few steps and asking "ok and how would some asshole abuse this?"  because they will.  Its not an if. Its barely a when.
$C: They went out of business because they were bought with their own money in a leveraged buyout. The debt load was too high in a highly competitive market and they had no headroom to invest. This lack of ability to change was a big problem because their business model of large out of town warehouse stores was starting to look very dated and unattractive to consumers.

But yeah let's blame a few people calling in because they were unavoidably late. Hey maybe if they worked a little harder they'd have been able to overcome the greed and lack of market awareness of their bosses by stacking the shelves just right eh?
$C: Or it helps reducere stress. I strive be a good colleague and worker, and it really helps knowing my workplace isn't making a big deal out of me having a shit day or missing a train. If they started giving me shit for that, they would loose a loyal employee. 
$C: Actually no lol. My point here is if there was an emergency and employees couldnt show up exactly at the time they were suppose to be there, as long as they called in, there was no issue. Also Toys R Us  went out of business because of a 5 billion debt. Not tardiness. https://www.reuters.com/article/us-toys-r-us-bankruptcy-timeline/how-5-billion-of-debt-caught-up-with-toys-r-us-idUSKCN1BV0FQ
$C: But strangely enough most of those places were outcompeted by economies that did not invalidate 50+% of its potential workforce. I wonder why?
$C: I got the idea from general knowledge of the global economy. Lol.

[https://www.usatoday.com/story/money/personalfinance/2015/10/24/24-7-wall-st-most-profitable-companies/74501312/](https://www.usatoday.com/story/money/personalfinance/2015/10/24/24-7-wall-st-most-profitable-companies/74501312/)

1. Apple - USA
2. Exxon - USA
3. Samsung - Korea
4. Berkshire Hathaway - USA
5. Chevron - USA

[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List\_of\_public\_corporations\_by\_market\_capitalization#2018](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_public_corporations_by_market_capitalization#2018)

FYI 8/10 of the world's most valuable companies by market cap are American. The US is by far the worlds largest economy.
$C: >The difference between those companies and the American model was staggering, not only in environment but also profits.

You implied that the American business model was inefficient at generating profits - something categorically false. Sole purpose of a business is to maximize profits. Econ 101.
$C: China and India are growing fast but the US economy has shifted away from manufacturing. Most of our GDP is financial services that people won't rely on China/India for.
$C: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_public_corporations_by_market_capitalization#2018

That is just patently false. 8/10 of the worlds most valuable companies are American. The other two are Chinese.


https://www.usatoday.com/story/money/personalfinance/2015/10/24/24-7-wall-st-most-profitable-companies/74501312/

1. Apple - USA
2. Exxon - USA
3. Samsung - Korea
4. Berkshire Hathaway - USA
5. Chevron - USA

Funny I don't see any of those countries you listed? The US is by far the worlds largest economy. We have a 18.5 trillion dollar economy. It absolutely dwarfs the nordic states.

/r/quityourbullshit 
$C: Here it's pretty simple, build up a dossier of the employee fucking up and convince the judge it's justified to fire them. If they come in late, break things, are toxic or otherwise just bad at their job or for the company, no judge will stop the company from firing them. But if they do it once or twice, or they have a valid excuse, then the livelihood of the employee just vastly outweighs the company's problem and the judge will not allow them to be fired. Then there's a bunch of things that are ground for immediate termination, like stealing, harassment, etc...
$C: Yeah but who decides what 'too many times' is? I don't like the government being involved in my private business affairs. My employment is between myself and my employer (unless one of us breaks a legal contract), and I don't want a bunch of bureaucratic busybodies meddling with my life. If my employer no longer wants to trade its money for my labor, they should be just as free to let me go as I am to walk away if I no longer want to trade my labor for their money. They don't owe me anything just because I exist.
$C: If you want to do history, though, capitalism ended over the period 1890-1910. It was replaced with a system of managed competition. Capitalism reached its peak with Pullman, Illinois. By 1970s even the ideology of capitalism was gone and replaced with the more liberal “specialized firms” concept.
$C: Well there you go. Deciding to be ethical will cripple your success in capitalism. Therefore it actively dis-incentivizes it.
$C: Since the people with a lot of money decided it..
$C: It struck five out of nine justices as right in 2010, so ¯\\\_(°╭╮°)_/¯


$C: STOP DISCRIMINATING AGAINST CORPS!!! THEY DESERVE TO VOTE TOO
$C: They already have millions of dollar votes. That's already more influential than a person vote. 
$C: Pretty much. Even though I've had less stability I do love that I've learned so many  different things in different areas.
$C: I got the shivers too.
$C: The other one I heard a lot when I was young was instead of us paying you time and a half for OT we will just give you your regular rate in cash under the table.  "That way you will make more because you don't pay taxes"

Uhh  there is no way i'm paying 50% of my check in taxes you are just being a cheap fuck.
$C: > (Oh and transfers only are valid at the bus terminal, at the beginning/end of each 1hr loop. )

Oh my fucking god don't get me started on this...

"Transfers are only valid if you're going on a continuous trip, never exiting the system at any point during the trip, and can't be used at the same stop you got them"

Fuck you TTC. 


$C: The leverage is definitely on the side of the employer 
$C: [deleted]
$C: Same for my wife at a university tech job she had a while back. (She was never a student there, just hired from outside) Her contract came up for renewal and they decided to eliminate the position so she lost her job. 

Then she found out they were hiring someone else to do the exact same job (it was even advertised on their hiring portal) with a different name. 
$C: Good point. Find out if you live in a one or two party consent state. In one party states, you yourself can be the one consenting party.
$C: America is the 3rd most populous country in the world, of course it's going to have a lot of dumb and arrogant people, there are more of them. You cant take what you see on reddit and apply it to a whole country like that. If I did that I'd think that all Europeans are arrogant and think they are better than americans, for example.
$C: I’m in the US, California specifically, and yeah, it’s way too early. I’ve heard of high schoolers dying because they fell asleep while driving to school. Plus, a lot of sports teams and marching bands hold practice before school starts. It’s utterly irresponsible and insane.
$C: ,,normal''
$C: The quotes look really weird in Verdana (the default desktop font for old.reddit.com). They're not weighted at either end; they just look like little scratches.

As I suspected, they look a lot better on my tablet's "Reddit is Fun" app.
$C: This is everything that’s wrong with the world.
$C: A branch is strong and rigid, it stands up to the wind and breaks when it gets too rough, the blade of grass is weak and supple, bends in the wind and follows it and does not break.

Bending and being soft without pride is a strength in itself. 

Being a sycophant and trying to please everyone will stretch you too thin and you will, like the balloon that swallows too much air, make you pop when you rise too far.

Instead, take the lower position and find people who appreciate what you do as you are, even if that won't get you a nice car.
$C: "People who don't follow the norms of society will possibly get left behind, and then blame everyone but themselves for their own crappy behavior"
$C: It wasn't even as petty as "I dropped my pencil, automatic detention". It was just that the general rule for that class is that if you are late at all, you get a detention. It's still an abuse of authority though. I was right in the door frame and the teacher still gave me a detention. That is some serious bullshit
$C: Sure. Getting detention because you took 5 seconds to pick up a pencil does sound unreasonable. But its worth keeping in mind that what people say they got detention for is not always the same as what they actually got detention for.

Maybe this teacher was on some weird power trip, or in a foul mood, or whatever; or maybe the person posting has left out some key information...    It's also worth keeping in mind that giving a student detention usually mean more work for the teacher. So even if the teacher doesn't give a shit about fairness, they'll still generally only give detention if there's a reason.
$C: And you can't think maybe the person who said they got detention only was late 1 time... ever. And it wasn't warranted? 

You can't think of any classmates or coworkers in your life who had issues being reliable, and then blamed other people when they got in trouble?

You really believe that this person was given detention after being an A+ student and never having any issues ever, was given detention for standing in the door way as the bell rung?

Give me a break. 
$C: Ummm. I learned stuff from classes I took, like making sure my attendance didn't affect my grades and being on time. 

Translated that over to a work setting. Have had pretty good results so far.

Watched co- workers who bragged about being shitty in school. They were pretty terrible at their jobs as well......
$C: People who are stupid enough to think class might prepare you for the real world will probably suffer in said real world. 
$C: We're talking about showing up late for class ... not toppling a proto-fascist regime. 
$C: Yeah some teachers are dicks. And they will continue doing so until shown they can’t. 

Same goes for politicians. We need to see trump in hand cuffs. Soon. Fingers crossed. 
$C: And Russia hates liberals too, being a authoritarian dictatorship. So win-win for Republicans.
$C: Basically this is it. Even when it get proven beyond a doubt that the republican party colluded with a hostile foreign power, to them it will still be preferable than feeling that liberals, blacks and gays have gained ground.
$C: Sounds more like they hate liberals more than they love America.
$C: They love money and power more than any person on this planet...  and since money gets you power and power gets you money, they feed off of the feedback loop.
$C: I suspect that a lot very much admire Russia, and wish that they could govern in a similar fashion to Putin.

"I coulda gotten away with it if it weren't for those pesky liberals."
$C: You hate your own country more than Mexico/Syria/\*insert “third world shithole” here\*. You should be banned from entering internet and having any communications with other people.
$C: Less than 8% public support to allow ISPs to sell user data and nearly every Republican in congress voted for it and their base is too fucking dumb to care.
$C: Get the politics out of money.  The 5 wealthiest counties in American, now surround Washington.   What would Dems do with out tax money to spend?  
So Dems want money out of politics, while they live political money, tax politically money( political punishment), spend political( politically reward) money....but "get money out".  'Cause....it's not about the money.

Please.
$C: Or both.
$C: Are you being overly sarcastic on purpose to show that categorizing the two primary parties in an extremist view only is ridiculous or do you really mean that?
$C: First of all, stop with mentioning Venezuela. It’s an embarrassing talking point used by republicans. Venezuela’s system of government isn’t socialism, it’s state capitalism. You lot in the States seem to call everyone a socialist even if they aren’t actually socialist. You have to realise people want to shift the meter more towards socialism but they don’t want to go all the way. Obviously there are silly people beyond that (though we can all agree socialism is probably the future when we reach post scarcity) just as there are stupid people on the right who believe libertarianism is valid.

And It is exactly because you’ve become more conservative though? Despite the crazy buzzword “socialism” being used to attack any social program that would actually benefit people, your country has shifted so far to the right that the Conservative party in my country, would be considered communist by a lot of idiots in America. If you look at any of the graphs showing the levelling off of workers pay, you’ll see it started when Reagan put your country on the path towards a capitalistic dystopia. The American Dream is dead and the only people I see who want to work towards equality of opportunity are those on the left (and I’ll give those who are libertarian credit for that too but they’re living in a fantasy)
$C: Democrats aren’t pushing socialist economic policies at all. You are clueless.
$C: The "awesome" life you've led at the expense of others' wellbeing.

"When you're accustomed to privilege, equality seems like oppression" -unknown
$C: But it becoming more conservative is what made your life so awesome?
$C: it's called The Law of Tainted Consequences


$C: What? I feel like you’re trying to say something with maths and it makes absolutely no sense since you haven’t defined what A, B, C, P are (nor do those equations say much meaningfully).
$C: The president nominates Supreme Court justices, he doesn’t confirm them. The Senate, who the American people did elect, made the ultimate decision on those Justices. Even if Trump were to be impeached the Justices that he nominated will remain.
$C: I think he is, but I haven't seen anything yet that gives enough reason to bring him down.

I can only hope Mueller has something up his sleeve in that regard.

Regardless, at least we won't have to deal with him after this November.
$C: The point is it wasn't a legitimate nominee. They likely wouldn't have approved him if they knew the nature of his appointer, and if they would have anyways, than they are little more than a rubber stamp.

Sometimes you have to react to something like this.
$C: Yeah...the GOP is anything but legit right now.
$C: Where?
$C: True. I did caveat "obstensibly", though.
$C: one of the ways you can \*start\* to send a message is by calling your representatives
$C: I guess it's time to start talking to those non-NRA 2nd amendment people.
$C: > why even bring up the Islamic thing man? unless that was a /s?

Huh?

He's an educated man; he has an MA in the field, and he's fluent in (IIRC) a few Arabic dialects, which is a large part of why he became CIA Director when he did. He just isn't *technically* a recognised expert in law, even though his most notable employment *probably* overcomes that in this instance.

TL;DR his word carries weight on the subject of treason.
$C: Probably.
$C: Riiiight yes, the obvious troll is the one pointing out relevant facts and information with valid sources, not the lemon replying to people with 'Borscht'.
$C: Damn you are all salty as f, was just trying to site my sources and figure out what I was missing. Thanks for the great help 
$C:  so because they’re just attacking one side this is a problem? And they’re helping the side that’s actually interested in mending relationships between 2/3 of three biggest super powers in the world? They do the same thing our media does to conservatives in general but once someone swings back at the already corrupt DNC platform everyone loses their minds? Is that a good summary for all this?
$C: In the most basic sense: no. This was leaked by intelligence officials who have an obvious axe to grind against trump and have motives to leak it. Trump has a motive to deny, etc, and, while I'll probably get downvoted for this, Brennan is political. All that said, a dozen people confirm  the meeting happened and the gist of it... The meeting happened and trump was given the intelligence. How convincing the evidence is, etc, is  not a factual question but I can tell you that given Trump's credibility gap, to revive a term from Vietnam, he loses he said she said in my mind.
$C: a
$C: Hey, let's not all lose our heads now.
$C: I cracked up. Thanks 
$C: Step 5 - Napoleon and his War in Europe. France's problems became Europe's problems.

Violent Revolution often leaves a power vacuum where an opportunist egomaniac will take advantage. Peaceful Revolution is built into the US Consitution. It happens every 4 years. In the meantime, the best way to defeat an attention whore is to ignore him. Unsubscribe from Trump's tweets and refuse to click on a headline that has his name on it and the info-taiment industry will steal his power for us. Right now, his name makes them a LOT of money. It's time to stop contributing to that problem. They focus on what WE focus on.
$C: they sometimes don't run on time because we take great pride in our right to be paying less than 100€ for max speed train that you pay the double in UK and the triple in Japan with the mighty SHINKANSEEEEEEEEEEEEEN
$C: We hold annual riots just to make sure we don't lose our expertise! It's like our own military service, every young French trains at some point in barricade building and stone throwing :)
$C: Why would anyone block strawberries?  They're delicious.
$C: Probably because Trump supporters like to walk around with military gear during protests.
$C: And with most of them, I feel they’re pointless. Because most people don’t have a true goal in mind, they just want to be the next Martin Luther King. They want to be the symbol of change, so they follow his lead, but instead of it being what they believe in it’s whatever they’re told is right. 

The youth of today lack the ability to think for themselves 
$C: Well really it was the French who helped deliver the Revolution, it wouldn't have succeeded without them.
$C: The main problem is everyone are waiting for someone else to do it.

The American public have been divided and pacified beyond belief.


$C: They showed the French ? Might want to catch up on your history and realise how young your nation is...
$C: Not really. Americans are amazingly placid and servile.
$C: The problem is there's a large part of the population that isn't represented proportionately on twitter, or social media in general. 

And protests have been fairly ineffective at making a noticeable change because of the intentional corralling of protesters by militarized police to make them act in "non-disruptive manners." Confined protesters will create less of an impact than storming the capital buildings or acting through civil disobedience. That's just my two cents though. 
$C: If you click through some of the profiles, there is a number of the anti-Trump people coming from other places. I've seen many Canadians and British people responding to him. They cannot vote and thus the barometer's accuracy has shifted
$C: Problem is, most people can't afford a day off to protest. Jobs with PTO are exceedingly rare in the US, and most people are not salaried, which means a day off work means upwards of $100 gone, that that person might need to make rent, pay for food, etc. And if your employer doesn't like you out protesting, in most states, they can absolutely fire you for it. In most states, workers can be fired for any reason (or no reason at all) and if your job is gone, most people's healthcare is tied to that. So hope  you don't get sick. Workers rights in the states are a century behind the rest of the world, and this is on purpose. Somehow, unions are seen as communist, and anti-communist propoganda still runs strong in the US (see: I DONT WANNA PAY FOR SOMEONE ELSE'S HEALTHCARE, WHAT ARE WE, COMMUNIST?) Go on and take a guess which party still pushes that bullshit in the modern day...
$C: I am concerned that *nothing* will come of it, as it seems to me certain people of power did things in such a way to make whatever it is they did, barely legal.

It just reminds me of how massive an effort to dismantle the net neutrality laws were in the USA, when it was clearly NOT what the citizens wanted.  It didnt matter and they get and will get away with it.
$C: I think you might be mistaking the electoral college with Congress, but I'm not quite sure what you're trying to say.
$C: You didn't even think about your point, so why would anyone else?
$C: How can someone vouch for your claim when that's all it is, an unfounded claim?

Not OP here and I'm not going to insult you, but how does NOT voting for a candidate help your cause in any way?
$C: What are you talking about?
$C: In my country there's got to be a minimum consensus (of 40%) so they wouldn't even get elected actually
$C: Yeah, I getcha. A word to the wise, though? Careful with that social media - thanks to horseshoe effect, there really isn't that much difference between extremists of any side. And personal biases account quite a bit when deciding what kool-aid we're having today. The trump-spam is ridiculous though. One would assume that just by not talking about him, there'd be more room for other presidential candidates. 

Which would be of paramount importance if the humans want to win the next race. I mean, if all one keeps hearing is the orange fuckmaggot being himself, then it's very likely that's whom one votes since in ones memory there very much literally isn't any choices. 
$C: Okay, first of all, when you say "alternative therapy", you mean quackery. So no, no cure for cancer there, champ. No conspiracy either - assuming these whackjobs even were doctors to begin with, considering the amount of medical professionals in the US alone, could easily be shot annually with no connection to each other. 

Second of all, there are no six people owning anything, unless they own 100% of the stocks which no-one does. Instead, there's hundreds of thousands if not millions shareholders doing what they deem fit with their property, common will being implemented by the board of directors and administration. Sounds pretty democratic to me. 

As for the brexit shit, we're talking about misuse of public funds. The same thing happened to the stay camp, though not in those figures - that's not lobbying, merely typical behavior of all nationalists everywhere. 

The oil prices are about half of what they were a decade go, so while it's possible there would've been demonstrations in the recent past, they would have been quite baseless, and knowing how prone to hitting the streets the romance speakers are, I'd be quite surprised if every bit of information about any demonstration of note would have been suppressed globally, especially when you consider how the EU has the nice habit of kicking the teeth in from megacorps trying to get away with shit, and how almost every EU country has a national media that cares fuck all about business interests. 

As a very special note: There is no cure for cancer, there won't ever be a cure for cancer. There is no single cause, no single symptom, and no single disease in general to fight against: cancer is mutation - it takes whatever form it takes, and it is treated by whichever tools are useful to given situation. 

Some types of cancer can, could and have already been more or less beaten with acceptable survival rates (95%+) but that's a completely different thing than what already discussed. And under no circumstances, ever, can holistic practices have any beneficial effect on any cancer, no way, no how. 

It is extremely important to realise and accept this.  

$C: Any book on the history of Europe will do. Especially those that focus on how socialism and unions gained traction and power.

[But these recent riots are also worth looking into, because they worked](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Protests_of_1968)



$C: A good place to start would be reading up on the [May 68 protests](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/May_1968_events_in_France) in France.

22% of the country's population on strike simultaneously; the government collapsed, and (in the aftermath) Paris' 820 year old University was shut down to prevent it from happening again.

No one does civil unrest quite like the French.
$C: This post became viral, is there some way to harness its momentum to start protesting? What’s the best way to organize? How can we incentivize people to come out and protest?
$C: Don’t consult any alt right Hndbooks. They did that in Charlottesville.
$C: If that happens, obviously - protesting and rioting is no longer enough. 
$C: As a Frenchman, yes it did work. Maybe not for them cause they died but they did it to further their cause, which was the whole point of the Amis. Sometimes getting killed is the best path
$C: That's what my original point was about. The bad workers rights in the US prevent them to have leverage on politics
$C: I dunno, I'm long term homeless, living out of my car, not working.  It's not a cakewalk existence.  Not everybody could handle it.  It suits *my* temperament to try to make my future this way.  But I did learn auto repair when I had more money, and without that skill, my car would have long since been in the junkyard.  You have to either have money or the *right* skills to keep getting by without work.
$C: Right, me with my three young children living homeless on the streets instead of in our house would really solve a whole lot of problems
$C: Wow, everyone is part of the problem!

It's almost as if they enjoy having a roof and food...
$C: Americans blaming workers for living in america and keeping the system that oppresses them in check. 

COLOR ME SURPRISED

Seriously that’s a really fucking ignorant thing to say. That shows how little you understand of the current situation and what keeps it all in place.

Fucking liberals 

But no it’s not actually the fault of poor people that the system is fucked.
$C: It's a pretty big issue. All it takes is one idiot to start getting violent, or one officer to get jumpy, and suddenly the protest is treaded like a riot.
$C: Americans are supposed to have guns for that very reason, it gives them a way to fight back an oppressive government.

Could always shoot back at the cops in that situation. However, (some) cops/the military are also human beings and might refuse to execute some orders (like shoot at other people's families) so it would depend on whose side these people take.
$C: Agreed, I kind of wish that the country would split in two so that the people that think the Republicans care about them can go enjoy their oppression.
$C: That's what we keep telling ourselves.
$C: I'm literally wearing my Bernie 2016 shirt rn, dog.
$C: I'm so ashamed. Not even betraying my own country to russian nationals can compare to the atrocity I have committed. brb while I perform seppuku to restore honor to my family
$C: But with such extensive freedoms as Americans... Why worry?
$C: [deleted]
$C: We know, it's somebody else's fault. Stay at home, hide from police, wait this out.
$C: It is.

Stop shoving off responsibilities and deal with the situation. The longer you wait, the deeper you'll be digging that hole you are in.
$C: That's the democratic party's fault, they chose to go with Hillary even though Bernie was more popular.
$C: Umm, yeah, let's not kid ourselves. More progressive the country gets, the more it sucks being a worker, in the classic sense of the word. We can talk bullshit about  factories and agriculture, but the fact is, there's a growth economy on services, not so much in the fields and processing lines.   


Take Finland, for example: We're losing about 10k jobs from processing, manufacturing and what have you, annually. Not ten thousand new unemployed people per year, but 10k positions permanently disappearing from the market.   


Doesn't sound \_that\_ much, but when you realise the secondary sector makes about 20% of the GDP and that there are -if memory serves- some three times more skilled workers and management jobs than unskilled ones, you're starting to see how that's kind of an issue.   


Despite the fact that the volume profitability of all sectors are very much on the rise.   


Sanders can't really do anything about that. No one in the left can - any state tries to rig that game with serious investments, it's going to be choked on arbitration. By every other state, the WB, probably WTO, the EU... and someone would still have to pay for that music, namely, the taxpayer.   


This is not an issue that can be fixed in short order. 
$C: It's a start
$C: Why? Don't you as a French want to tell us your point of view of this little shitfest?  I'm intrigued. 
$C: Internet 
$C: Would you give up your gun if trump was your president? 
$C: [deleted]
$C: Kek... Putin has your country by the balls... And POTUS straight called it out at the NATO summit. What happens if we stop protecting you with our rad military?
$C: From the rough numbers, it looks like [more people turned out to protest him in London than went to his inauguration](https://www.standard.co.uk/news/uk/donald-trump-london-protest-news-nearly-250000-protesters-march-against-presidents-visit-a3886941.html). 
$C: People will put up with a lot of crap as long as the economy is strong, which it is, at least for now.

You need stronger measures than likes, shares, retweets and upvotes. What you need is a recession, and the American consumer can make that happen. Think of it as a hunger strike, but a bit more pleasant.

Stop spending money on anything except absolute necessities. 

If every anti-trumper in the US would stop spending and the little money they had to spend was spent at small businesses rather than at corporations - it sure would  send a strong message.

If corporate America bleeds and the only way to stop the bleeding is to get Trump out of the White House, he will be sent packing!

Walk or bike to work.  
Eat oatmeal and only oatmeal 6 days a week.   
Drop your netflix, hbo, social media, cable etc.
$C: This right here. I want to protest, but where the fuck do I go to do that? There are no protests organized where I live and the closest major city is 4 hours away by car. I have to work or I can’t pay my bills next month. 
$C: People protest. You're not *shutting down your country.*


You need more than demonstrations. You need a countrywide strike. 



$C: Be more violent. It’s the only thing idiots respond to. 
$C: > I wish everyone in America was, at maximum, about eight hours' drive from their country's capital, as many people have the benefit of being in many European countries. As it is, I live about eight hours' drive from my state capital. I often wonder what it must feel like to know that the entirety of my countrymen can relatively easily come together in one single place as one whole to have their voice heard.

You don't need to. You think people in other countries all go to the countries capital to protest?

No, you protest in your local area. You do it everywhere across the country at the same time. They may be small protests, but lets say you live in a town of 100,000 and 40,000 come out to protest. That's 40,000 people not working, do that enough everywhere across the country and you can grind the economy to a halt.

That's how you get your voice heard.
$C: Paragraphs... please...
$C: 1. the current congress certainly can impeach the president. they just absolutely won't, because the party has abandoned rule of law

2. if they win. even if they could win by vote, we know our elections are being tampered with externally, not to mention all the internal antidemocratic practices. 

3. they would likely go after trump, but I have doubts that they'd actually make things any better than returning to a status quo that could easily fall back into this kind of crisis.
$C: Couldnt a government be formed with a coalition? That is what other countries do in the event of a “stalemate”
$C: We passed that stage long before Trump. America was unbelievably corrupt even before either of us were born. Which is precisely why I don't think anything will happen, sadly. If it does happen, it will be an idiot like Trump that will bring it out though.
$C: Thanks! I wasn’t sure if it had ever been needed/attempted in the US. 
$C: What is  american exceptionalism can you give an actually explanation and not a dictionary definitions.
Also the bpp where leftist and they believed in guns, shit the black community a high gun/death ratio and we vote for dems most constantly i doubt that every liberal hates guns.

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Liberal_Gun_Club 
That's a liberal gun group, their membership has been growing.
My theory is that when you fear that someone may hurt you your more likely to get a gun.
$C: Eh, maybe. I'm pretty sure that my local mayoral ballot is still open.

Even so, the _next_ one.
$C: [deleted]
$C: I don’t know, it’s pretty cool to not give money to the people that let shitholes like the_donald advertise nazi rallies that lead to deaths.  The admins do not deserve support at this point.
$C: >reddit lives almost solely off of donations

Source?
$C: Good point, Stalin Jr!

(E: Wow, some people don't appreciate a little levity, huh)
$C: [deleted]
$C: So... Reddit! Because **no** politician serves its electorate right now. 
$C: The current voting system makes breaking away from the 2-Party system nearly impossible because of the spoiler effect. We should change the voting system to something better but until then it’s clear which party is fighting for democracy and which party is not. 
$C: When the house is on fire, putting it out is the priority. If you start cleaning it first, there may not be much of a house left by the time you finish
$C: At this point, no.  We need the GOP out of power before Trump literally destroys the republic.  

If that means voting for a few less than perfect Democrats, so be it.  This is a literal emergency.
$C: "don't just blindly vote democrat" is good advice for other elections.  not this one.  Maybe you can vote for the best candidate on your favourite issue in 2020.  This time around, the most important issue in the election is Trump, and the GOP isn't going to do anything about him.  
$C: [deleted]
$C: This is definitely the time to vote against anyone who still stands by Trump, regardless of party (though, let’s not kid ourselves, we’re talking about Republicans when we say that). 

The trick is to keep that energy going after the election to hold those who are elected responsible for owning their words and having the guts to listen to the voters and not lobbyists and corporate interests. The left is lousy about voting consistently, especially in primaries. Also, young voters need to not buy into their parents and teachers b.s. when they support moderate corporate shills and say they do it because “they’re more likely to win a general election.”
$C: It’s a dumb thought.  This is not time to screw around and try to get some libertarians in so that hopefully four cycles down the road they’ll get enough votes to get some matched funding or whatever.  We have a problem, we have a very obvious solution.
$C: Ok.  Name one Republican that's running with policies and ideas in tune with your beliefs.
$C: We legitimately need the assistance of another country who has gone through the process of this degree of political reform. What does history have to say? Have the citizens of a country ever enacted the scale of change that America needs right now without a horribly bloody and violent revolution? If so, how did you do it? What are the steps we make?
$C: Exactly why they voted for trump. Human Molotov cocktail  
$C: People like this is why Trump will get a second term, along with he "Oh, I don't know, the Democrat candidate just didn't enthuse me enough, and didn't hold a rallly in my home town" crowd. Good luck, guys. 
$C: Unfortunately Republicans seem to be all compromised. They're been voting party line for basically all the awful shit since Trump took office 
$C: Bang-on
$C: I agree, my concern is that if the pendulum swings too hard in the other direction with no one paying attention the the policies they vote for, it may open the door for Democrats to become just as corrupt.
$C: Resist the siberian candidates. 
$C: You go. This is so right.
$C: Even *thinking* all Democrats are clean is laughable. 
$C: This is pretty ignorant. Russia has been meddling in US Politics forever. Clinton has her own Russian connections, and we know Russia leveraged BLM.

The Russians are running a 40 year old subversion campaign. They didn’t just put their eggs in one basket. They’re meddling from all angles to turn Americans on each other.
$C: Lol not true at all... democrats are very much compromised by a foreign nation as well.. why don’t you look into how many of them take in a bunch of money from China?
$C: "brink of fascim" lmao
$C: Where is the evidence the republicans are compromised by Russia? What exactly did Trump do? Talking to Russia is a good thing. We have 1000s of nuclear weapons pointed at eachother. America, even under trump, threatens Russia's security by deploying anti ballistic missile systems to Eastern Europe. America fomented revolution on Russia's borders. America seeks to expand NATO all the way to Russia's borders. The thought that Russia could influence the election is laughable, what is America some sort of banana republic?

You sound like you want war with Russia, as Hillary did. Please stop with the red-baiting warmongering Russophobia. I also don't think your fear mongering does your party any good. 
$C: All I'm saying is vote with your brain, not along party lines. 
$C: It's hard to argue against your point when the bar has been firmly planted in the basement, just don't get blinded by the affiliation - these candidates are all still human beings with flaws and feelings and skeletons, etc. 
$C: Dem vs Rep is a broad stroke. Extreme example, but you've got literal white supremacists running under the R, that doesn't mean every R is a white supremacist.

It doesn't take THAT much work to find an R who isn't against gay marriage, or one who isn't going to die on the abortion hill.
$C: Well, based on the way committee heads are chosen in Congress, being a majority is very important. And given that we are facing National Emergency where our president is a puppet for the Russian state, and the Republican Party refuses to stop him, it is extremely important to vote for Democrats.


$C: Boycotting products and services, a refusal to work protest at a massive scale. Heavy research into candidates and new voting and social media identity verification technology using cryptography. These are the tip of the iceberg. 
$C: "Voting" what is this liberal bullshit?
$C: Yeah, you may be right about that. I've only been around long enough to remember the Bush Jr. election, so I'm not as well-informed about Reagan's days, but some real bad stuff indeed went down.
$C: >I'm going to need you to explain this statement... I... What?

From the article itself

>Mr. Trump sounded grudgingly convinced,  according to several people who attended the intelligence briefing. But  ever since, Mr. Trump has tried to cloud the very clear findings that he  received on Jan. 6, 2017, which his own intelligence leaders have  unanimously endorsed.  
>  
>The shifting  narrative underscores the degree to which Mr. Trump regularly picks and  chooses intelligence to suit his political purposes. That has never been  more clear than this week.  
>  
>On Monday, standing next to the Russian president in Helsinki, Finland,  Mr. Trump said he accepted Mr. Putin’s denial of Russian election  intrusions. By Tuesday, faced with a bipartisan political outcry, Mr.  Trump sought to walk back his words and sided with his intelligence  agencies.

Literally the article says that Trump was shown direct evidence in Russian meddling in the elections, did he immediately go public with that knowledge? No, instead at every stage he has tried to downplay that involvement, tried to deny it happened.

He has done everything he can to try to hide that meddling because that meddling directly advantaged him, by doing so he is colluding after the fact. Even if there were no secret meetings, he has still been an accomplice in trying to hide the original "crime". He has directly performed actions (by spreading misinformation and deny deny denying) that are benefiting russian interests and goals by covering up their involvement.
$C: Far as the first quote goes, I can respect your take from the sound of it. You probably have some decent reasons to feel the way you do.

As for the second, it's really not funny at all. I mean, the press questioning aside, I don't know what else to call having a private, unmonitored meeting with any dictator, least of all Vladimir Putin. And that's without factoring in that Trump knew of the indictments before leaving.

(The meeting doesn't technically fit with my previous comment, because it wasn't televised, but still applies otherwise)
$C: Somebody call Michael Scarn
$C: You're joking, but unless our government acts he might actually do something like that to Bob Browder.
$C: I think you meant "da"
$C: Governments should be afraid of their people. They’ve become complacent and forgotten who they *really* answer to. The only time civil unrest had worked was when there was a credible threat of violence lurking behind it. See also: the civil rights movement vs occupy. 

TL;DR: the state has a monopoly on violence at present and they need to be reminded that hasn’t always been the case. 
$C: Can you define violence real quick? 
$C: Nah dude he's not a republican.
$C: You forget that political parties are private organizations that don't have to follow the small d democratic process
$C: [deleted]
$C: Wants to end corruption and get people to vote, likes to an online echo-chamber.


sigh
$C: [Wolf-PAC](https://www.wolf-pac.com) is trying to get an amendment to remove the electoral college through an article V convention. 
$C: Yes they should.  However it is advantageous to several small states so it will never happen legislatively.  Would require a constitutional amendment which is pretty much a nonstarter.
$C: Lmao Clinton’s entire campaign was based around trying to appeal to moderate conservatives to vote for her against the Republicans. That obviously did not work at all. Any time for a “reasonable dialogue” went out the window a long fucking time ago. 

It’s such a ridiculous strategy at this point that I can’t believe anyone still advocates it. Attempting to appeal to the right is a futile tactic. At worst they view the left as the enemy, and at best they won’t vote for someone like Trump but still won’t vote for Democrats. Because they aren’t Democrats. Because they don’t believe or want the same policies as Democrats. It’s that goddamn simple. Trump or any other Republican doing vile shit makes literally no difference in how most of them vote because *Trump still passes laws that they like and says things they agree with and puts other people in power that will do the same*. “Sure he’s a jerk, but he’s trying to build the wall! Sure he can’t hold a coherent thought in his head, but he got through the tax cuts and is trying to repeal the ACA! Sure, he’s not *actually* that religious, but he’s already placed two very explicitly Christian men on the Supreme Court!”

Half the country doesn’t vote, but the answer is to appeal to the, what, probably 2-3% of explicit conservatives to try to get their vote? Seriously! Maybe the better option would be to try to give that absent 50% a reason to show up in the first place? Because attempts at guilting them into showing up or preaching about their political responsibilities have also been tried countless times and never work. Like, ever. You need to give people something to vote *for*. Explain how you will genuinely attempt to make their lives and the lives of those around them better. Most Democrats in 2016 and many still today fail to do exactly that. At best they promised a status quo that nobody is pleased with or excited about. At worst they are blatantly lying through their teeth about changing things that everyone knows they have no intention of changing. They’re just one big political wet blanket. 

Honestly, I don’t mean to keep on berating you about this, but again, attempting to appeal to the other side is a useless, moronic endeavor. Not only will you not succeed, but you will further alienate those who are already on your side in the first place. It’s a losing strategy. 
$C: The left is running fast towards a Tea Party situation with the Democratic Socialists uprising. It will be interesting to see what happens over the next few election cycles.

My guess is we get more polarized.
$C: I’m sorry. I guess I miss the part of the Constitution that states a rural American’s voteshould count more than a urban American’s vote. If you would just point me to that now...
$C: While you're spot-on...I was just responding to the context of this little thread: 

>  "What can be done about Trump?" "And what if our vote doesn't matter?"

...when the answer is just a feel-good: "VOTE - YOU MATTER!"

It kind of falls flat for MANY in this country...for valid reasons.  You're talking to some people whose votes truly didn't matter.

> To the people who live in those areas, I would remind them that Congress doesn't fall out of the sky. The presidential candidates of 2032 are today's state legislators, mayors, governors, city councilmembers, etc.

> The hysteria surrounding the presidential elections often takes away from the importance of local races and ballot proposals, many of which will affect your life more immediately than anything the US Congress will do.


But, you're 110% right.  I like your style.

Any younger people who feel disenfranchised/dejected about your power to effect change in our government (at any level), that read/upvoted or identified with my last comment - don't listen to me, listen to /u/theactiveactor and /u/Hatewrecked - they're absolutely right.

With respect to the age-old "my parents vote this way, guess I will, too..." mentality that many young voters fall in to and the abysmal voter turnout we see in that demographic - it's great that we're seeing this next generation's pivot to finding their voice and getting engaged/active in politics.  It sucks that this current political landscape is what it took, but it's happening.  

I hope we're going to see it's effect in 2018/2020 in a big way.  I hope these young people carry that passion as they go on to raise families and impart that fire into their children.

If you want to see real change in your area/community - get out there and vote where it does count farther down the ballot.  No, it won't really make sexy headlines in the news... what it will do is make a difference.

> The presidential candidates of 2032 are today's state legislators, mayors, governors, city councilmembers, etc. 

I know it's an outlier (hopefully), but well, that wasn't true this time, the candidate was...Trump.  (I'll leave it at that, instead of injecting my personal thoughts on who/what he is...)
$C: Trust me, the GOP are working on ways to ignore that too.
$C: What can we do?
$C: I agree, there's no proof that has been released to the public. We have some circumstantial evidence, however, to suggest that they *could have*, and I think it's unlikely we would be told if they had, anyway. But it's still within the realm of reason, and that fact alone is enough to delegitimize our elections, plain and simple. *Absence* of evidence of vote changing is *not* enough. We must have a full line of evidence showing that votes absolutely were not changed.
$C: I love you
$C: I'm to lazy (and cheap) to figure out how to give reddit gold.  But this comment is pure gold.
$C: Seriously. Even if your vote doesn't matter, vote anyways.

Also, Rackem Rack. Rack ball.
$C: I'm 30, and not only did I vote, my company pays for people to volunteer at the polling places so I did that too!
$C: 1/325,700,00 is pretty close to a vacuum. 
$C: Maybe read the second sentence, it's not that hard I mean the first one is literally 5 words.
$C: I saw that on a license plate in Ontario (where Im from) and had a good laugh with my friends about it. 

It may have been some hardcore shit back in the day when that attitude was relevant, but at that moment, in the car, with all of this shit going on across the boarder, it just read as some angsty teen moto. 

They're nice words, though!
$C: You call them excuses. I call them reasons. Until the average American has no food, a mass riot won't happen. Few things inspire riots as much as hunger.
$C: I like having a job thanks
$C: It's so fucking sad. This is the world we live in. This is what people in 100 years will be looking back on and saying, "why didn't they do anything about it?" Because honestly, most people just don't fucking care at all.

Edit: I hope your kid gets better!
$C: Yes! It's finally starting to ramp up. I saw that yesterday Times Square had a pretty large protest, as well as in front of the White House.

This is great. This needs to ramp up. It won't fix itself. This is real people, not a drill.
$C: Aptly chosen username.
$C: > Also I'm Canadian

And you're telling US citizens to revolt hence meddling in their political process as a foreigner? 

You remind me of a horse riding, strong arming Ruskie... O_O

EDIT: Also wanting US citizens to shoot each other in the streets? You're a monster! I'm gonna have a word with Mr Trudeau about you...
$C: He does feel he can do no wrong.  He said he could shoot someone in the middle of the street and not lose supporters. Seriously a President said that. 
$C: I hope that's all we wake up to.
$C: It's the annoying thing with really bad people - when you really understand how damaged their mind is and how awful it would be like to be them - you do pity them, with an ebbing anger and with sadness. I mean living for power, not really getting love, living for manipulation and control, it's actually a deeply unrewarding mental position. My psycho dad ended up with two folders found after his death on 'sadness', he had written hundreds of pages on it.
$C: Haiti him, got it.
$C: Bullshit. What got him into the white house was a decades long smear campaign against Hillary Clinton and had nothing to do with him. The Repugnant party saw him as their useful idiot without realizing he was already someone else's useful idiot. 

>Seriously though I hope America takes a good long look at itself. I'd be very very disappointed if we didn't learn from this.

The Evangaliban the country over sends Nunes money over his antics fighting the "deep state." The people who are the problem do not have the intelligence to be that self aware. They turn Republicanism into their version of identity politics. They identify as Republicans despite having no clue what the Republican leadership is really up to. They identify as Christians despite doing nothing to lead a "Christ like life" and not supporting policies that are in line with the so called Christian values. 

Then take the overall reaction from the Republicans. Yes there is some outrage and the like, but most of what I've seen has come in the form of, "this will be bad for us in the midterms" and not at all about the whole treason season starting early thing. It is still business as usual in the RNC. It's still party uber alles with politics seen as a zero sum game where your side gets ahead only by fucking over the other side. 

Trump is a symptom of the much larger problem called the Republican party and until we destroy it in its current form he is just the latest in a long line of major threats to the values this country is supposed to represent. There will be another Republican useful idiot to stir up the hateful morons of the R tard base, they'll just be more careful in choosing the useful idiot next time.
$C: Exactly. It is a copy pasta.
$C: >2
>Right to keep and bear arms in order to maintain a well regulated militia.


Lmao

Fucking foreigners. 
$C: McClatchy News reported the story originally

Here are some quotes:

>**[FBI investigating whether Russian money went to NRA to help Trump](https://www.mcclatchydc.com/news/nation-world/national/article195231139.html)**

>" The FBI is investigating whether **a top Russian banker with ties to the Kremlin illegally funneled money to the National Rifle Association to help Donald Trump win the presidency**, two sources familiar with the matter have told McClatchy.

>**FBI counterintelligence investigators have focused on the activities of Alexander Torshin**, the deputy governor of Russia’s central bank who is known for his close relationships with both Russian President Vladimir Putin and the NRA, the sources said.

>**It is illegal to use foreign money to influence federal elections.**

>It’s unclear how long the Torshin inquiry has been ongoing, but the news comes as Justice Department Special Counsel Robert Mueller’s sweeping investigation of Russian meddling in the 2016 election, including whether the Kremlin colluded with Trump’s campaign, has been heating up.

>All of the sources spoke on condition of anonymity because Mueller’s investigation is confidential and mostly involves classified information.


.


> **[Who Is Maria Butina? NRA Activist Charged With Conspiracy to Act as a Russian Agent and Influence U.S. Politics](https://www.newsweek.com/nra-activist-charged-conspiracy-act-russian-agent-and-influence-us-politics-1027116)**

>"Butina later reportedly bragged that she had put members of the Trump campaign in touch with the Kremlin. Both Torshin and Butina have allegedly been involved with the GOP since 2015, and experts say that the case against Butina is likely related to Russia’s attempts to infiltrate the Republican Party through the NRA.

>**The pro-gun association contributed at least $30 million to the Trump campaign.** The Senate Judiciary Committee requested documents related to Russia and the NRA in late 2017. Several months later, reports revealed that **the FBI was also looking into whether Torshin, an ally of Putin, was funneling money into the NRA that was later directed to the Trump campaign.** No charges have been brought against Torshin yet, but he is currently under U.S. sanctions. 

>On Friday, special counsel **Robert Mueller indicted 12 Russian military intelligence officials for allegedly hacking into the computer servers** of Hillary Clinton when she was running for president in 2016. Mueller’s team has been investigating whether the Trump campaign collaborated with Russia to influence the outcome of the 2016 election, including through hacking Democratic Party officials.

.

>**[Feds probe if Russian banker sent NRA cash for Trump campaign](https://nypost.com/2018/01/18/feds-probe-if-russian-banker-sent-nra-cash-for-trump-campaign/)**  

>The feds are investigating whether a shady Russian banker linked to the Kremlin illegally funneled cash to the National Rifle Association to help Donald Trump win the election, McClatchy news reported Thursday.

>FBI investigators are scrutinizing Alexander Torshin, the deputy governor of Russia’s central bank who is known to be tight with both Russian strongman Vladimir Putin as well as the NRA, the news service reported, citing sources.

>**It would be illegal for the NRA — which donated $30 million to Trump’s campaign, the highest amount the group ever spent on a presidential race— to spend foreign money to influence federal elections.**

>It’s unclear how long the Torshin inquiry has been going on, and the McClatchy report offered no specifics on what if any evidence the feds have uncovered.

>But the revelation came as Special Counsel Robert Mueller’ probe of Russian interference in the election and possible ties to the Trump campaign appears to be rapidly progressing, with ex-Trump adviser Steve Bannon set to be interviewed.

>**The NRA did not immediately return requests for comment.**


$C: Again, the idea that the credibility of the FBI or CIA is comparable to the denials of Putin and Trump of their own wrongdoing is simply absurd. Either all of these agencies, under Obama's and Trump's appointees, are all conspiring to create this random narrative for no apparent reason, in conjunction with every social media company and cybersecurity company and Republicans in Congress, *or* Trump and Putin are lying about their own wrongdoing. The latter is about 1000000x more likely than the former. 
$C: Right, when there's overtime my co workers are ecstatic and I'm like... This is actually slavery. Need to make a change I agree but lobbyist and the government wins no matter what, if I protest I lose my job become homeless, if I don't protest nothing changes, I'm willing to lose my job 
$C: False.
$C: It did for koreans
$C: As long as they can still buy their guns and ammo they will not rise up.
$C: This type of person is all for Trump getting rid of immigrants, sending Muslims back to 'where they came from' (even if they were born in America), building that goddamned wall and making damned sure they have the right to arm themselves. It's being simple-minded and very backwards. I know this because my next door neighbors are this way. Older generation, born and raised in the south, Trump supporters all the way, pickup truck, guns, horses, rodeos, racist comments every time they open their mouths. They don't like people of color, hated Obama, use the 'N' word, you get the picture. But oh hey, Trump created jobs!!!!!!!! Why do they care though. They're retired.
$C: No shit i live in a town with a major steel mill and theyve already hit. Prices of steel shot up 60% and people are getting hours cut if not laid off all together. The plant is talking about shutting down by the end of the year. Ironic thing is i live in a republican controlled area so most of the people who work at said plant probably voted for trump. His stupidity is already being unleashed on the people.

$C: *cough* *cough* Flick Smell Flay.

I know someone that is literally a vegetarian that buys salads from there and claims to hate Pence for cooking gay people. But 'there's no way they do that, their salad is delicious'. 
$C: So stick with yours and ignore the others. So simple. Granted, not nearly as simple as broadly brushing everyone in the country one way, aside from yourself. 


$C: What was extremely disheartening to me was our net neutrality protests. It was like, despite all of our efforts and voices the government won't change because money controls the law over here. The **Majority** of the nation supported maintaining net neutrality and yet, they repealed it. The American spirit. It's an oligarchy not a democracy, our protests mean nothing, it's literally like we as Americans can constantly say no, not give consent and then corporations and lobbyists will still rape us because 'Americans are too stupid to know what they want." The infamous Ajit Pai literally released a video mocking us in our efforts last year.
$C: Also they bang on about having the second amendment so they can 360 no scope their government when they turn into tyran... Trump. 

Why aren't they marching with their guns? 100% full of shit. 
$C: that is the least punk thing i've ever read
$C: Same in every country. Honestly, this thread is full of excuses from people who seem to think protestors elsewhere have special paid protest days where police will not do anything.
$C: I am actually surprised that Trump hasn't fired Mueller. I know that it would start a humungus shit storm if he did but look at the shit storm that Trump started after the press conference in Helsinki. I know that Mueller and his team are being very methodical in their investigation and being careful not to overlook anything. It's taking a long time but so far there are people who are now in jail. Mueller is inching his way towards Trump for the bigly payoff. I'm sure Mueller and his team hearing what Trump said at the press conference was just another smile on their faces. If Trump's interpreter is forced to testify and her notes show that Trump most definitely colluded with Putin, that will be the end of Trump. Mueller will conclude his findings and with any luck, Trump will be accused of treason and put in prison. This is my fantasy. 
$C: That's absolutely shocking. You guys should do something about that. 
$C: This response is everything that's wrong with America atm and why I've lost so much respect for you guys. I've never imagined that you'd give up so quickly. 

If there were massive protests the ones in power wouldn't laugh anymore, they'd be in fear of you and believe me that they would behave very differently, crack one after the other. 
$C: Well, considering the way you feel about Republican voters, it pretty obviously spells out why the Dems can't win over those "sister-fucking yokels."  If you, a political party, or a candidate want to make a difference, you need to win over ALL AMERICANS.  
$C: >To show *whom?* The Right are the ones in power, which means the Right *are the ones whose reactions matter*. Of course we're doing it for them. If Republican voters don't care, and Republican politicians don't care, then it's all for nothing because their sister-fucking yokel base will keep voting them into power with no consequences for their treason whatsoever. 

Yeah why wouldn't the right take you seriously with calm measured speech like that 
$C: The people have the power. Believe me if there were massive protests outside of the white house and the senate, then the ones in power would behave very differently. No shit they laugh at a protest with less than 50000 people in a country with over 200 million.
$C: Trump would just move operations to Camp David. 
$C: Look, I'm a straight white cis male...I ooze privilege. If I called out of work to protest and it somehow got back to my bosses, I'd be out of a job immediately.

If something big was going down, however, I've made the choice that it would be worth it.
$C: This is so out of touch it's laughable.
$C: American legislators LISTEN to strongly worded messages, such a thing has changed hearts and minds before.
$C: That's an easy thing to write. What is false, exactly? Apparently there have been minor protests the last three days by the white House and it has been largely ignored. There's been minor protests in general before, but it's nondisruptive and easily ignored. The civil Rights movement had thousands of people marching nonstop. It was impossible to ignore. If you really cared you'd be doing the same thing. Instead you're just typing "false" like an inept moron.
$C: I think the worldwide perception of the Republican party, and America, has changed for the foreseeable future. In a bad way. Almost zero respect or admiration.
$C: A colleague (who lived through major disruption and mass boycotts and strikes in his home country) and I were discussing this week about how it might be time for mass resignations of Democrat members of congress and people in the civil service. Yes, we want the elected opposition to serve and provide a voice of dissent. But when a body like congress is so fundamentally compromised you need to get serious and dramatic.

But I feel like the Democratic leadership is still wondering “how strong should I be, I’m not sure this is a winning issue in the polls”

You think Vaclav Havel, MLK Jr or Mandela gave a fuck about polls?! 
$C: Yes, that is very frightening. 
$C: This is literally the liberal version of "antifa is going to attack with knives" and people are dumb enough to believe it because they're also liberals.
$C: I agree. Its 2018 and revolution doesn't have to mean violence anymore if we dont want it to. But lots of things need to change. People should remember that revolution is not a dirty word, it's a tool. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: False many of these protests were on weekdays https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Protests_against_Donald_Trump
$C: It is brutally unfair, 

But even their power is not as great as is so often assumed. What happens when everyone refuses to work? Their profits tank. Somehow we have all imbued our views of normal working conditions with the Ayn Rand view that only the owners make things and workers are replaceable. That only works if workers don’t stick together.
$C: What powers working who to exhaustion on weekdays? You do not have voluntary employment?
$C: [deleted]
$C: And what proportion of America would you think supported black civil rights before the civil rights movement? Hint: It wasn’t 45%

It’s only in retrospect that it seems obvious to support.
$C: Please prove 45 percent like Trump
$C: ACLU.org has some good info
$C: I didn’t intend to say there had been no weekday protests or no one was protesting on weekdays. What I was saying is that the whole thing can be dialed up in intensity, in response to a comment that said protests don’t matter because the country is too big. That’s giving up before it really gets going.
$C: You block state capitals and DC.  

You don't inconvenience the workers, you inconvenience the powers that be.
$C: Again, you think Mandela, Havel or MLKJr gave a shit about inconveniencing people?

Non violent protest hinges on the courage to inconvenience.
$C: You don't block the roads. You block offices. Driveways. Front doors.

jesus fucking christ. Blocking roads.


$C: Hey man, it’s your country. To me, the protest is not about Trump beating Hillary, he could have done that without interference.

The protest is about the denial of the actions ongoing and the unwillingness to protect the integrity of the process going forward. Did you read the OP article?

Here’s the thing, a less fragile reflexive liar than Trump could have come on board saying “I’m disturbed by the action of these foreign agents interfering with our democratic process. As president, I’m going to make damn sure this doesn’t go easily for those who attacked us”.

America has made deals with dozens of shady governments and organizations — arming the mujahideen that beget al qaeda springs to mind. But when they began to attack the US the attitude wasn’t “well, what can you do, there have been worse atrocities, our buildings are fine, no need for any extra security”

How is it McCarthyism to take seriously the actions of confirmed Russian agents? To make provision to ensure this doesn’t happen again.

And to speak so nicely and offer blatantly false defenses of the country that tried to undermine yours while attacking your one time allies? You think a weakened Europe and strengthened Russia, which has demonstrated clear expansionist ambitions is in America’s best geopolitical interest?

Shitting on Canada and acting like we are a mooch who doesn’t matter for shit when we are the US’s largest trading partner and have a larger GDP than Russia with 1/3 the population. Germany has 3x the GDP of Russia AND is a democracy AND ONLY RUSSIA IS ACTIVELY COORDINATING WAYS TO ATTACK YOU? But they get the handshakes, that’s a flat out invitation to keep it up.

Like I said, it’s your country. If you’re happy with this, your opinion counts for a lot more than mine. 

And here I am just reading up on what it was like up here during the first US Civil War so I can prepare for the worst.
$C: Yeah we’re far past the Hilary vs Trump debate. Russian crimes have been investigated and proven multiple times. Other countries are facing Russian attacks as well. There’s an entire committee working on this. Have you read the news? Do you know what McCarthyism is? We’re so far past the point of denying his evidence and seeing it as a witch hunt.
$C: No, there were not any real valid reasons to dislike Hillary. Not any more than there are "valid" reasons to dislike any other politician. Further, half the country *didn't vote*. At all. We can't know if they didn't like Hillary, Trump, or were disenfranchised. 

Reasons I've heard people claim to dislike Hillary:

-"She isn't trustworthy"; A lot of people think Hillary is a liar. Politifact rates her with 26% of her statements being mostly false or worse; for comparison, 69% of Trump's statements are mostly false or worse. Obama is at 26%; Pence is at 49%; Biden, 33%. 

-"She sold Uranium to the Russians"; No, she didn't. It was a unilateral decision, not one Hillary made alone. 

-"She isn't prepared to lead"; Yes, she was. She had dedicated her life to civil service, advocated for women and children for 40-something years, went through law school and passed the bar at a time when people still questioned whether that was something a woman *should* do, acted as a strong first lady, and then got elected as NY senator, and THEN went on to serve as secretary of state. She isn't new to politics, she has proven time and again that she knows what she fuck she is doing. 

-"Well her husband..."; Hillary is not her husband. 

-"She laughed at a rape victim!" No, she didn't. She also didn't want to defend a rapist but was told she couldn't refuse the case. She laughed decades later when recounting how the case destroyed her belief in polygraphs, and a few other aspects of details of the case. [Read more](https://www.factcheck.org/2016/06/clintons-1975-rape-case/).

The problem is that people won't just admit that they felt Hillary shouldn't be President because she's a woman. Instead, they find excuses that don't apply to men (Trump lies his ass off, was probably the least qualified of any Republican candidate in 2016, is a known womanizer, and has been accused of cheating, stealing, and rape). If Hillary was a man, she would have won handily. 

If people on the right could just admit that to themselves, we could try to work through it. But so many on the right are taught from birth that women can't and shouldn't lead, and any woman in a position of power makes them angry and uncomfortable. 

Lastly, wtf are you on about with "renewed McCarthyism"? *Our President derided our intelligence community on national television*. He has been practicing disinformation since taking office. That has not one goddamn thing to do with his political party. He stole the election with help from another nation. He is a traitor, pure and simple, and he should be removed from office, and so should anyone who is complicit. I would say the same thing if it were a Democrat, a moderate, or whoever-the-fuck. Political party is irrelevant. He has proven he has not a single fucking clue what he is doing, he is ruining our relationships with allies, giving audience to dictators, and just generally being an goddamn embarrassment. 


$C: Go home, Putin.
$C: I cannot agree, it is living memory that this was tested! Read about Gandhi. Read about the Velvet Revolution. Read about anti-apartheid boycotts. You think the powers they were resisting were weaker than your government? You think their rulers cared more for them than your government does for you?

Your own civil rights movement exemplifies all of these same things you describe. No, it does not require 50% of people to be involved to have an effect. No, your country would not be able to doodle on with no disruption if people were mass murdered. You really think your govt would go Tianemen over strikes and boycotts? There is safety in numbers. Yes, it takes courage, but there are many many steps between doing nothing and fighting violently and getting mowed down by bullets.

Always always always the power of the government is not in weaponry but the consent of the people to be governed. This is why tyrants live in a perpetual state of fear.

Resistance is not futile.


$C: Land of the free indeed.
$C: What the fuck are you talking about? America (and the world) already HAD mass protests against Trump! Nobody got shot and starved for protesting!!!
$C: The cops will break up the protest with tear gas long before the 48th hour is approaching. Those politicians don't even need to be in risk of any danger. 
$C: They won't. They'll just wait it out, and then go back to their base and use it as a demonstration of how violent and oppressive the opposition is. 
$C: There are three types of jobs in my town.

Fast food, Walmart, and factory work. Walmart and the factories make people work just the right amount of hours so they are slightly below full time, as for fast food, it's always part time. No full time. 

And that's it. We have a few corporate stores open up, but most of the people working there are from out of town.

We use to be one of those small less than 400 people population with nothing but ma and Pa stores and factories for high school kids. In the past 10 years we got a Walmart, fast food, and a few retail stores. 

High school kids use to be encouraged to either go straight to factory work after graduation, or drop out when they're 18 and get to work. 

It's really different here. The idea of not working, vacation, time off, that's considered lazy and you'll be told you're going to hell for not being a good working Christian.

For example, a relative of mine wanted to go to the beach, his parents said no. Should be the end of the story right? Well he went anyway. Now he can't ever get a job here. All the employers go to church together. They talk about how he left the factory to go be lazy at a beach, so now no one will hire him.

If you don't go to the local big church, you'll have a hard time getting a job, because they only hire Christian's, whites, and people in the "circle" basically. 

We don't have office jobs here, all manual labor, and the highest paying job you can get here is roughly $20,000 and that's if you've been working hard for years at that company.

I personally make about $600 a month, my sister makes $400 a month. We are both in college trying to make it better, get the hell out of Alabama, this place is terrible.

You ever read that story about how in Alabama some places don't have sewage, so openly dump in the river? We do that, that's how poor our area is, heck even the United Nations investigated us. Our roads have not been filled/fixed in nearly 5 years. 

So yeah, no vacations unless you want to lose it all is our motto
$C: Organize with other americans, asks protest organizations for assistance. He asked me to help him to help his country.          
If that doesnt work, then organize protests in your state. Most march to washington. The rest help the protest by protesting in their city or state capital.       
      
You guys are champions at making excuses to not protest for your country. You cant come up with these ideas yourself? Lets be honest here. Lazy, inconvenient, full of excuses
$C: Yes lol 
$C: Honestly, I think money is their incentive for the legal things too. 
$C: I’d argue that he is, and a good one at that. The fact that he’s remained in politics this long, despite his idiocy, suggests that he’s politicking pretty well 
$C: I don’t  think what I said was really defending him... I don’t support trump at all after this past week and think he should be impeached. That said, my comment was just saying that he was clearly quoting something that someone else said. I don’t think it needed to be quoted by him and I think it’s quite unprofessional that he actually said that in the eye of the public. However, if he was quoting someone else, it wasn’t him talking in hyperbole, it was him quoting someone. Knowing trump though, he could have been quoting some voice in his head lol
$C: Wow, I don’t think I’ve ever seen a comment like this on reddit. It’s ok man, my reply was a bit hostile too, I just found out some bad news and was just pissed in general. Thanks for the apology
$C: >"Attacking you" is an interesting way to phrase releasing information previous administrations tried to conceal from their electors....  
>  
>Russia didn't attack America. It released information that one political party would have preferred remain unknown.

I'm not even sure how to parse this. You're suggesting that the Obama administration went out of its way to conceal emails from John Podesta? Were those emails supposed to be public, but then Obama swooped in and hid them somehow? This is completely nonsensical framing. 

> Let's be clear, there is no suggestion that the information released by Russia was dishonest. 

Russia spent millions of dollars on fake ads, fake social media accounts, and fake news websites meant to spread disinformation. Yes, their propaganda campaign was built on dishonesty. 

>  Personally, I think an electorate only benefits from knowing if a Presidential candidate has previously fucked up and then tried to cover it up. 

Nothing hacked by Russia revealed any kind of fuck-ups by Hillary Clinton. You're painting a completely dishonest portrait of reality where Putin the autocratic murderer is a well-meaning whistleblower who exposed the non-existent crimes and wrongdoing of Clinton. There is no basis in fact for these pro-Putin, anti-American claims. 
$C: Oh shit I didn't know it was the citizens fault for what their country's intelligence agencies do. Fuck me. 
$C: Presumably they would use their station to strengthen the NATO resolve despite the damage that Trump has done so far. From there, Russia can be handled.

But you and I can entertain an infinite set of 'what-ifs' about how this thing with Trump and Rusher will play out. With that being the case, so could the dems, who would respond accordingly.
$C: Justice. We can all agree that justice and truth needs to will out. That's where I'm finding is common ground.

$C: I'm not very good at communication so changing a person's political views is outside of my charisma.
$C: What are we working backwards from? If folks can blink, walk, read, and 👂 then there should be no problem. This oversimplification nonsense (with all due respect) will allow another Trump to sully right in and garner their votes.

Trump lies. Show proof of 5 or more preferably. Ask them if they disagree or agree. That is central tenet one! Imo. If folks keep on this literal non literal 3D hooked on phonics deciphering method for Trump, then we’re doomed. Yes, every city, country, place has a specific culture and way of communicating. I get that. But back to central tenet one. There are foundations need be established. If not, we’re going in circles talking about folks who haven’t been in politics for over 2 years and absolving responsibility from the commander in chief.
$C: Dude is probably not gonna get his news from NPR.

Only other choice in most areas are the right wing AM talk stations.
$C: Right but if it's their belief that all of it is "fake news" anyway, then they believe they are actually keeping themselves enlightened by avoiding all forms of mainstream media.
$C: And many people only use it for music.
$C: In most of Trump country there are two radio stations. Church and Hispanic music 
$C: Most radio news outside of NPR is on AM, and AM is dominated by far-right koolaid drinkers.
$C: Oh the radio?  Ok.  turn on any AM channel and watch the utter bullshit racist propaganda flow through it. Theres a reason clearchannel, sinclair, etc. owns MAJORITIES of these shit media sources. They love keeping dumb people dumb.  AM radio is Hate Wing radio.

$C: Just like the other dude said. Music.
$C: But he probably doesn't know public radio like NPR exists, nor does he listen to Democracy now. 
$C: Have you listened to talk radio recently? Unless he happens to choose NPR, it's all right wing nuts anyway. 
$C: Yeah I know what you mean. I’m trying to remember a time as a kid when my parents would get into it with my uncles, aunts or other family members about politics when I was growing up. Really can’t think of a time. It’s just a weird time right now. You’re either on one side or the other. No compromise whatsoever 
$C: He continued imperialist methods and drones people; that’s one reason to not be chill with him. The healthcare thing seems cool though! Coming as a Canadian though, it still seems sort of lackluster.
$C: Honestly fuck those friends lol
$C: He was the perfect candidate. If anyone hated him, we could just call them a racist.
$C: So you want me to actually try and fail first to get better? What kind of great advice is that? I'll try next time he brings it up, but if he says anything about liberal media I'm just gonna drop it right there. I don't feel like fucking with that.
$C: Well if you understand most news channels get their news from this thing called newspapers you could disseminate fact from fiction easier . They literally lead out with several top stories oftentimes even quoting them.

If folks went back to reading ‘papers’ of record’ rather than expecting to be spoon fed their information,  we wouldn’t struggle w/ “both sides “

I should also add that their are differences between journalists and commentators. Everyone should be able to differentiate that easily . If you can’t, google them. 

Lastly I would say, Fox News from 9-11pm is propaganda. If you want proof I’ll send it to you. There is not a “both sides” narrative when it comes to them at those time slots versus their competitors. Shepherd smith and Chris Wallace are the only serious journalists on their networks. 

Yes news shows are produced. So it’s going to be different . That’s why see first point. If you read the information before you watch the news it’s harder for them to bullshit you. 
$C: It’s not a question of bias, it’s a question of degree, and Fox News is far, far worse
$C: If "outside your bubble" means "refusing to see facts as truth and letting your entire worldview be governed by emotions instead of reason" then you're probably right. 

The only arguments I ever see from Trump supporters anymore are whataboutisms, deflection, untruths, attacks, and denial.

Towards the beginning of the presidency there were people on the right that were willing to discuss politics in an informed and honest matter, but as time has went on all of the people that were supporting him because of policies only have stopped supporting him. 

All that's left are either racists who are glad a white man is in office instead of Obama, hardcore evangelicals that are homophobic and/or pro-life single issue voters, or people who are so indoctrinated with anti-left propaganda that they will never ever not support a candidate with R next to their name.

Anyone who is willing to admit Trump has done awful things and is acting in a way unbecoming of a president has already turned on him now. The rest are zealots who do not allow facts or reason to sway their judgement.
$C: It is sad. The level of anti-Americanism coming from the executive branch is off the hook. If you still stand with the man I don't know how you can call yourself a patriot. He is diametrically opposed to everything that makes us great (diversity, the constitution, our laws, our courts, etc.). On top of this, Trump supporters seemed completely divorced from reality. I cannot find common ground with someone who has adopted a cult. Reason had nothing to do with it. Try to find common ground with the David Miscavige or his little Scientologist cult members. This is the same exercise with Trumpers. These people are lost. 
$C: Because they're fucking idiots that spit nonsense. The time to engage is over. The time to isolate them is way past due.
$C: I mean have you looked at the headline of the thread we're in? If anyone can say without a shadow of a doubt that Trump has been fixing everything then obviously they either don't know the facts or are just willingly ignoring them to further themselves. I'm giving the dude the benefit of the doubt that he just doesn't know.
$C: Um no? He just wants to avoid heated arguments in order to get along with someone. People still do that, right? And it is very much an acknowledgement that someone has a different opinion. There would be no point in saying it otherwise. 
$C: It doesn't sound like that at all.
$C: Willfully ignoring facts is not a differing opinion. It’s ignorance. 
$C: Opinions aren’t all magically equally valid.
$C: I appreciate and agree with your sentiment.  However in this case, we are so far beyond the pale.  We are not talking about the merits of the president's policy position.  This is an asshole undermining everything we stand for.  His motivations don't even matter at this point.  
$C: Don't you think that it's a bit ironic that you took a screenshot of this in order to post it on T_D?
$C: Well different opinions are for things where the facts aren't abundantly clear. If the sun rises every day, you can't have an opinion on what happens tomorow. However Republicans seem to have managed to create an effective propaganda machine able to convince their base that facts are relative and subject to opinion. 

So although I agree that openness to different opinions is quite valuable, I think enabling the corrosion of facts into opinion is extremely dangerous to our society.
$C: So I assume you were appalled at Trump’s selection of Bolton? You seem to be passionately against the Iraq war and deeply sensitive to the deaths there; as I’m sure you know there was and still is no greater proponent of that war than Bolton.
$C: I try to be fair at least some of the time, so I'm willing to accept that Russian meddling may have occurred.

&nbsp;

However, I'm still suspect of the story which is being furthered (and its agenda) with regard to the president.

&nbsp;

Let's go with the DNC hacks; I've read that an individual with access to the server released the password for it; if that's true, than anybody could have had access to that server, which resulted in the release of emails which were not favorable to Clinton being released on wikileaks.  Feel free to correct me on that information, because I'm pretty hazy on this stuff.

&nbsp;

Even if that isn't correct, if Russia hacked the DNC, the ultimate result from that is that Clinton got negative attention for statements which were never meant for public consumption.... Which doesn't seem too dissimilar to me to someone recording a certain conversation in which the statement, "women let you grab them by the pussy" was made.

&nbsp;

And, something like two years later the special investigation into Russian meddling results in 12 indictments for Russian nationals working for the Russian government.  The weird part about this is that it seems odd that the investigation would reach that conclusion when they never had access to the server in question.  Furthermore, I've never, in my life, heard of one government publicly indicting employees of a foreign government for doing their job.  That's more of a thing where nations declare war on one another.

&nbsp;

The next part of Russian meddling is even more bizarre: Russians *infiltrated* Facebook and essentially advertised for Trump to win.  I assume candidates campaign (advertise) for themselves, so I have to wonder how much Russia paid for their campaign advertising versus how much the presidential candidates advertised/campaigned, in terms of cost.  It sounds almost like the Russians are more efficient at advertising in American elections than Americans are.  It also sounds like the American people cannot be trusted to have facebook--although I believe the US Constitution guarantees Facebook the right to exist, I don't disagree with this last statement I have made, and the fact that Facebook is as popular as it is I think easily demonstrates that.

&nbsp;

So, ultimately, I'm skeptical about the *hacking* aspect of this story, as well as, the extent to which it influenced the election.  I'm less skeptical that Russians attempted to, and perhaps successfully did, meddle in the election.  I suspect many nations meddle in the elections of other nations, it would be kind of stupid not to.  The fact that showing private messages publicly and Facebook are considered serious threat vectors in an American election by the media is much more disconcerting to me.  It suggests to me that no matter how close we might be to a free and fair election, the media will at will, attempt to undermine our perception of that election if they do not like the candidate or the result.
$C: I don't troll. I'm just telling it as it is.
$C: Yep. I identify politically as a right-wing nationalist with authoritarian tendencies.
$C: Uh... what? I'm a bit lost here.
$C: The most intelligent comment in this thread. Doesn't matter right or left. Half the time headlines don't reflect the content in the article, and even less than that does an article reflect real events. 
$C: > (mostly because I want a proxy war in Sri Lanka)

wow
$C: [deleted]
$C: I would definitely make the claim that Trump was and is a complete stooge, again I don't know. What I'm saying is, no matter whether there was collusion or not, I think his rhetoric on Russia is based mostly on his ego. 

I don't think Russia made a huge amount of contact with the Trump team except to give them dirt. I mean, Russia specifically picked Trump because they knew he was a destabilizing idiot, I wouldn't want him being part of the planning process. Even if there was contact outside of the Kushner emails there's no way the Trump team was in on the whole thing, Russia controlled everything.

Based on the info we have, I think it's too early to try to figure out if Trump colluded or not. Have suspicions? Sure, but not conclude
$C: About all it deserves. Bud.
$C: Absolutely, which is why I still think there's a very good chance but am not convinced. [Here so I don't have to type it again.](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/901p5f/comment/e2nstse?st=JJSJG5FL&sh=d6cfb0be) 
$C: All of that makes sense, and that's why I'm still definitely suspicious but not convinced. I'm trying to think about it from the perspective of Russia, you're specifically choosing Trump because you want him to be an idiotic wrecking ball for the west, why would you involve him in any stage of planning or even let him know what you're doing? I think at most they dropped dirt via the team and his family, I don't know if that would count as collusion or not. 

Again, I'm still suspicious, and if more info comes out I'll change what I think in a heartbeat.
$C: It doesn't sound like your politicians are trying to limit some groups from voting. 
$C: Honestly, I don't know much about how American society works deep down, but I remember the "Lewinsky Scandal" being a big media thing. So much so I remember being a kid and seeing daily updates in the evening news over here in Australia.

That shit doesn't seem to happen anymore. Hell, it seemed bigger than coverage and news on Bush's war and we got fucking involved in that.

I dunno. Could be way off.
$C: By the traditional definition, the U.S. will always be a first world country.

>The term "First World" refers to so called developed, capitalist, industrial countries, roughly, a bloc of countries aligned with the United States after World War II, with more or less common political and economic interests: North America, Western Europe, Japan and Australia.

The Soviet/Russian version is second. Non-aligned to either are third.
$C: If I’m drowning in shit, and my neighbor is drowning in flaming shit, how is that supposed to make me feel better about drowning in shit?

We have to do better. Suffering less than one person isn’t a winning strategy, and comparisons only stroke the ego. 

We need to thrive , and we can’t do that being choked by the weeds this president is sowing. 
$C: I think you dropped this /s
$C: It's not hard to really impeach a President if the House and Senate believes that a President needs to be impeached. The problem is, a big chunk of Congress won't do it.
$C: Helsinki. He literally said fuck my own intelligence and police, I'm taking Putin's word on this one. What exactly do you think the article that we're discussing is about. 
$C: Nothing more than I want to see is some hot testimony and perp walks. If I can be punished by false statements for the relatively very minor things I've had to sign before vs state security matters, these assholes need the book and the shelf it sat on thrown at them
$C: I think at this point most historians are drinking themselves into stupor, just to make the pain go away a little easier.
$C: This is a sport to them, not politics.
$C: > Trump pride rally

So is that like MAGA buttsex?
$C: Because his only accolade is that he won.

He has done *nothing* that can or should be celebrated: even the "rally"-goers can't think of anything.
$C: Because to actually stay politically informed is too much for them. Honestly. I have family who are historically conservative and it seems, to me, that they are consistently a month or so behind on the news.
$C: Ay shout out to the Middletown redneck contingent, and people from Jersey in general who think they're from the south. 
$C: Because they have nothing else in their lives
$C: Didn't Russia get caught paying to organize these type of Trump rallies in Florida?
$C: >They say Saturday's rally is not just in support of Trump: It will also be a protest against New Jersey's Democratic Gov. Phil Murphy, who himself lives in a mansion in a very wealthy party of Middletown Township.

But Trump is totally okay though. Bet they were Christie fans too.


$C: Especially stupid 
$C: Yeah, it’s called the sunk cost or gambler’s fallacy.  There’s no way to talk them into just accepting their losses and walking away from the table, so just leave them there.
$C: Honestly I'm convinced the I told you so it's what they are most afraid of. Because we told them. Over and over we told them. We argued with them about it. I think it's more devastating to win and then have your win revoked, than to just not win. I know if I were in their situation I'd feel really dumb.
$C: That's a really big crime. 
$C: The thing about rules: they only work when both sides agree to them.

>We have to sway them with intelligent conversation, honest facts, and person to person interaction.

This is a pretty concise list of exactly the things that Trump supporters do not give one single shit about. They're much more interested in baseless and psychotic conspiracy theories.
$C: They don’t care about being swayed, they won’t even accept things like climate change and teaching evolution in schools.  Fuck them, there’s nothing to discuss, and pretending there is is only rigging the game to be easier for them.  
$C: The problem is that you can’t win someone over with intelligent conversation and honest facts if they aren’t willing to listen. In my experience, even when I’ve just tried to have a genuine and civil conversation to better understand our differences in opinion, they still aren’t willing to listen to my “fake news” facts or opinions. They (i.e. family members) just increase the volume of their voice and repeat Fox News points that don’t make any sense until I’m too emotionally exhausted to continue. 

It’s been eye opening to see people who I once respected get sucked into the Trump/Fox news bullshit. For so long I kept thinking something would happen that would make them open their eyes but I’ve given up. For them it’s not about the truth, it’s about feeling superior. I get that demonizing the other side won’t help things but this is beyond simply being liberal or conservative. This is a group of people who embrace ignorance and anti-intellectualism. Those aren’t people you can win over with conversation and honest facts.
$C: Umm..trumpets aren't uniting behind impeachment. They're doubling down on the waffling and lies. 
$C: Well republicans have been doing their level best to ruin the schools so they keep pumping out new republicans for quite a while now 
$C: You clearly have no clue what that word means.
$C: That word doesn't mean quite what you think it does
$C: Crawl back to your hole.
$C: Communism is on the exact other side of the spectrum. It's about as far away from trump and his supporters as you can get.
$C: Exactly, we're far more preoccupied by the treason and corruption to give a shit about his appearance. I'm sure if you search hard enough you'll find some random person calling him orange, but they just dig for that so they don't have to face reality.
$C: Yeah his small hands.
$C: Hmm, which subs? I browse the main big subs such as /r/politics, /r/news and even /r/pics sometimes, but I almost never see jokes about his appearance anymore, people are far more preoccupied by the corruption and treason. To be fair I generally don't go past 10-20 threads sorted by "best", that's when shit starts getting really stupid.
$C: Hey I notice you left out the part where t_d was advertising a nazi rally and telling people to go and support the cause and not be mean to any nazis.  You know, Unite The Right, where one of them murdered a woman.  But yeah wow the left will ban you from an internet forum so really it’s just equal craziness on both sides, right?
$C: FOH with that false equivalency nonsense. LSC is *very* open about the fact that they ban dissenters, to a fault. The automod post on every single thread tells users to go to a different sub to debate. They're fully aware it's an echo chamber.

None of those things apply to the_dump.
$C: Rent-Free
$C: Also, bots. Lots and lots of bots. Bots on bots on bots.
$C: Trump loyalists.
$C: Hey man, hiding from shame is a dirty business
$C: [deleted]
$C: I don't know much about that subbreddit. Even though I am sure it deals with social issues, I'm talking about subs that talk about politics like 24/7. 

#

>  I have never seen this much manufactured outrage in my entire life

#

If you think it's manufactured, then you won't ever get it. It's simple as that. No point in anyone trying to explain it to you--it's just a waste of time. If I were you, I wouldn't even bother trying to get it.

And let's be fair. You said you "NEVER" seen so much manufactured outrage? How about how Republicans treated Obama? How about how they treated Hillary? Were you around conservatives when they said they would make Obama a one term president before he even did anything--like they had plans mapped out to stonewall him before he was even sworn in? 

Were you around when they launched investigation after investigation into Hillary Clinton--AND STILL came out with jack shit?

>I have never seen this much manufactured outrage in my entire life

#

Like I said, it's a waste of time. I'm at a point where I believe being cordial is simply a chore. I won't disrespect anyone, but I won't entertain this as if you are approaching it impartially. It's damn near impossible, I know.

#

> It's clearly visible that something else is at play

#

Or maybe Trump is just shit. I know. I know. It's hard to imagine a world where you are wrong. But could you try? I mean, yes. Yes. Everyone else in the world is wrong but you Trump supporters.

#

> Shows I used to enjoy like Colbert are so polarized right now, only a fool would think that there is no agenda behind them; blatant propaganda that sometimes has truth to it.

#

Yea, see what I said above. Also, you want to see propaganda, go back to r/politics in 2015-16 and you will see some of the most blatant stuff you have ever seen before. The shift from left to right slowly back to left at the end was the craziest thing ever. I don't know what to tell you. Some of us have been here for a while now and have seen the other side. We aren't just starting with Trump. Conservatives have been playing dirty games for years. Now, they selected a nincompoop, and act outraged when we continuously call him out for being one. You know damn well if Trump was a Democrat, conservatives would be howling at the moon over his antics.

At this point, I think your time would be better spent trying to convince Trump to stop doing stuff that puts him in the news than to try to stop this train.

>How could we 100% put our faith into sources that claimed 98% victory for clinton, or were so adamantly criticizing Trump for some ridiculous stuff (two scoops, small hands ETC.) that did not matter.

#

Those were polls, bro. And they are usually right. Also, we never (as far as I know) had a foreign nation actively participate in influencing an election. Yes, I know. I know. Russia didn't make you vote for Trump. But I sure as hell bet, Russian propaganda convinced people to sit out this election. 

> two scoops, small hands ETC

#

Are we talking about memes or real news?

#
> Am I crazy for that observation? Am I racist? bigoted? Dumb? lack critical thinking? a hillbilly that totally doesn't attend university in Vancouver? I'm just trying to see through this. And pardon me for not making the formatting for this wall of text more exciting/ readable, its just a rambling of thoughts.

#

Like I said, I don't think you need to even worry about it. We are just going to keep trucking on without you guys. Progress has always been made by us. We will make it here too and write about it in books for our kids to read in the future. It's up to you to decide whether you want yours to believe what they read in books or not.  
$C: You're right that the extent of polarisation is higher than ever but that's not because of some conspiracy but because of how Trump himself is. He doesn't give a shit about neutral, about respect, about the truth. In a climate where being neutral will lead you to being blindsided by the POTUS with his namecalling, his shameless lies how do you expect the nytimes or anyone really to remain neutral?

There are undoubtedly also factors about viewership, ratings mixed in with all this. No news outlet really just thrives on their journalistic integrity these days and with this divide now so massive the readership of pro-left outlets don't want to read *any* pro Trump content and vice versa.

Unfortunately the hogwash has become damaging as you say and has resulted in people like you but understand that this is not some media conspiracy but just the result of how polarising Trump is. I'm still curious how being jaded by the media leads you to being a Trump supporter? Do you just want to support the underdog? Do you not have a problem with his lies, his attitude? Simply put how do you not have a problem with the man himself?
$C: I've got a theory on what *really* happened to that sub, but there's no good places to discuss it. 
$C: /r/conspiracy allowed it to happen because they were mostly idiots. 
$C: There are those of us that still enjoy a good conspiracy, but it has gotten out of hand there. I've really noticed it over the last two years. It's become very elitist now unfortunately. 
$C: Sucks because it was a fun place to read once upon a time, even if I thought the majority of the posts were silly as hell :( Now I just feel gross if I stumble into it. 
$C: Not entirely. The sub is pretty split. I rarely post there because it’s toxic. Unfortunately even smaller populations of subs can ruin everything if they are more vocal. 

Conspiracies can be fun. Garbage about pizza places and false flag shootings are not. 
$C: Not defending them at all, I don’t agree with anything they say but you could say the same about this sub. This sub is so far left leaning that the opposition is rarely heard, and there is countless comments calling republicans as a whole idiots and hillbillies when we know that can’t possibly be 100% true. Are there racist bigot trump supporters? Yes absolutely. Are there dumb white male hating liberal feminists? Yes absolutely. But they don’t make up the parties as a whole. 


$C: Only idiots and operatives deal in absolutes
$C: Those were the days, eh?

I used to mostly read to just to laugh at some dumbshit things, and occasionally read something that made me question shit. Now its just.. disgusting.
$C: I guess you are right, it was just way easier to ignore.
$C: There have been fiction books of other countries getting a president elected in the US. You'd think conspiracy theorists would love that.

Instead, it actually makes more sense that Trump was elected goodly and fairly, but Hillary Clinton and Obama (who are not really that important or powerful in the grand scheme of things) are somehow running the entire government still and conspiring against Trump.
$C: It's not just anti-Israel or anti-Zionism though. That's a copout.

They're beyond suspicious of anyone who happens to be Jewish. Seriously, if someone's mentioned and they're Jewish it'll be mentioned (their Jewishness?) every time despite being irrelevant.

The Soros hate can't be explained without a fair amount of antisemtism.
$C: Ya Trump's own son in law is Jewish plus Trump and Netanyahu are bros.
$C: The Republican party is *literally* the establishment party. I don't think being contrarian is the primary dogma driving their motivated reasoning; the only explanation that consistently follows the narrative they choose is bigotry.
$C: Fascinating seeing how people like you can willfully fool themselves and make themselves feel superior at the same time.
$C: And porn. Don’t forget porn. 
$C: Crisis actors, that one is maybe even worse.
$C: In the first line, on mobile, can't link directly.

Or just Wikipedia, you know.

Anyways, fair enough then, it is sadly common to have actual non-believers these days. I misinterpreted your comment as such.
$C: Can you describe what’s linked? I don’t click on random Youtube links.
$C: ...well that was weird
$C: That was fucking terrifying and eye opening.
$C: You're definitely right that *some* of them are legit. If you were on reddit when The_Donald came about in the year before the election, the amount of activity and manipulation on that sub was absurd. I really doubt they would have gained the level of notoriety that they have if it were just a bunch of right wing shitheads. 
$C: And seee^eee^ee^ee^e^e^e
$C: Putting the embassy in Jerusalem was already decided on by Bill Clinton, Trump is just the one that followed through. How does one stoke tension in an already occupied war zone? 

Add:Yes give me your tired, sick and wounded downvotes you brigading hacks
$C: Oh Bush was bad alright, but we're so far off the normal scale of good and bad now that Bush is starting to look like he's on the good end.
$C: Oh bush was awful all right, but at least he himself said not to judge all Muslim's for the actions of a few radicals. Trump is literally the opposite on that.
$C: Violence: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/trump-2nd-amendment-folks-stop-clintons-supreme-court/story?id=41239648 - August 9, 2016

Racism: https://www.cnn.com/2018/01/11/politics/immigrants-shithole-countries-trump/index.html - January 11, 2018

and

https://www.miamiherald.com/news/local/news-columns-blogs/andres-oppenheimer/article213543104.html - June 20, 2018

Edit: A 1
$C: Where have you been getting news? All through the campaign trail, he would bring up violence as an answer. Shoot, at one of them he literally said of one of the audience members "Somebody should take him out and kick his ass." And they did. 
$C: There are lots of examples. Do you live under a rock? 
$C: Did white supremacists in the past wear a president's campaign slogan or did leaders of such groups endorse a presidential candidate?
$C: 

>Did he actually say this? 

At this point, do you even need to ask?


$C: "I like my Christians Christian." 
$C: >he **was** Jewish. 

As **were** all of his disciples. 
$C: Good luck convincing the evangelicals that. 
$C: Christian simply means Christ-like, so he would have been the first Christian (plus being Jewish and Christian isn't mutually exclusive). 
$C: Brown, doesn't speak English, preached forgiveness and financial charity, works a skilled manual labour job.

Jesus is everything the religious right hate, whether he's Arab or Mexican.
$C: That is terrifying 
$C: He has stated, as if to be proud of it, that he watched a man bleed out on his marble tile gasping for help and that he didn’t help and  was pissed it stained the tile.
$C: Beautifully put, and without the outrage my response contained. Hopefully this added information provides a few supporters of those disgraceful comments with a different perspective. 

There was never any doubt that he was a war hero. He was a **political revival** of Trump, which means basic decency and respect is off the table. 
$C: What McCain did doesn't make him a hero, it makes him an honorable soldier/sailor. What it does mean is that he wasn't a coward. Had he left his fellow captured brothers, he'd be a fucking coward for life! So no, you don't get a pat on the back for simply NOT being a fucking coward! A good man yes, a hero no.
$C: Didn't Trump accidentally give Russia and Iran secret information about ISIS that was obtained by the Israeli intelligence operatives?  Oh yeah, he did:

> **[The controversy over Trump's intelligence disclosure to Russia, explained](https://www.vox.com/world/2017/5/16/15646762/trump-russia-classified-information-explainer)**

>"
    Trump disclosed the information in an Oval Office meeting with Lavrov on May 10. **Russian Ambassador** to the US Sergey Kislyak (yes, that Sergey Kislyak) was also there.
    The information **Trump revealed to Lavrov concerned information about an ISIS plot to bomb airplanes using laptops.
    Revealing it “jeopardized a critical source of intelligence on the Islamic State,”** according to the Post — specifically by giving the Russians enough information about the nature of the source to easily identify who or what it is.
    That intelligence came from “espionage capabilities of a key partner,” per Jaffe and Miller, that we now believe to be Israel. T**he information allegedly provided by the Israelis was so sensitive that it wasn’t being shared with any other allies.**
    The gaffe — something unprecedented in recent American history — seems to have been the result of Trump bragging about the quality of his intelligence. “I get great intel. I have people brief me on great intel every day,” the president reportedly said."

>"These basic details essentially have been confirmed by a number of other outlets — including the New York Times and the Wall Street Journal. The basic contours seem pretty clear."

It's clearly just a *game* to Trump.
$C: Well we could start with "illegally used his government status to advocate his wife's private business" with a side of "repeatedly lied to the American people" and, from there, "cooperated with a foreign government to get elected" and maybe finish off with "treason". 

I think that could be good start for the impeachment proceedings.
$C: It's not about "disrupting" the west, that's just a byproduct. It's about establishing presence which benefits you.

It's not something only Putin does, or is new--it's something the USSR has done quite a lot(as well as some other countries) in the past before, he's simply continuing what's been the strategy all along.

If you have wealth, power, etc. why wouldn't you use it to your advantage? Especially, considering that even if you get "caught" there's no repercussions because you can just deny it and nobody can do anything.
$C: Maybe it's time the west started disrupting Russia.
$C: Let's disrupt his face.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Oops sorry you don't know anything about it apparently so why you're telling me who not to underestimate is useless.
$C: >Its the organization that has spent decades torturing, drugging, and experimenting on American citizens.

Not to defend their actions, which were reprehensible, but their intentions were and always have been to defend the nation from adversaries.
$C: sorry, who's side do you think they're on, out of curiosity?
$C: Diplomacy is not when you castigate your own country and country men in order to gain the good graces of a foe. The US and Russia were not going to go to war over any of the current hot button topics despite the tension, the stakes weren't that high but to say Russia was not hostile is disingenuous, war is not the only way you know a country is hostile to your interests.
$C: Big if true
$C: As performed by Metallica
$C: And, even if it's not him, it could have been others. Apparently, there's a trail of them that are dead because the Steel Dossier came to light.

Here's another one:

https://www.thedailybeast.com/was-this-russian-general-murdered-over-the-steele-dossier

He was murdered. Oh, wait, no he wasn't! The Russian Intelligence Services (FSB) were called to the scene and he died of a heart attack in the backseat of his car!
$C: Thats not the twist, Charlie. 
$C: he remembered who he was. 

you should read the released chapters. one arya, one Sansa, one of the dorne girls, and one from theon. they were all very great.
$C: Are you serious?
$C: That's a joke. Someone from that subreddit calling anything else a safe space.
$C: Back to T_D sweetie 

:)
$C: I guess you missed the reference:

https://www.elle.com/culture/career-politics/a21753821/melania-trump-i-really-dont-care-do-u-jacket-immigrant-children-visit/

I don't hate you my dude, I just don't respect Republicans or fans of Trump. I am afraid of the dangers you people cause for others through ignorance, but I don't hate people for being ignorant.

Obama was literally on his way out of a second term and while I don't understand why he didn't "do something about it" I don't see how it changes Trump's lying about Putin's or Russia's involvement, then firing the people who were investigating it, and TRUMP choosing to reward Putin rather than shame or reprimand his actions.

I'm not a big fan of Obama nor Hillary for that matter, but I definitely view Trump and this administration as a literal threat to many American's safety.
$C: I had always assumed the lies had to be good ones.  I'm a bit terrified at how low the bar is set.  I've heard more convincing lies from 5 year olds.
$C: very necessary comment on my almost complete drunken comment from last night.

Seriously I made a slew of worthless comments I'm backpedaling today - sorry for the distraction.
$C: $1000 handshake, as they say in college sports.
$C: It's also convenient that the same protections aren't afforded to citizens. But that's fine, we have \*"nothing to hide."\*
$C: It is now.
$C: I agree, I have seen it first hand. It's hard to belive someone would call them selves a man of god and then post stuff on facebook supporting the border wall and justifying tormenting young children by separating them from their families. It's christians that support trump for pro life reasons and justify all the crazy trump shit because god wants killing babies to stop. So instead you force women to have babies they can't support and then cut funding for programs and benefits they now need to rely on when they didn't want the kid in the first place. Christians may believe it's wrong to have abortions but for some reason they think they get to make the choice for all women based on their religious beliefs. Kinda screwed, thought there was supposed to be a separation of church and state?
$C: The same thing that makes anyone change their views on the world. Personal experience. I ended up going a direction that made me more and more empathetic. Because of my personal experience and the ensuing change in philosophy, I became concerned less about my personal story in this world and more about the well being of humanity. That's not to say I'm not selfish time after time but I see the world less as a place I am in and more as a place to be in. I think many of the positions the American right espouses are based on not a lack of sympathy, but on a lack of a empathy. Conservatives, evangelicals, Republicans, Christians, etc. that I know genuinely care about the poor among them. They genuinely care about minorities and cultures they find hard to understand. What they don't have is a way to empathize with them. They haven't been connected to them in a tangible way. Many of their lives have been insulated to the point that they don't know how to act around people who don't look like them or believe what they believe. I've gone from one extreme to another and I'm aware that at some point I could change my mind again. 
$C: Well, seeing as how 90% of republicans are supportive of Donald Trump's performance as president...

And honestly, if what drives you towards utterly inhumane policies is because someone's "mean" to you, that's not my fault. 
$C: LIFELONG REPUBLICAN HERE, AFTER SEEING YOUR COMMENT I AM NOW OFFICIALLY CHANGING TO THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY. THIS IS REASONABLE.
$C: It only sounds extremist because of how grotesque the reality is.
$C: How? I don't give a fuck what the "base" looks like. I don't care what "regular Republicans" like you think about an issue.

The Republican party as an entity has proven over the past 10 years that everything in that post is 100% how they will move policy. And the Democratic party is a "big tent" party with no fucking ideology at all so it just happens with no fightback.
$C: You may surrender, but many more shall not.
$C: Lol. Baby's first nihilism. 

You don't sound nearly as smart as you think you do.
$C: A better future is possible.

We just have to slaughter the bourgeois to get there.
$C: [https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emancipation_Proclamation](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emancipation_Proclamation)
$C: It already has, a fucking lot. Jackass.
$C: I don't see how you could argue with a straight face that any of the things I listed above about the GOP are false.
$C: It's hilarious because your downvotes *literally prove your point.*
$C: But there's plenty more of us, with many veterans that can train and lead in the mix. Not to mention the ease of access nowadays where anyone can learn anything within minutes. We don't need trained soldiers, just willing people.
$C: I guess you don't get any benefits from the EPA, the FCC, unions, international trade, healthcare (hint: Trump+GOP has made it way worse), and enjoy the hugely increased tax burden citizens are going to get smacked with once the temporary cuts expire.

>..and thanks to Obama I may be dead before it burns down.

eyeroll.emoji
$C: > Fuck you.


$C: Yeah, good luck getting any relief on your healthcare costs from the GOP. 
$C: fine, far leftist.

Either way, your fucking retarded.
$C: McConnell is the head of the mainstream republican movement. Yeah Obama had to reach across the isle for a unified front against cyber attacks from an american adversary. Sadly that cooperation just wasnt there. Those matters are actually fairly sensitive, and screaming public murder over them at the time would have likely undermined a lot of crucial work from various intelligence agencies and risked larger hysteria. Basically, the president is just one part of a larger formula. Checks and balances and all that. Sadly congress didn't care. Don't get me wrong, obama had his faults and was far from a perfect president, but the blame shifted on to him for this specific issue is pretty offbase.

$C: oh no no no.  We are not making this mistake twice.  We get through this, everyone who supported Trump will be mocked viciously if they EVER fucking decide to be self-righteous or condescending again.  I for one will be relentless until they understand why they were wrong, and how to prevent it from happening again.  Never again.   This proud ignorance needs to be shunned out of our culture because it's literally a national security threat to be that fucking stupid.  
$C: Actually I'm inclined to believe they'll support him even more. If he's ever impeached he'll be seen as a martyr - a brave and selfless American who tried to stand up to the globalist deep state, only to fall victim to their treachery. There is literally no limit to their delusion.
$C: But the internet is like a giant changelog of people's lives so it's easy to call them out on it.
$C: My father-in-law has a picture of Nixon framed and on the wall in his den.  Trump is not going anywhere.
$C: Only if you are willfully ignorant.

Korea *is still a threat*. They have continued to increase their nuclear abilities and made it clear they will continue to do such in the future. They are still talked about as well. Absolutely nothing has changed besides the fact now they got wonderful propaganda photos of Kim and Trump being equals, and Trump bumbling and making mistakes. Nothing else changed.
$C: That takes time to prosecute though.
$C: I wonder what would happen if, hypothetically, Trump and Pence were both removed from office and Ryan became president but then the GOP lost control of the House in the midterms. Would Ryan serve the remainder of Trump's term or would Pelosi become president at that point? 
$C: [removed]
$C: It is criminally corrupt. Russia has always lead a disinformation campaign.. all they needed was for another major world leader to do the same.. enter trump.
$C: John Oliver did a segment that shows you just how bad it gets down that rabbit hole 

Edit: I can’t find the video, just watch his show. It’s pretty good. 
$C: You spelt party wrong. 
$C: yes but at that point I would not be surprised if the GOP then used the excuse of Trump is gone no more need to investigate to remove Mueller. They then sweep the whole thing away saying that it was just Trump and literally change nothing.
$C: We just need to get down to Mattis
$C: > Unless Pence goes down, too. And whoever's behind him, and so on.

Whoever's behind him is Paul Ryan.  Until November.  Whichever party takes the House becomes third in line.
$C: He was Manafort's pick for a reason.
$C: I swear to god if this goes down BSG style and we end up with President DeVos I'll find a way to OD on fucking Pixie Stix. 
$C: It seems more likely than not, at this point.
$C: unless pence gets elected to 2 more terms.... 
$C: Pence got put where he is because of Manafort. And if you think that's not nefarious enough, wait until Paul's trial starts in the EDVA next week and evidence/testimony starts getting out.
$C: If Democrats take the House this November, then the third in line for the Presidency would be the person they have as Speaker of the House
$C: If Paul Ryan got indicted and thrown in jail I would be sooooo happy.
$C: It dawned on me that a comment phrased like this, I’d usually brush off or laugh because it’s an obvious exaggeration, but I’d literally not be surprised one bit if it came to light that an embarrassingly large number of Republican politicians and Trump admin figures are in on it all.
$C: Well the political system is corrupt. But mostly it's legal (lobbying etc.)
$C: Both trees are rotted, anymore its a matter of picking the least worse candidate. This is a sad state of affairs.
$C: Do you want a coup d'etat? Because that's how you get a coup d'etat.
$C: They’re politicians, of course they’re all corrupt.  Some are just worse than others. 

Edit:  Downvoted for saying politicians are corrupt.  Seriously, you all need a reality check if you think anyone gets to that level without being dirty. 
$C: The "moderates" didn't leave. The NeverTrump "conservatives" were a vocal group of people in the media who had no audience, they were just propped up by billionaire donors who were totally out of touch with the GOP base. Trump is the most popular president with Republicans in 70 years according to polls.
$C: > Hillary was such an awful choice

Give examples when you say this or 
I have to assume you are still angry about Hillary strangling Seth Rich to death in an alley on her way to Comet Pizza
$C: Nope just misguided. 
$C: Not dumb, just fifth column
$C: Congrats! Good choice!

Edit: /s
$C: That's just it - unless they can find Trump clones, they're going to drift away regardless. Either that or the GOP will really remake itself in Trump's image forever. If that happens, I would hope the rational part of the party splinters off. I hate the thought of what could potentially be a viable third party being the equivalent of Golden Dawn, but better that than having two parties, one center-right and the other so far right even Mussolini would think they're a little out there.
$C: My money is on that you'd just insert McGovern 2.0, Trump 2.0 or Tea Party Candidate 2.0, ect. into the political arena.


$C: I think you underestimate both his base and the power a healthy economy has on voters. Voters will overlook most everything if the economy is chugging along at a solid pace.
$C: He can’t blame the Russians. It’ll go back to tried and true “millions of illegals” voting. 
$C: He can blame whoever he wants and it won't matter.
$C: Hahaha you really think so? Idk how he can spin that from saying they didn't meddle to of course they did! Wouldn't that be kind of contradicting and hypocritical? 

However, these two years have shown anything is possible and gop supporters would gobble anything presented in front of them.
$C: Putin will openly affirm it. Case closed. Full circle. 

Mass Societal Suicide
$C: Then maybe we'll get our pee tape. 
$C: And if he wins there is no russian meddling. Great, he even said he thought the russians were and werent meddling. What a slimy, scummy way to win brownie points
$C: When, not if. 
$C: >If Trump gets impeached, his rabid base loses their minds and does god knows what and US loses even more credibility on the world stage for having actually impeached and convicted a president for the first time in the nation's history

Nixon was far more popular and effective while targeting the same base.... There was no conservative blood bath or mass protest. 
$C: >His goal isn't to support Trump as much as it is to further divide the American people.

More like putting trump in his place....trump probably figured he'd have to actually buck russia at some point.... Putin shut that shit down. 
$C: He probably knows the Republicans will never impeach Trump because they're in his pocket, too. So this just makes people on the left more and more angry.
$C: Agreed. I think its in the countrys overall best inerest for him to get impeached. Moreso to show that the lying and flipflopping endlessly plus everything else will not be tolerated. Yet him remaining in office sets even worse precedent where you could literally change your opinion all the time to fit all sides and say "look i supported this" despite never actually doing anything. Its disgusting how effective it is too...
$C: That WOULD BE the recovery!
$C: It's very unlikely the Dems take the midterms given *so many Americans' total acceptance and approval of ALL OF THIS*.
$C: So did [Nixon](https://www.cnn.com/2017/07/18/politics/trump-party-base-republicans/index.html):

>Although Watergate eventually swept away Nixon's support, Republican Senators stood against an even stronger current when they supported the initial steps to fully investigate the scandal. The Senate voted unanimously in February 1973 to create the Select Committee on Presidential Campaign Activities -- better known as the Watergate Committee -- led by Democratic chairman Sam Ervin and Republican vice-chairman Howard Baker.

>At that point, **Nixon's approval rating stood at 91% among Republicans** and 65% with the public overall, each better than Trump's standing today. Even when the committee held its first public hearing in May 1973, Nixon in Gallup still drew support from 73% of Republicans, not much less than Trump today, and 44% percent of the public overall, better than Trump now.
$C: I'd like to believe that most people who were registered Democrats during the 2016 elections wisened up after the DNC Primaries and the loss to Trump. Neither party had a candidate that held the American people's true interests at heart, and it was especially evident that the DNC chose the weaker candidate because that candidate supported and defended corporate interests.

The midterms are going to be a very interesting time indeed.
$C: That is going to be fun to watch.
$C: Moral equivalency is irrelevant. Bill Clinton could lie all he wants outside of testifying before congress. Once he takes an oath to tell the truth before a congressional committee he is legally obligated to tell the truth. Failure to do so would be perjury. 

Trump can lie all he wants outside of congressional testimony as well. But once they make him swear and oath to tell the truth before a congressional committee he is legally obligated to tell the truth. If Trump lies under oath I would support impeachment. Until then it is his right and it should always be the right of every president to lie when not under oath. 
$C: I want off this gold-plated express ride to hell, please
$C: Absolutely nailed it, read this in his voice!
$C: Jesus fucking Christ, at what point are we that I almost defended Hitler's public speaking skills against Trump's  
  
This can't be healthy
$C: Except Hitler was an intelligent man and a good public speaker, it was just the rest of him that was a the problem.
$C: We all know he wouldn't be able to resist going for the Huey Long comparison lol
$C: At this point, I honestly wonder if Hitler was really that persuasive and energetic, or if he just easily attracted real pieces of shit. He didn't win the popular vote either iirc.
$C: I totally heard this in Dan Carlin’s voice.
$C: The frustrating part is that Hitler was at least intelligent and charismatic. He made a lot of fuck ups but he had the basic capacity to plan.
$C: I think the closest modern parallel we have is Hugo Chavez in Venezuela.  
$C: *end... quote*
$C: And again and agaaaaaain 
$C: ***"NORTH KOREA BEST NOT MAKE ANY MORE THREATS TO THE UNITED STATES. THEY WILL BE MET WITH FIRE AND FURY LIKE THE WORLD HAS NEVER SEEN"***

^endquote 
$C: I love HH. Do you know what accent this is btw? You don't hear "again" pronounced that way a lot
$C: Now imagine the aliens came down, yes, I know all of you are groaning about the aliens, but entertain me here folks; could you imagine what they would think of us if they came down at this exact moment and we had to try and explain what's going on?  And, it's kind of easy to see why they might think we had gone off the deep end.  You know, Ben and I were talking about this the other day.  We are living in epoch of enormously transformative change, and we have been for a long time. 
$C: I'm glad someone else notices the way he says it.
$C: Not this time lol
$C: And the other is looking up *from* hell cursing us all.
$C: He is, and a much higher ratio of his audience is probably conservatives and Trump supporters than the ratio of any other podcaster or writer whom I follow, which probably explains part of his extreme (to me) amounts of tact when talking about this daily treason.

Common Sense in general has historically been an amazing podcast. I don't want to bias you against a show, that I've spent dozens of hours listening to, from a host who is truly a unique and remarkable person, just because that host is on my personal shit list right now for being Neville Chamberlain right now.
$C: No that is just a large satanic onion.
$C: The actual photo is almost as absurd: https://static01.nyt.com/images/2017/05/23/world/23orb/23orb-jumbo.jpg?quality=90&auto=webp
$C: /r/mapswithoutNZ
$C: Damn can you imagine what fox news would have said if Obama had touched whatever that is. The Palantiri?
$C: He’ll get a movie cameo and then a TV show of his earlier days until the day Spicey left the WH. 
$C: "Fury, I've got the best diamonds. Let me tell you about my diamonds. They're called infinity diamonds, and they're made totally, completely out of gold. They're worth billions."
$C: The ring doesn't object to his finger though...
$C: Still wouldn't matter if the Repubs control Congress. 
$C: [removed]
$C: Which is why my family mostly stays on mute and 300 miles away. 
$C: I’m a white Midwesterner. Most of my family has been removed from my Facebook because they’re racist, trump supporting, knuckle dragging, fuck suckers. 

The good news is they’ve always been shitty so they can go twist on a dicknado. I’m out. 
$C: Man I’m so sorry that really sucks. 
$C: If you stay on Reddit you don't have to see it...
$C: I can do you one better, my parents are Q cultists.
$C: What is a traitor anymore? 

The President who profits from treason?

The political party that profits from their leader?

The corporations that receive welfare at the taxpayers' expense based on the lies of the above?

The media outlets that push authoritarian and treasonous messages to maintain their voice to promote profits in other ventures?

The fascists our families suffocated under and died for only to have their graves pissed on by the GOP and their alt-right offspring?

You?
$C: You want me to fire all the fat people?
$C: Every fiber of my being wants to agree but *they* say these things about us and *we aren't them.* There has to be a better way.
$C: Nah, just wall off Oklahoma and throw them all in there to live out their white, small government, utopian fantasies.
$C: bro lmao you sound like a literally parody of a tankie "forced re-education"
$C: The former, please. All of them to the last man. And on public television. Then we place their heads on pikes so that the next ten generations can look at them and realize that some favours come at too high a price.
$C: I'll just go all in on the odds that that same person raised hell on Facebook for all of Obama's presidency and is completely missing the irony of it all. 
$C: Depends on what you consider great.

All that's been proven so far is that the left said he would basically literally destroy the world and he hasn't. Nothing bad has happened yet, so it's at least "fine."
$C: no it isnt, it's about people arrogantly assuming others are so stupid that they can't possibly comprehend written sarcasm even when incredibly obvious
$C: God Bless Donald J. Trump!

E: oh please do I really need to put the /s
$C: From some quick googling, there were two who resigned before the election - One in Texas and one in Georgia. There were also a lot of electoral college voters who tried or actually did change their vote when the official vote took place, though there were more of them who were supposed to vote Clinton than those who were supposed to vote Trump in this case.

***Resignations:***

[https://www.politico.com/story/2016/11/art-sisneros-texas-electoral-college-resigns-231874](https://www.politico.com/story/2016/11/art-sisneros-texas-electoral-college-resigns-231874)

---

[https://politics.myajc.com/blog/politics/updated-georgia-gop-elector-who-balked-donald-trump-resigns/k0rZ9zsICQFdeje2RFfhCO/](https://politics.myajc.com/blog/politics/updated-georgia-gop-elector-who-balked-donald-trump-resigns/k0rZ9zsICQFdeje2RFfhCO/)

***Vote Defectors and Attempted Defectors:***

[https://www.npr.org/2016/12/19/506188169/donald-trump-poised-to-secure-electoral-college-win-with-few-surprises](https://www.npr.org/2016/12/19/506188169/donald-trump-poised-to-secure-electoral-college-win-with-few-surprises)

***Wikipedia Summary***

[https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Faithless_electors_in_the_United_States_presidential_election,_2016](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Faithless_electors_in_the_United_States_presidential_election,_2016)
$C: The obvious thing you're missing is that this would open the door for the obscenely wealthy to buy a Presidential election just by greasing the hands of a few EC voters in battleground states.
$C: The key difference is trump has this amazing ability to normalize even the most unfathomable thing. Time would only make people numb. I know I’m becoming this way.   
$C: Respectfully disagree. At this point I think we are in a constitutional crisis. I truly thing Trump is America’s biggest threat to America next to Russia and eventually he ll start being blatant with his favors to Putin. 

This is much worse than Nixon and we are running out of time. 
$C: Nixon wasn't impeached. He resigned because he didn't have the votes to avoid impeachment
$C: So how does it benefit the Democrats as well? 
$C: That's incredibly disappointing. Are they just waiting for thur investigation to conclude before attempting it? 
$C: I agree,  as soon as they had hard evidence that the Russian’s meddled there should have been some  law for this type of problem with a reelection as the outcome. 

And of course the obvious, continuing the investigation and arrest all who were involved. 

Edit: to add, the Republican Party should be banned as a whole from future elections. 
$C: Cornpublic. E85 is the fuel of freedom, HFC the syrup of freedom, and GMO's are a national treasure.
$C: Hmm. I'm pretty sure I've seen Americans gather in large numbers before, though. Baseball. Comic-con. Trump's inauguration. Oh, wait ...
$C: I think the biggest (and many people here don't wanna hear it) is because protest isn't gonna change much. In certain situations it can. I'm not claiming all political protest in the US is pointless, but for some it's not gonna change anything. Yelling at your representative til you're blue in the face doesn't mean shit to them if they're a five time reigning congressman in a district they won by 20 points in the last election. Or ran unopposed.
$C: Not a good enough excuse imo everyone in the west works the same hours and still has free time and protesting costs nothing. 
$C: That's a bingo
$C: This. We've had massive protests in the US, most people can't afford to just constantly protest though, especially if our elected officials are going to ignore it anyway. Protests will ultimately still be a fixture, but people are gearing up for a backlash in the midterms now.
$C: We've been conditioned to react this way. Tomorrow, each of us will read through this article and corresponding commentary that pains  all who read it, knowing full well we've been taken. We'll then put our smart phones away as we assume the same position we do every day, at our desks, and in the misery of knowing that a week from now, this will be old news.
$C: We can still vote! Do it this November 6, 2018!! Join the resistance at /r/BlueMidterm2018 
$C: But I'm going to stop government tyranny with my 15 rifles! Now, which of these will bríng down a Predator drone? 
$C: Many people would lose their jobs if they attempted a general strike.  In most states in the US, you can be fired for no reason at all. 
$C: Having been in the us army, you really have no idea of the scope of how bad things would have to get for some sort of coup in the US. The only way I could fathom such an instance is so beyond ridiculous its not worth mentioning.
$C: Look at Vietnam, Afghanistan, Iraq, Syria... You don't need to have superior technology. The country would come to a complete stand still and wreck itself, wouldn't matter how superior the military was. Even with very very little fighting
$C: You're rolling the dice as a government when you order your soldiers to start shooting your own people. The chain of command between the president and the man with the gun is pretty damn long. If anyone in that chain has a major issue with the order, then suddenly you have a coup on your hands.

While it's questionable what the efficacy would be for a "well armed militia" against the US army, it's a safe bet that when the order is given for people to start shooting their neighbors in a deeply divided country that a revolution is inevitable.
$C: To add to this, how can we prevent Russia from interfering with the midterms the same way they did with the presidential election? Will we even be able to make change if Congress and Russia doesn't let us? I fear we are slowly losing democracy and this is the beginning of our new dictatorship.  

Edit: I'm not trying to fear monger, but I genuinely feel there is no reason this shouldn't be seen as at least feasible. 
$C: And that's why the dems will be elected to office. 
$C: I'm angry enough, but I'm also too poor to do anything about it. I couldn't afford to take the time off from work or the gas to get to DC to protest. I'd love to though
$C: Republicans have forced government shutdowns for the stupidest things in the past few years, I'd wager they would also try to sit out massive protests.
$C: The Russians' ability to tamper is limited. They can't outright fake election results; mostly they operate by propaganda and scandal.

For example, Russian-linked social media accounts posed as leftists and helped to cultivate the Hillary vs Bernie argument, to hurt the voter turnout for whichever one won the candidacy. It's hard to say how successful they were, since the argument already emerged naturally on its own, and the Russians just rode the wave.

I'm optimistic. I think the sheer degree of horror that the left and centre has at the moment will overwhelm what the tamperers are capable of, at least for this midterm.
$C: [removed]
$C: The entire Republican leadership is obviously compromised. We need Democrats in charge right now. 
$C: At this point, it's safe to assume if they have an R next to their name, they don't have enough of a spine to stand up to the Trump regime.
$C: You must be a Russian stooge if you think that not voting is the answer.
$C: There's another way. It involves the 2nd ammendment.
$C: > There's the 2018 midterms.

In the unlikely event that every single senate seat up for re-election in November goes to a Democrat, that will give them a 58-42 majority.

A successful impeachment requires 67 votes.

This means that, even in this absolute best-case-scenario, they  would *still* need not one, not two, but **nine** Republican Senators to spontaneously grow a conscience. Given what you've seen over the last couple years, how likely does that seem?
$C: "Never" becomes dangerous.  If we let Dems run unchecked for decades they will become just as corrupt.  Absolute power corrupts absolutely.  I agree we need to remove all current GOP members and continue until they reform.  But a healthy balance keeping both sides in check it ideal.
$C: What terrible logic
$C: Republican house members are like....ok back to peter strzok's text messages. rah rah benghazi, corrupt fbi. These guys don't surprise me anymore. It's not like ALLLL of them are kompromised right?
$C: Not impossible at all actually! I can think of a few ways 
$C: I think they're operating under the assumption that he did. That's probably why we're seeing this story now. Source given as

> According to nearly a dozen people who either attended the meeting with the president-elect or were later briefed on it
$C: There are four boxes to be employed in the defense of liberty, in order: the soap box, the ballot box, the jury box, and the ammunition box.

Mueller's not done yet.

As long as decent men still stand to fight, Putin won't have it easy.
$C: I truly hope so.  Those were my muddled 2am thoughts. 

What I fear, as a non-American, is watching your great country tear itself apart.  One thing is clear:  Donald Trump is guilty of \*something\*.  It may be treason, it may be as simple as tax evasion or many other things.  But something stinks to high heaven and that has been clear for a long time, and is only getting clearer.  


So what I fear is this:  Trump has, in dictator-fashion, belittled and undermined the press.  He has encouraged a large amount of America to believe that he is always right, always truthful, that anything against him is lies, slander, fake, or conspiracy. 

I worry that if charges are laid there are millions who will, perhaps violently, protest against this; regardless of what actually comes out as evidence.  

Even if it falls short of violence, I believe whatever the end of his presidency may be, it will leave America torn and divided for many years to come.  The damage he has done is lasting, particularly in encouraging a world where anything can be true if you claim it is so.
$C: Yes, but at that point I imagine he'd prefer that outcome vs. being put in prison (or whatever else the sentence for treason might happen to be).
$C: We can hope. When does lying become a criminal offense? Only in court ?
$C: > ya boi.

Here you go: https://www.npr.org/2018/04/01/598695826/despite-soft-rhetoric-trump-administration-draws-hard-line-on-russia

why don't you read this and educate yourself so you'll stop saying idiotic things and using stupid made up terms in a serious discussion like "boi".  Maybe try acting like an adult and think for yourself.
$C: Um Trump is obviously tougher than Obama, therefore his treason is fine.

Wait no
$C: Explain why it IS a threat to our nation?  Our own intelligence agencies have already said they meddled, this has all been known for a long time, well over a year, publicly.  International propaganda campaigns to influence a nation's politics is happening all over the place, and we do it as well.  Does it impact voters' minds?  I think our country is so polarized it didn't matter in this election.  In fact, what was TRUE about the content of the Podesta emails and the Hillary private server, the information that was made public concerning those issues...those were greater threats to the nation. 

The true issue is if Trump conspired with Russia as part of his campaign.  There is no new news on that front, and still no evidence that this has happened. 

I don't get the current outrage over some press conference with Putin standing there.  What was he supposed to do?  Challenge Putin to a cage match right there on the stage?  He gave a diplomatic answer to a question in a diplomatic setting.  It's pretty clear Trump has been more a thorn in Putin's side than Obama was.  Obama rolled over on Crimea, on Syria, and told Medvedev he'd "have more flexibility" after his re-election.  Trump has ordered military attacks on Russian interests in Syria, has supported defense interests in north eastern Europe in direct opposition to Putin.  NPR has discussed how Trump has been tougher on Russia than Obama, despite his rhetoric.  I'm much more interested in what Trump does than what he says in press conferences. 

Now, can you tell me why do you feel this is any more of a threat to our nation than any of our past elections...this has been going on a long time, you know, and this isn't the first election foreign interests have tried to influence our elections.
$C: LOL, talk about propaganda.  You said Trump was reportedly furious that the U.S. expelled 60 Russian diplomats.  That's hilarious.  It was Trump's DECISION to expel them. That DOES NOT HAPPEN without Trump's endorsement.  Everyone knows that Trump is advised by his team.  But expelling Russian diplomats...that's got to be ok'd by the Pres.  I checked your link...it says Trump REPORTEDLY did not like how the media portrayed him with respect to Russia after the expulsion.  It did NOT say he was furious about expelling the diplomats.  And that's if you believe that specific reporter.  American journalism today puts Industrial Era American sensationalism to shame.  And let's get this straight...The United States is selling weapons to Ukraine on Trump's ok.  Obama did not and would not do that.  You can try to soften it or talk about whispers in private settings that Trump tried soften it...but he did it.  Under Obama, no weapon sales to Ukraine; under Trump, weapon sales to Ukraine.  Period.  You get all bent out of shape about things that Trump says in interviews and the like.  I don't.  I know he's not very intelligent and he's just an egomaniac he thinks whatever he says is brilliant and the bullshit just flows out of him.  The only thing I care about is what he DOES, not what he says.  I'm interested in how his leadership sets policy, not what he said in a press conference, where, at times, he has a prudent obligation to not exactly tell the whole truth.

Here is what Trump has actually DONE: 

Killed over 100 Russian mercenaries in Syria (and other strikes in Syria, Trump has been much tougher there where Obama basically allowed Russian carte blanche in Syria, and didn't do shit about Benghazi in retribution except lie to Americans because it was before an election and hurt him politically).
Ripped up agreement with Iran (Russian ally, Putin wasn't happy about that)
Berating NATO to ramp up defense spending (Russia is the biggest threat to NATO-countries)
Imposed serious sanctions against Russia.
Trump approved sale of weapons to Ukraine (Obama would not)
Trump expelled 60 Russian diplomats after nerve agent attack in U.K., the most of any nation.

There was a time during the Trump campaign where Trump was asked how he is going to be able to negotiate with people who had said terrible things about him, who clearly do not like him...he said he knows how to negotiate, you got to "get them in the room, hug 'em, kiss 'em," etc.  When Trump says all this stuff about Russia and when he says a lot of stuff about other people and issues, he IS BLOWING SMOKE UP THEIR ASS.  It's not for you, it's not for the press, IT'S FOR THEM.  This should be obvious.

Again, you can have your "reports said he wasn't happy about this or that," or, "he said this."  I'm concerned with what he DOES, the actual policy under his leadership.  And he's been much tougher on Putin, his supposed best buddy and supposed collusion partner, than Obama was, who was a door mat to Putin.   A complete and total door mat.  If Trump was so in love with Putin and Russia, why not just continue Obama-era policy?  It's because the media wants you to think one thing, and reality is different.  

And as far as Article 5...again...what Trump says and what he does are two different things.  Do you think Trump showing reticence for honoring Article 5 while he is trying to convince the other NATO countries to increase their own burden in defense has a positive or negative effect on those countries in pulling their weight when it comes to defense?  Think about it.  Once again...those comments aren't for you...they are for NATO countries who have taken advantage of the United States' charity for too long.
$C: I fucking love you, tacklebox.
$C: There's a sub dedicated to him? Fuck yeah. Thanks for this.
$C: That woman is a god damned saint 

Edit: I assumed her gender 0.0
$C: >/r/ShitPoppinKreamSays

Hahahaha, that’s awesome. I hope more single-user subreddits take this format. 
$C: Who is /u/poppinkream? I've seen some major knowledge bombs dropped on here by them. Is he/she a modern day Deep Throat?
$C: [deleted]
$C: Couldn’t have come up with a better sub name?
$C: Who the duck is this person, anyway? Every time they post they drop a ducking encyclopedia, with sources that encompass both the left and right sides of news journalism. They are a ducking saint!
$C: I did and you now have another reader. Please keep it up. Thanks!
$C: Subbed!
$C: In sailing, it’s typically the foremost sail, in front of the mainsail on a sloop.  The jib is trimmed to the wind to maximize speed and direction.  A luffing jib (sorta saggy not wind filled) is a sad state for a boat. 
$C: ~~A type of sail, I believe.~~
Promote that man!

Edited to preserve optimal memetic levels.
$C: Or *been saying it wrong this whole time, this whole time?
$C: Autocorrect.
$C: Jib is a sailor term. Not sure if job fits at all, let alone a superior description.
$C: Dropped the O, homie. 
$C: I’m not a gambler, but I’m willing to bet that the over reaching conclusions seen here on reddit with posts like this on subreddits like this, can be directly attributed to the speaker-audience dynamic.  Whereby, the speaker speaks most about that which the audience reacts to the most. (Naturally and eventually, Information producer produces the information that gets the best response). And you can all guess the type of bubbles this naturally leads to. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: He probably just looked like his ugly ass self
$C: Not sure it is.
$C: Well that and all the money he got from his dad and 'donors' 
$C: Second comment on youtube:

Chancellor Palpatine
2 years ago

Putin: Hey, wanna hear a joke?

Obama: Sure...

Putin: Ukraine...

Obama: hehehehe﻿ 
$C: Undoubtedly he is. Doesn't mean Trump was unaware of the bargain.
$C: Of course, and what they want is to keep their stooge in office, which only happens if the Republicans keep their majority in Congress. 

They want us to feel hopeless! Don't give in! Just vote!
$C: Why did they buy voting machines From Russian companies?
$C: Considering just how close the election was ([~75k votes across PA, WI, and MI for probably the closest](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_presidential_election,_2016#Results_by_state)), definitely. There's a good chance the DNC breach swayed enough people to cost her the election.
$C: > then making anyone else at the scene swear not to report it.
$C: Unless he can’t read, which very well may be true.  
$C: Part of the strategy is flooding the news with so much crap, the media/public moves on to the next crap instead of zeroing in on the important stuff.
$C: This. 100%
$C: The Russians have been in active cyberwarfare with the US for years now. They are currently attacking our critical infrastructure and trying to take it down day in and day out. I would say Trump has been aiding and abetting the enemy and should be tried for treason. This in 2018, war has changed a bit.
$C: That's not true at all. There's nothing that says we have to be at war to charge somebody with treason. The conditions in the constitution for charging somebody with treason are 

> levying War against them, or in adhering to their Enemies, giving them Aid and Comfort.

Adhering to our enemies means that what Trump is doing could be considered treasonous if his knowledge and participation is deep enough. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: [Nope, we hung the Rosenbergs and not only was there no declaration of war but Russia had technically been an ally when he was recruited.](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Julius_and_Ethel_Rosenberg)
$C: People in other threads say that is technically not true. I hope that they are right. 
$C: The Supreme Court decision US v Mitchell (1795) firmly establishes election interference as an act of war. POTUS denying this act in the face of US intelligence is textbook treason. 18 USC 2381 states:

Whoever, owing allegiance to the United States, levies war against them or adheres to their enemies, giving them aid and comfort within the United States or elsewhere, is guilty of treason and shall suffer death, or shall be imprisoned not less than five years and fined under this title but not less than $10,000;  and shall be incapable of holding any office under the United States.
$C: Why is he destroying our relationship with all of our known allies, and only siding with Russia?

Clearly it's not about "needing friends", since the rest don't matter.
$C: How so? 
$C: For anyone dropping by, this is a T_D troll. You cannot bargain with it, you cannot reason with it, and it will absolutely not stop until you give up in frustration.

https://atomiks.github.io/reddit-user-analyser/#needsmoretrump
$C: I will honestly change my stance on this issue if you can tell me why Trump literally attacks everyone-- from our allies like Canada and the UK ("threat to national security") and France, our enemies like China and North Korea, all the way down to individual senators, congressmen, and even individual citizens, but HAS NEVER SAID anything bad about Russia or Putin?

How the fuck is that possible? Our president is getting in Twitter battles with actors, and musicians? But cant say one thing bad about Russia...who has committed numerous blatant crimes on the world stage?

Just HOW is it possible he has nothing to say about them? Please, tell me how you have justified that in your head. 

I'm actually not a liberal. I really want to give this guy a chance, because I would like nothing better than him to make this country great. 

But for me to reconcile this, you have to tell me how you can justify this point in bringing up. It's a glaring hole. 
$C: Never at the cost of alienating and marginalizing our allies, like literally all of Europe, in the process. 
$C: > Exactly so why not try to improve it

suuuuure but first we need to repremand them for all the shit, such as killing citizens in Nations with which we are MORE so allied, shooting down the MH17 flight, annexation of Crimea, hacking our election, etc.
$C: We don’t influence every election, of course. But you are aware of [this](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_involvement_in_regime_change), right?

I’m not a trump supporter and I am not okay with Russia meddling. Just trying to educate.
$C: [removed]
$C: If you think it's pointless to speculate, why are you trying to speculatively say this isn't a big deal, then?
$C: Right which is why there's no comparison here.
$C: You're right, they don't matter. Windows 10 phone here.
$C: Have you seen our "POLICE" they look like the military of any other world power. If you count all the police in the US it's something like the 5th largest army on earth.  


Edit: NYPD alone is the [7th largest armed force]( https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.salon.com/amp/nine_terrifying_facts_about_americas_biggest_police_force) in the world     
$C: Well in America in many places you need to get a Permit to protest, I know, fucking backwards right? Not only that, but there are places that they will not allow protests or the protesters will be arrested and charged/jailed- places like the White House.

I do think you are right, that something like that NEEDS to happen in order to enact change, the problem comes from us being such a spread out country (Massive amounts of the population live thousands of miles from the white house) and the fact that many of us have jobs/families to look after. Our whole lives could be ruined by being arrested and charged for such a thing, and our government would be happy to do it.
$C: > The [R]'s sold their soul to get this asshole to be president

Lol, no, no they did not.

They had no soul LONG before the trump campaign.

The last GOP administration tried to argue for torture, indefinite/secret prison without trial, and so many other rights abuses.

They lied to not only the american public, but to the senate and house.  They started an unjust, illegal, and immoral war based on those lies.

They used people's fear, hate, and bigotry to get Bush II elected by attacking homosexuals.  Then, their corrupt supreme court justices stole the election.

The GOP has never had a soul during my lifetime.  They've been nothing but propaganda spewing, hateful, bigoted, lying cunts for at least 30 years.
$C: Yeah that will never happen unless the good ol' GOP starts wanting rights for anyone that isnt a rich white male.

Im in school that the moment, if things keep going this way I am seriously considering emigrating to a different country.

I know I should stay and fight the good fight, but I have no desire to spend half my life watching things burn because of some assholes.
$C: From what I can see, both sides will never agree, the technology to disrupt cooperation and keep the dumbdumbs dumb is too prevalent. Only one side quickly and violently purging the other side and then turning on the the ones behind this bullshit will see an end to it. 

Buuuuuut people are too pussy these days to handle anything like that so mreh, just expatriate to a better country and watch this sinking ship go down in flames from a safe distance in the embrace of a much more sensible community.
$C: Uh if you think money from the common American that keeps the political machine turning, boy do I have a surprise for you.
$C: Too bad like you said, unions are pretty much dead.

Also im a poor as fuck student without any capital to throw around.
$C: And how many anti-Trump protesters are gun owners, I wonder? 
$C: She won because of a ridiculously low voter turnout. If Joe Crowley remains on the ballot she'll probably lose the election
$C: And what did the Women's March do except make us feel good for a few days?
$C: Those protests you mentioned did not have mass media and the internet behind them.


 You are asking people to litterally lose thier jobs and end up in jail while  potentially letting their children/family starve?

All for the CHANCE the protests results I'm change?
$C: Its laughable to think that people armed with guns would even have a remote chance against a modern military.
$C: Should be. But it isn’t. Keep in mind it’s a huge country- I’d personally have to fly thousands of miles to protest outside the White House and it isn’t easy. It would need to start locally and spread. 
$C: Oh I agree. There’s the tariffs are gonna be a gigantic and preventable. What little industry we have will be stifled. That’s why they are consider d passing farm aid so their voter block doesn’t feel the effects of China canceling orders for crops from American farmers. They stopped payments to health insurers and cut the individual mandate, but most people didn’t notice and won’t until it comes time for enrollment next year when their premiums double. That will give politicians two years for voters to forget again. If only 60% of us can even manage to be bothered to vote during a national presidential election, it says something about how uneducated and disinterested our population has become. What a sad state we’ve fallen into.  
$C: Can you give some examples?
$C: I definitely agree, just stating why I think it won't happen though.
$C: And likewise, I side with the left on some issues. Despite political parties, at the end of the day we’re all Americans and I wish more people realized that. Thank you for being level-headed and decent. 
$C: >The difference between the American military and the guns hypothetically being confiscated is not Tanks vs Guns. It's not even close.

People keep saying this, but i've yet to see the American military "at its full power" used on anyone, and to automatically assume they'd decide to do so just for a home war when they haven't otherwise would be ridiculous.

I have little confidence in non-violent revolution as far as it concerns the US. Too many people will simply bitch on social media as their rights and privileges are taken from them until they have literally nothing. Then they'll wake up one day and realize "hey when did this happen, this is 'murica?!" and won't have the means to do anything about it.
$C: Yup and that’s very intentional.
$C: I don't really have a problem with how Bernie campaigned. My issue is with how some of his more "spirited" supporters poisoned the well against Hillary by echoing every right-wing talking point and conspiracy theory from the last 20 years. Their strategy was to undermine Hillary at all costs regardless of the consequences. Even now, some on the left point to the supposed rigging of the primary against Bernie. Aside from being blatantly false, this kind of rhetoric undermined our ability to defeat Trump in 2016, and it will going forward.

$C: Wait... what hacking are you talking about? There is literally zero evidence that the votes were hacked by anyone.

Also... You're in love with a guy who only complains about millionaires and billionaires, and yet... he's a fucking millionaire... 
$C: [removed]
$C: Sorry, I was referring to the part about the lack of evidence surrounding the DNC rigging it against Bernie. Hadn't read anything about it
$C: I absolutely respect your clarification and viewpoint. And you're right, more often then not the outsider will lose in our system. A great attempt was made to shake up the failing system. Which we can take as a win. It's needed at this juncture, on both sides. 

I appreciate you pointing out my reckless wording. I didn't intend to spread unsupported ideology. I had read a few articles during the heat of everything that have clearly impacted me since, and I will seek out more recent information now.

Regardless where you stand, thank you for encouraging discussion one way or the other.
$C: but the dnc did "rig the election" for Clinton
$C: [deleted]
$C: The DNC rigged the primary to favor Clinton. Anyone who agrees that they had, "fingers on the scale" yet didn't rig it needs to have their head examined. It's a euphemism for cheated and rigged. Just as delusional as Trump supporters. I voted for Obama so don't hammer back about how I'm Russian. For fucks sake, her own Campaign head came forward and told us it was rigged. Donna Brazille was your hero until she turned on Clinton. You loved her and supported all of her lies supporting Clinton. Now, let me guess, she's just a Russian agent? 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Political_Revolution/comments/7abg2s/hillary_clinton_robbed_bernie_sanders_of_the/


$C: Imagine that there really was nothing incriminating in those emails. Stop acting like that was the case. They revealed a culture of corruption that is unacceptable. You should be ashamed for still hammering good people like this. 
$C: I can remember reading that DNC pulled Sanders’ access to Democratic voter rolls. DNC also allowed Clinton to control donations to the DNC (which are distinct from donations to a specific candidate). The Clinton campaign then used these funds to their advantage before Hilary won the nomination. I believe this was in the Donna Brazile book.
$C: Fuck yes we can blame the DNC for sabotaging his campaign, they collected money from people assuming the funds would go to the entire range of candidates running as Democrats. Obviously, that was not the case and they defrauded US citizens for immeasurable sums of money. 
https://www.counterpunch.org/2016/04/01/how-hillary-clinton-bought-the-loyalty-of-33-state-democratic-parties/
$C: >He would've lost even if the dnc rigged it FOR him, and then he would've lost to Trump anyway.

Wait what? Bernie had the highest favorability compared to other politicians including Hillary and Trump, according to surveys done back then.
$C: Sanders 2020. Now that Hillary Clinton is finally off our backs, I assume we will win many down ballot seats as well. Contrast that to 2016, when the Hillary for Victory fund laundered vast sums of money, neglecting candidates running for lower seats. https://www.counterpunch.org/2016/04/01/how-hillary-clinton-bought-the-loyalty-of-33-state-democratic-parties/

Those people are fucking disgusting and I cannot wait for these heartless corporate lackeys to go away and register as the Republicans that they are. 
$C: So long as "Hillary or bust" voters refuse to acknowledge the DNC straight rigged the 2016 primary, we won't win. Arm yourself with intellectual self-defenses so you can tell when the "liberal" media is lying to you. 
$C: Why not instead of trying to just completely discredit and dismiss a large bloc of voters that the Dems will need to win back the House and Senate, try to have some compassion. A) The Russians are using those talking points too and hammering away at the "rigged" rhetoric. B) most of us don't believe it was actually rigged, just that the party 100% did work with the media to coalesce talking points throughout the campaign repetitively hammering home from the beginning to the every day voter Bernie never had a chance. Constant discussion of why doesn't he just  concede and let the party align behind her. It's her turn. That happened. No it wasn't rigged, but you're not helping by acting like those things don't nake a difference. Did that rhetoric have a notable impact on turnout or results? I don't know, maybe, maybe not. I don't personally give shit anymore.

Which brings me to my second point. Yeah, I 100% agree with you that it's time to let that shit go. Like I said though, try to understand that the Russians are actively working our side as well. Rigged this, rigged that, no it wasn't rigged, but now you're so sick and tired of hearing about it being rigged the assumption is made that actual Bernie voters, or a significant portion of them, believe that to be the case. Then you make declarative, ostracizing statements that really don't do anything to invite frustrated voters who may not be as politically motivated as we are, just casually browsing reddit trying to inform themselves of what's happening, in. 

Yes, we need to let the primaries go. Yes, the Democratic party is the way forward. Yes, those taking points are damaging and to a degree misguided, but so are yours. Have your wits about you, don't be so dismissive. Every vote counts. 
$C: I understand your perspective, the "forgotten people" you speak of are old-world thinkers that are against adopting new ways of thinking. They are the coal workers that believe in the prioritization of their industry, even when provided evidence that coal negatively impacts their environment. Those people are not willing to see another way of life, even if their own life is smacking them across the face, and they will die before giving that up. With people that far down the rabbit hole, there's a slim chance you can bring them back. Only other option is to wait for them to die out while educating their youth and let them decide independently.
$C: got 'em
$C: No problems, at least I contributed!
$C: I'm trying to make sure you understand the clarification, because I'm not sure you do. A perjury trap has nothing to do with any lie itself, and everything to do with the evidence you have against a person before you start questioning them under oath. Even if an interview is a perjury trap, they can't charge you with perjury for misremembering something. They still need to prove you know the truth and are willfully lying to them.

Hypothetical Scenario: Under oath as part of a perjury trap, I say that I had lunch with my wife on a specific day. Prosecutors get evidence that I did not have lunch with her that day.

Not perjury: We had plans but something came up that forced us to cancel and I forgot about it.

Perjury: No such plans existed. I was actually doing something else that I don't want the people questioning me to know about, so I lied and said that I had lunch with my wife instead.
$C: Well it is pretty stupid that lying directly in front of an investigator is a crime worth of jail by itself, but lying in front of a large public is not.
$C: I'm not commenting about Clinton.  I know that he lied under oath, and that by itself is a crime and that's why he got impeached.

He didn't get impeached because he did something bad, he got impeached because he lied about it.   And imo this is stupid.  Replace the blowjob by drinking a beer.  "Did you drink a beer yesterday?" , "No I did not", "You're lying, jail for you". 

What I'm saying is that it's idiot that a lie is a crime but only if done in front of an investigator or under oath, otherwise it is not.  It's like saying that burglary is illegal only if done in front of policemen, otherwise it's fine. 
$C: And a systematic dismantling of the civil rights won by the LGBT community in the years prior.
$C: You also can't forget about the very recent mosque burning that happened in Texas by a Caucasian teenager.
$C: Sure it's not moral but we dont have a responsibility to protect non citizens. Non citizens do not receive the benefits of the bill of rights without becoming citizens. 
$C: Yeah, the new white guilt is knowing so many of us are still openly or closeted racists. 
$C: You can bear that burden if you want mate, but I’ll be fighting on the other side, or at least making it clear that I’m not feeling guilty for something I’m not guilty of.
$C: So cops are on a rampage shooting people for no reason? So disingenuous. 
$C: Right, Alabama will vote for a democrat
$C: lol i unironicly actually own a bridge that gets a considerable amount of traffic, depending on how you define "considerable"
$C: Me too. Me. Too.
$C: What, literally? 
$C: Are you afraid that your guns might get taken away?
$C: I believe I read he's a Canadian grad student. If that's true, I hope he's using all the research he's done for some kind of thesis. 
$C: I was wondering the same thing! What does she do for a living to keep up with it all! 
$C: Go deeper. Who do you think funds this?
$C: All the good posts are archived on /r/shitPoppinKREAMsays for easy reading and despair regarding the current political climate
$C: r/shitpoppinkreamsays
$C: /r/ShitPoppinKreamSays 
$C: [deleted]
$C: Oh, God. Is he involved *too*?
$C: [deleted]
$C: When your president is so corrupt, it takes 3 posts to cite the known offenses.
$C: They're just collecting the currently available stories in the media and archives. By the time it arrives there it has already gone through the FBI and other intelligence services. I've heard that Mueller is six months ahead of where we are. PoppinKREAM is simply collecting the available material and making it understandable for the rest of us. They are also raising the bar for other posters - I've noticed that others are carefuy footnoting their posts as well.
$C: Source Continue


8 https://www.cnn.com/2018/06/02/politics/trump-lawyers-statement-trump-tower-russians/index.html


9 https://ktla.com/2017/09/25/white-house-justice-dept-stonewall-capitol-hill-over-records-in-russia-probe/

10 https://www.cnn.com/2017/09/25/politics/white-house-congress-russia-investigation/index.html

11 https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/2017/live-updates/trump-white-house/sessions-to-testify-before-senate-intelligence-committee/sessions-asserts-possibility-of-executive-privilege-protecting-his-talks-with-president-trump/?utm_term=.fbc3dbfe4d9f

12 https://www.usnews.com/news/politics/articles/2018-01-17/house-panel-subpoenas-bannon-in-russia-probe-showdown

13 https://foreignpolicy.com/2018/01/18/trump-ordered-bannon-to-limit-testimony/ 

14 https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/gop-congressman-coordinated-white-house-russia-memo-democratic/story?id=52818825

15 https://www.cnn.com/2018/02/14/politics/bannon-contempt-hearing/index.html

16 http://time.com/5304206/donald-trump-discredit-mueller-investigation/

17 http://time.com/5290531/donald-trump-robert-mueller-russia-investigation-arguments/

18 https://www.usnews.com/opinion/thomas-jefferson-street/articles/2018-02-26/gop-refuses-to-follow-donald-trumps-money-in-the-russia-investigation

19 https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/onpolitics/2018/03/18/trump-pushed-white-house-staff-sign-non-disclosure-agreements-report/436778002/

20 https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/2018/03/12/did-130-000-payment-stormy-daniels-break-law/417111002/

21 https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2018/02/how-joe-arpaio-inspired-the-immigration-crackdown/554027/

22 https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-05-20/informant-inside-trump-team-would-have-crossed-line-nunes-says

23 http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/nationworld/politics/ct-giuliani-trump-russia-investigation-20180525-story.html

24 https://themoscowproject.org/dispatch/flynn-ousted-white-house-trumps-lawyer-go-nuclear-morning/

25 https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-04-20/comey-memos-offer-account-of-private-conversations-with-trump

26 http://thehill.com/policy/international/397150-russian-foreign-ministry-replies-to-trump-tweet-blaming-witch-hunt-for

27 https://www.cnn.com/2018/06/20/politics/russian-dirt-meetings/index.html)

28 https://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-44852812

29 https://www.cnn.com/2018/06/06/politics/donald-trump-alice-johnson-pardon/index.html)

30 https://www.newsweek.com/trump-pardon-signal-mueller-powers-953355

31 https://www.usnews.com/news/world/articles/2018-07-18/asked-if-russia-still-targeting-us-trump-says-no

32 https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/2018/02/13/intelligence-director-coats-says-u-s-under-attack-putin-targeting-2018-elections/332566002/

33 https://www.thedailybeast.com/trumps-missing-dnc-server-is-neither-missing-nor-a-server

34 http://thehill.com/hilltv/rising/397266-swalwell-says-trump-is-slowing-end-of-russia-probe-with-refusal-to-testify

35 https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/mueller-has-waited-long-enough-its-subpoena-time/2018/06/04/01330048-6804-11e8-9e38-24e693b38637_story.html?utm_term=.afc782e5caf7

36 https://www.cnbc.com/2018/07/19/trump-saw-evidence-putin-ordered-election-swayed-in-early-2017-report.html

37 https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/819164172781060096?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw

38 https://www.yahoo.com/news/trump-administrations-secret-efforts-ease-russia-sanctions-fell-short-231301145.html

39 https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/831837514226921472

40 https://talkingpointsmemo.com/livewire/trump-rips-enemy-people-war-russia

41 http://thehill.com/policy/international/397835-clapper-intelligence-officials-showed-trump-proof-that-putin-was

42 http://nymag.com/daily/intelligencer/2018/07/trump-russia-is-a-friend-journalists-are-the-enemy.html

43 https://www.economist.com/united-states/2018/07/21/donald-trumps-defensiveness-about-russian-hacking-is-revealing

44 https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/18/1030
$C: Your best bet is to present it as an eight second puppet show. The bright colors will extend the average trump worshipper's attention span by 40%.
$C: Haha sorry for so much information, the bolded parts are the tl;dr. If I were to write complete tl;drs I would not have enough characters to provide sources for each claim. 
$C: Roger Stone has admitted his relationship with Wikileaks, and screenshots of their messages have been supplied to the senate committee. 

https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2018/02/roger-stones-secret-messages-with-wikileaks/554432/

So nice try. 

(why even try to help traitors though?)
$C: Wikileaks denying it is up there with “Putin said he didn’t so I believe him”.
$C: Your whole response hinges on if you can take Wikileaks’ statements at face value. As they are clearly compromised, you cannot, and thus all your points amount to nothing.

https://foreignpolicy.com/2017/08/17/wikileaks-turned-down-leaks-on-russian-government-during-u-s-presidential-campaign/

As sourced from PK’s third post, second bold. To be frank, had you read his stuff clearly and not just to find something to cherry pick you thought you could break down, we wouldn’t be here seeing your work undone. 
$C: Wikileaks also do not publish everything they receive. This alone, regardless of their accuracy, leaves them exposed to fair criticism of bias and agenda.
$C: Thanks you're right. It's pay walled though 
$C: He was also being paid by Turkey and did not register as a foreign agent. (Flynn)
$C: Seems like a guy that'd choose that username.
$C: Its a lie you gullible rube:[http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2018/jul/16/vladimir-putin/putins-pants-fire-claim-about-400-million-donation/](http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2018/jul/16/vladimir-putin/putins-pants-fire-claim-about-400-million-donation/)

Its literal propaganda straight from Putins mouth:[https://theintercept.com/2018/07/18/putin-says-misspoke-withdrawing-claim-clinton-got-millions-stolen-russia/](https://theintercept.com/2018/07/18/putin-says-misspoke-withdrawing-claim-clinton-got-millions-stolen-russia/)

The fact that you are a willing pawn in disseminating Russian propaganda is pitiful. Oh but of course, you're a regular over at /r/the_dipshits, undermining America is part and parcel of your belief system. 
$C: I don’t know what point you’re trying to make, but I’m neither PK or the guy I replied to.
$C: Well I guess I meant thoughtful comparatively, but also I'm not sure what you're trying to say. Can you give an example? 
$C: He can probably do it for you, government funded, if you say you like to diddle another man. 
$C: Tell your woman I will step in and take care of it so that you may be a man and honor your commitment to reddit.
$C: Good news! Castration is not cutting your penis off but your testicles. As for kids, you can freeze some sperm now or consider adoption.
$C: Castration removes the testicles, but good point. 
$C: You don't HAVE to be the biological father of her children....
$C: [deleted]
$C: Remindme! 69 days
$C: > Edit

but... your comment was never edited. You lie! Someone get me my pitchfork!
$C: [deleted]
$C: Impeach him and you’re just paving the way for an even Trumpier Trump.  
$C: in what ways
$C: I have no knowledge of how electoral law works in the states, but surely there must be a fresh election if it is proved that Trump got in power undemocratically?
$C: Except I haven't heard one shred of evidence connecting anyone outside of Trump's campaign and cabinet to anything related to Russia....
$C: > Pence won’t be there either. Nor will Paul Ryan or McConnell. Every last one participated in this criminal coup, this theft of our election from America. They are traitors of the highest order. New elections stat.

How exactly do you think that is going to work? The armed half of the country thinks *your side* are the traitors.
$C: I'm sorry but it's easy to say that when you can't get pregnant. Pence fuckin terrifies me because he has a MUCH better shot at a second term, and with the SCOTUS at their current ages, that could be devastating for women's rights, LGBTQ rights, and worker's rights
$C: If a VP manages to have a non-quiet week, things are very, very odd.
$C: Yes, the only thing that Pence is abusive to are homosexuals, women and non-Judeo-Christians.. you know, traditional Republican Family Values.

Sorry folks, but sometimes you're between a rock and a gay-hating place..
$C: Daily*
$C: Remember that time Pence was sent as Trump's lackey to a Colts game so he could put on a public display by leaving the game after some players took a knee during the anthem and wasted hundreds of thousands of taxpayer dollars in travel just to do it? Remember? The guy is a trump stooge sitting idly by and letting the president commit treason on TV without a single word. He's complicit. He should be gone too.
$C: Get him out now, then let Mueller take care of him. Better chance of ending up in prison that way.
$C: I really want to agree with you, but that sort of behavior would imply these people have a sense of shame or at least fear of retribution. The system has been sufficiently modified to allow them to continuously get away with their actions.
$C: This comment may not age well...
$C: You forget creating that debt in a time of economic growth, not recession, aka the exact opposite of what you're supposed to do
$C: [deleted]
$C: Democrats are suddenly the fiscal conservatives LOL
$C: Yay a fair response. I wasn't expecting anything level-headed at all I was just in here stirring the pot out of curiosity. Sorry for that lmao. The lure of the internet gets me sometimes...
$C: Fascism vs Democracy - What's The Difference? - Political Comparison

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=OLMubDyV63w
$C: https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.vox.com/platform/amp/policy-and-politics/2016/11/7/13512960/donald-trump-plato-democracy-tyranny-fascism-2016-elections
$C: russian shoes.
$C: Hate to be that guy, but I can't resist in this instance.

It's "Hear, hear!" as in "Hear what this person is saying".
$C: Reopen Alcatraz? Or perhaps Elba.
$C: haha rape jokes are funny when they involve trump right guys 
$C: Eh, I don't know. He'll immediately receive the support of Trump's sheep for pardoning him, and receive a lot of the never-Trump Repub votes. I wouldn't call it an obvious 2020 loss. I don't see Pence winning *without* pardoning Trump. We still would need to be vigilant and energized.

You have to consider what the Trumpers will do after he is impeached/resigns. They're not gonna suddenly come to their senses. 
$C: God some of you people are fucking slow. I never said Trump should or even could be impeached for it. He can't be by the way. 
This aspect of it isn't a legal question it's a moral question. It's now proven he knew about it and straight up lied about it over and over for almost 2 years. 
Oh amd that surveillance thing was investigated by the FBI (after Trump promoted the new head of the FBI himself) and they found no evidence it ever actually happened. Trump also never produced ANY evidence of it.
$C: > He’s not going to fire Pompeo Mattis or Bolton.

Are you not aware of how many people have come and gone in this white house? Do all the newspapers you read have dates marked 2016?
$C: Does the president get a say in congress? If not, does that mean that if 3 republicans vote the other way, impeachment could start? Also, what does it take to start impeachment? Thanks for answering my flood of questions if it doesn’t inconvenience you. 
$C: Are you saying that impeachment proceedings could have begun long ago on so many occasions, but because of Republicans backing Trump and always voting his way the call for action always gets snuffed out? 
$C: You're arguing a bunch of things as a single point when they're not.

The Americans can be surprised about the fact that their democracy is being fucked with. That reaction is not dependent on previous American gov't actions in foreign countries. 

And you've presented nothing really to suggest this sanctimonious attitude beyond cursory understanding of global politics. 
$C: Like I said, you keep saying you aren't saying it's right and then set up a justification.
$C: Whatever you say, dear. 
$C: Nixon also may have fucked with the peace talks in Vietnam in 1968 to sabotage LBJ's reelection and started the War on Drugs to target black people and hippies. 
$C: Nixon also was also a key figure in implementing the modern American private medical insurance industry and that's one of the worst things in the history of the states.
$C: Definitely very true arguments. I kind of ranked it at face value on Nixon being the only president to ever resign from office.
$C: Not to mention starting wars that killed and are still killing millions of people in the middle east. And some US soldiers/mercanaries
$C: I wanted to call out Cheney specifically but didn’t feel comfortable enough with my knowledge as I was still fairly young during Bush.
$C: Idk, Putin is the real bad guy here. Trumps a treasonous tool sure, but let me know when he starts wars that kill millions of people like W. Bush did. 
$C: Is Futurama canon???
$C: > Putin may have irrevocably damaged our democracy though

Yeah, this is where things get pretty freaking dangerous. In most democracies the various institutions that make up the government are strong enough to survive one bad/compromised president, hell, they can usually help hold things together for a few. Trump has put a lot of effort into undermining those institutions though.

Oh, and if overt foreign intervention in our elections becomes the new normal were pretty much fucked too.
$C: > But he is delivering on the macro scale with the most important stuff.

How so?
$C: Mehhhhh.....

I agree, his flippancy was pretty awful, but imo, and ive read a lot on the CW, ive come to hold the opinion the the CW was unavoidable from The Missouri Compromise forward, it was merely a matter of time before war broke out, there was no way to compromise on Slavery, and what Monroe  did was totally untenable in the long term. The Slave states were recalcitrant in the extreme.


Buchanan deserves to be on that list though
$C: You're talking about what the logical course of action is, in order to obtain the best result for yourself.

That doesn't always correlate to what Trump does. Sometimes he goes completely off the wall and screws himself over.
$C: Perfect analogy. Completely understood. Thanks again!
$C: >“How can you still count yourself a knight, when you have forsaken every vow you ever swore?"  
>  
>Jaime reached for the flagon to refill his cup. "So many vows...they make you swear and swear. Defend the king. Obey the king. Keep his secrets. Do his bidding. Your life for his. But obey your father. Love your sister. Protect the innocent. Defend the weak. Respect the gods. Obey the laws. It's too much. No matter what you do, you're forsaking one vow or the other.”

ASoIaF - George R.R. Martin  


[His story is actually quite similar to that of Snowden, in the "oathbreaking, stand up for what is right" part.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R1fsTYP-N0s)
$C: I mean, r they in trouble cuz they revealed classified info? 
$C: Shit i must have missed it considering the word legal has no meaning in this country anymore 
$C: Hey man you’re thinking to narrowly here I’m not quite sure letting a novice doctor preform the lethal injection improperly would be cruel and unusual here. I could watch these guys feel like their veins are on fire and it would be cathartic 
$C: Cities don't control the country. Citizens should. You being from bumfuck nowhere doesn't mean you are more valuable than someone else. 
$C: Undermining free and democratic elections. But you knew that already. 
$C: If you're asking me to defend Mitch McConnell, you're barking up the wrong tree. I fucking despise that man.
$C: That’s really interesting - thank you!
$C: Which probably makes it like 17-20% of the whole population.  


With half of that being an anti-Hillary vote.
$C: [deleted]
$C: The legal part needs to happen. That’s the ‘proof”. And I’m a little worried about the ability of the system to do this.
$C: The irony here is telling someone about their lack of brain whilst not being able to use proper English and Grammar. 
$C: Eh, whatever anyone says about her, atleast she would've ya know, played along with customs and expectations of holding office. Which as we're finding out now that those have been thrown out the window, the norms are actually useful and bring atleast a baseline level of efficacy to the presidency.

I just remember a conversation with my mom that went on for 10 minutes about how awful we thought Trump was, then her closing statement was "so I'm voting Stein" my response "... So you do like trump?"
$C: >Normal posters don't copy paste the exact post they're responding to, in several different spots in one thread. I saw at least 3 instances of this same user posting the comment, then the same other user replying with the exact same comment. That's just lazy coding
$C: Absolutely it can be. But there seems to be no recognition or self-awareness that this is as well. 
$C: I like how he hasn't replied to your comment after pointing out hypocrisy.
$C: I'm trying, brother. You should do the same.
$C: Sorry, I thought we were on the same page about the "rejection of the rationalist-individualistic West" being propagated in American universities - that is what I said in my previous post, and which you agreed with, though you inexplicably claimed the reason nobody is talking about *that* as the actual anti-western movement was because of conservative media.

So, alright, let's slow down then. You deny the claim that what is being taught in American universities is explicitly anti-western? Have you taken a university course recently? Are you aware of the proportions of American professors who are *self-proclaimed* Marxists?

You say that universities are turning out 80% Democratic voters because, what, "reality has a liberal bias" ? lol? Maybe because the ratio of left to right political views among university professors and faculty is over 10 to 1, so students don't hear any other point of view?

Only conservatives denounce scientific facts? Have you ever tried bringing up IQ statistics, or personality trait differentiation between men and women, or racial crime statistics, or I could go on and on, with the average Democratic voter? Or, since we're talking about universities here, how about ethnic and gender studies courses that explicitly teach students that science is a tool of the oppressive patriarchy, which only serves to perpetuate existing power structures?

Yes, that last bit really is *in the actual curriculum of real classes*, so you'll forgive me if I'm a bit flabbergasted by this claim that young, naive college students, taught by overwhelming left wing professors, *just so happen* to vote Democrat because, after all, they are the ones who are dealing in reality.

Bear in mind, nothing I have said here is to excuse Republican ignorance. I've spent my whole life with left-leaning ideas, in left-leaning social circles, in left-leaning education, on left-leaning websites like this. It's not as though I am unaware of the valid criticisms of the Republican party, or am somehow drowning in "right wing propaganda". Which, by the way, the source on that youtube video I linked is not youtube, or a republican propaganda channel - it's a full, uncut as far as I could tell, interview. The source is the mouth of "Ex-KGB officer Yuri Bezmenov", which allows enough room for skepticism on its own, but which you for some reason ignored. 

Anyways, this is all to say, I wrote my last post based on your apparent recognition that American universities are largely dedicated to anti-western modes of thought, under the claim of being "non-eurocentric", and anti-individualistic, under the justification of "equity". The fact that this ideology is being passed on totally unchallenged is a mark of it's *weakness*, not it's strength - remember that science thing we were talking about? The strength of science is that it is "that which is able to withstand all challenges", not "that which you are able to convince 18 year old college students of when they have never heard anything different". I would not have bothered to make my previous response if I had known you were so horribly confused on this point.

That's all I particularly care to write more about here - though I did get a chuckle at the idea that the media is only anti-trump because he said they were fake. Apparently you weren't here the first week the "fake news" term was circulating, and didn't notice who it was coming from and who it was directed at. Just while we're speaking of disinformation xD.
$C: Then why are they afraid to let it go to a vote?
$C: How do you figure?
$C: What a load of malarky. Placing democrats on the same coin as Republicans knowing what we know now is absurb. You can not like the democrats. You cant par them to republicans.
$C: You mean the healthcare bill that was created by a Republican (originally Romney-care), bolstered by Democrats, and then gutted so hard by the Republicans that it was bound to be fucked up before finally getting passed?
$C: Fair enough. I may have misconstrued your point to be simple whataboutism.

I believe we may agree more than I originally assumed.
$C: They broadly hate republicans for no reason. I hate *some* democrats and don’t mind others. I also hate *some* republicans and like others. I also don’t threaten violence against them or shot up their baseball practice.
$C: r/shitpoppinkreamsays
$C: Oh sorry wrong discussion.

This is my thoughts:

https://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/6pc5qu/democrats_propose_rules_to_break_up_broadband/dkon8t4/
$C: [deleted]
$C: I don't think we give a flying fuck what Boomers think at this point. 
$C: Doesn’t look like it
$C: Lol partisan hackery at its finest. Degenerates. 
$C: And it may not have been. There's no evidence either way because there's no evidence they received any information at all. 
$C: >I have no counter point so I'm just going to yell 

Glad you made that clear

$C: > No.

great argument

> So you think Obama should have been impeached too, I presume, since he didn't act on it during his admin in the 2016 election?

except that he did...trump not only has taken no action against it, he is seemingly furthering it by repeatedly denying it and publicly supporting the leader responsible for it.

> The press did that to themselves. They're horrible.

hardly...they are not perfect by any means but cannot be expected to.

> Meh. All presidents try to have a relationship with Russia. That's actually a good thing.

bullshit...trump is actively supporting putin while tearing down our intelligence services.  he is putins puppet.  

> You just spouted nonsense. Go back to the daily show or whatever it is you get your 'news' from. You made zero sense and built no actual legal case towards impeachment.

lol, resorting to ad homs...expected...i never presented a full reasoning of why he should be impeached, just enough of a reason.  and you clearly don't understand how impeachment works if you think a "legal case" needs built.  


$C: And bonus crumbling infrastructure! We're taxed for a reason.
$C: Wow that is not how prosecution works at all lol, you fan straight up murder somebody but you won't go to prison if the prosecutor doesn't actually have you indicted. In this case, Congress brings the charges and Congress won't because they value power and party over country. Take the blinders off, it's okay to say he fucked up. He didn't pan out like you thought. He broke the law a myriad of times. You don't think all the people who voted for Nixon felt kinda betrayed? Quit looking for reasons to plug your ears, get out of your echo chamber, and keep yourself apprised of actual facts and data. I want to see credible, scholarly sources from you now that support what YOU say. Otherwise I will assume you understand I'm correct.
$C: If I was shown ACTUAL evidence that WASN'T just the NYT telling me what 3 known liers, that were apart of the former administration, telling me what the evidence is, then yeah I would denounce him.

If tomorrow the FBI showed us the actual data from the supposed server that was "hacked", sure I'd consider it. But I know for a fact that won't happen because the FBI hasn't seen the server themselves. We're supposed to trust a company the DNC hired to "take a look at" said server.

This is what yall don't understand with people who don't trust this story. We don't trust government to tell the truth at ALL and that is exactly who is giving us "evidence".

The only evidence I have been shown was Hillary and the DNC paying Russian agents to come up with dirt on Trump and manufacture a Dossier. 
$C: The Senate is Republican.
$C: The Senate is Republican. They aren't going to bring impeachment proceedings against their own party. You guys are living a pipe dream.
$C: All of what? You haven't presented anything. 
$C: Ahhh okay, thanks for explaining that. I thought that they just released all the emails all at once and figured people just realised what things were really like behind the scenes. But if they only released specific information on specific topics then that ain't cool
$C: Brony Troll
$C: https://i.imgur.com/vKGus2x.jpg 

I mean the very definition of the word is a good first step if you’re that confused 
$C: Show me data that Trump  is doing a good job which is not correlated to his predecessors. 

Meanwhile, starting tradewars and unilaterally pulling back from WTO and climate Agreements is not *doing a good job*, let alone the Trump immigration zero tolerance policy. That is evidence of a poor job. A really poor job. 

Trump has yet to accomplish a new law or succesful policy. 
$C: What?!
$C: Bunch of proud boys.
$C: I agree with you; I was being too glib.
$C: [removed]
$C: http://insider.foxnews.com/2018/07/19/asher-caffe-and-lounge-california-protested-being-supportive-donald-trump

This immigrant’s business is being boycotted because he said,

 >“I wish Democrats would fight as hard for Americans, as they do for illegals.”

He was also removed from the Chamber of Commerce.

$C: Not every trump supporter is a Nazi, but every Nazi is a trump supporter so you can fuck off with that.
$C: Comey, Clapper, Rodger, Rosenstein, Pompeo and Brennan have already testified that no votes were changed.

This article also confirms that no voting infrastructure was compromised because Russians never planned to target voting machines. Russians targeted the public with misinformation to sow discord.

Which is what you fell for. It’s right there in the article lol 
$C: So show me, we’ve already established that Trump has no reason to publicly call out Putin (even though Trump has placed more sanctions on Russia while keeping obamas existing sanctions in place) for impacting the election because it simply didn’t happen and that Russians were focused on sowing discord as we can see happening in the comments right now. 

If you think Trump wasn’t harsher on Putin in general, we’ll that’s just an opinion. 


$C: Almost every single thing you said was wrong. I should refute if and paste it in response every time you paste your paragraph.

We won. Business is thriving (both locally and markets. Look into getting a job that isn't whining all the time and your life might turn around so you can see the light.

If not, you're in for a long 6.5 years.
$C: Actually, ya.  He ran a perfect campaign and was an unknown variable that many people placed their hopes and dreams upon.  No one wanted to ruin the illusion.

That a similar thing would happen and the pendulum would swing in the opposite direction was a complete inevitability.
$C: I wonder why he posts there?

Maybe because people like you say his party is destroying America and is full of treason.

Whats the punishment for treason again?
$C: you sound like a russian trying to divide
$C: There's no point arguing with someone so far down the drain of cognitive bias. The best I can do is try and point it out in the hopes that you actually take a step back and look at both sides of the coin. 

edit: By the way, I am by no means a die-hard Trump supporter, I just think that people are so angry that they like to attach almost literally every decision or opinion he has with a completely nefarious motive with no firm rationale as to why. 
$C: I apologize. Ever since the display by our leadership on Monday in Helsinki, I have been so upset. We should be nice to each other, but it hard when the other side is blind to what is going on because their side is in power. I hope we all can be kind to each other and just get along and not let our country be taken over by people whose only driving motivation is power and wealth and to control those without either. Thank you.
$C: [removed]
$C: Oh you must live in one of those countries where the government only does exactly what you specifically say. Tell us more about it, because over here each of us are assigned a country to fuck with at birth, and from a young age are taught how to create disruptive cyber terrorism as a mere toddler. It’s sooooo worthwhile to pick fights with individual citizens because they definitely did everything you hate our whoooooole country for!
$C: Oh cool, a shitty teen troll
$C: In that I like mocking t_d, yes. 
$C: Who's turn??! *holds the mic up to /u/yojay *  "Her turn!" he replied, wearing Peter Parker's hoodie while holding a ridiculously photogenic tiger doll his girlfriend's other boyfriend gave him
$C: Semantics. 

They deserve nothing from us but shame. 

Go troll someone else. It’s pretty clear what I’m saying. I don’t give a shit about your “arbiter” shit. 

Shit. Just for a third time. 
$C: This isn’t an argument. Grow up. You aren’t 11, I’d assume, stop acting like it. 
$C: So you don't have an argument to defend Trump that doesn't involve Obama or Hillary? I didn't think so. Nice try at deflecting, though. You guys learn well from the master. 

And if my assumptions are wrong, prove it. Learn a thing or two? Jesus Christ that is hilarious. You mean learn even more how delusional and brainwashed Trump supporters are? Ok. Funny you mention behaving like an adult. Adults don't deflect when asked a question. They have the intellect and maturity to answer it. You don't. You deflect and act ignorant. It's also hilarious that you demand people act like adults, while sitting here defending someone who acts like a child and constantly insults people. So you absolutely deserve to be called stupid, because you are. You're also a massive hypocrite, but keep trying to pretend like you're not. 

"BLEH HEHE I HOPE YOU LEARN HOW TO BEHAVE LIKE AN ADULT! Now excuse me while I run off to defend someone who doesn't behave like an adult. I love him so much". 

The ignorance and unawareness is just unbelievable. 
$C: Trump's military policies didn't kill 200 members of the Russian military, they killed 200 Russian citizens who were voluntarily participating in a pro-syrian Govt military campaign of their own accord, separate from their governments military. The US also kills plenty of American and EU citizens who become ISIS converts, doesn't mean much of anything politically. 
$C: I’m not even American, and I can tell you your Democrats do a lot better on just about all those points, consistently. 

Your Republicans are a nightmare. So glad we don’t have anything like that. 
$C: They have been expanding their missile plant.

https://www.wsj.com/articles/north-korea-expands-key-missile-manufacturing-plant-1530486907

Do we really have to be in World War 3 for you to realize that North Korea isn't going along with disarmament yet like Trump said?
$C: [deleted]
$C: [removed]
$C: [deleted]
$C: You must have missed that press conference in Helsinki where Trump offered up the buttholes of every American to Putin on a silver platter.  Stop blaming Hillary.  Hillary should never have been a candidate but let's not forget that the Republicans should have never let Trump become a candidate either.  Both parties dropped the ball hard and we're all left to pick up the pieces if we can.  Unfortunately it might be too late, the fox may be in the hen house now and there's nothing we can do about it.
$C: Didn't realize they were selling Trump Butthole Kool Aid in bulk now.
$C: Oh okay, so you’re intentionally being dishonest and don’t actually care that they’re completely different situations. Both those dossiers were published by the British government and were heavily questioned and doubted at the time, but were peddled by Tony Blair, which is why most people think he is a liar and a war criminal and should be in jail.

From the September dossier:
> However, two sections later became the centre of fierce debate: the allegation that Iraq had sought "significant quantities of uranium from Africa", and the claim in the foreword to the document written by British Prime Minister Tony Blair that "The document discloses that his military planning allows for some of the WMD to be ready within 45 minutes of an order to use them.”

I’m trying to understand your logic here but it’s making my head hurt. Is your assumption that the intelligence community is wrong and has bad intel? Or is it that they’re intentionally misleading Trump to start trouble with Russia? I mean at this point neither of those make any sense but I’m interested in the mental gymnastics you’re about to perform.
$C: Here is the thing. The intelligence communities did NOT lie to the Bush administration. The Bush administration cherry picked information, twisted it to their goals, then built a narrative on it. The best intel we had, and it was even known at the time, was that there were no WMD's in Iraq, Iraq was not pursuing a nuclear program, and Hussein had nothing to do with 9/11. Only dipshits barking party lines believed that crap. 
$C: Maybe on fox and friends they're getting tired lol. Everyone else is having a ball watching conservatives bumble.
$C: Nope he literally blamed America for getting attacked. Keep worshipping that traitor.
$C: [removed]
$C: Did you read the part where the U.S. foots the bill while EVERYONE gets to contaminate for free? Or did the MSM tell you to get mad over it.
$C: FYI, we lead the world in reduced carbon emissions since we pulled from the PCA. 
$C: Yea pretty much. Just gonna hangout here and laugh at all you guys screaming bloody murder. I'm not even gonna waste my time with you.
$C: [removed]
$C: I don’t see how that’s news media... the TV programs reported on the emails being hacked but everyone was kind of more focused on what was in the emails. A legitimate challenger to Trump was taken out of the race by Hillary with the emails to prove it. That is legit impeachable information right there. But yes let’s focus on the fact that Russian hackers managed to get into the DNC’s shit firewall system and release the information to the American people to see what kind of president she would have been. I hate the shit Trump does just as much as everyone else, but there was a reason Hillary didn’t fucking win. 
$C: I'm aware the most powerful thing the Russian Propaganda did is make American's not want to vote. 

More then it made people vote for Trump. 

More then it got people not to vote for Hillary. 

No the most power the tampering did, was keep American voters from voting. It appears that piece of the Propaganda continues to have power. 

As well here you are arguing against me. 
$C: Trump tower meeting was setup by the firm Hillary hired (FusionGPS). 

Papadapolous never hacked email, helped anyone back email, nor did he even know about it until Mifsud (a western Intel asset) told him about it.

What did Manafort do exactly other than tax evasion 10 years ago?

What did Cohen do?

What did Carter Page do?
$C: See what I mean. All I want you to admit is people tend to respect individuals with degrees from Ivy League schools. 

Shit have you met a Harvard Legal grad? They won't shut up about it. 

Why that turns into worship in your view is beyond me. I thought it was just par for the course and respect for the years and financial cost the individual put into their degree. 

You are the living embodiment, as you have swallowed the propaganda whole, while refusing to admit you are playing along. 

Three replies and you still haven't even said what the problem with her was. You claim she's hated, but that was literally the Russian Propaganda on social media. What are you basing your own thoughts off of?
$C: No, I don't. I haven't seen any proof of that at all. Can you link some to me?
$C: Considering all the hate trump gets on reddit.

Consider all the upvoted and gilded posts mocking trump on reddit.

Consider all the comments on said posts that gets thousands of thousands of upvotes and gold.

Think about all that trump hate, and then think about what this article is saying and what it would imply. This is proof soooooo many people on reddit were right when T_D, Conservative and all the other right leaning subreddits were steadfast in the belief what this article is saying didnt happen at all.  

how many THOUSANDS of conversations have people had on reddit about this very topic in the past? And what does this article prove?

Instead of instantly going on the offensive and calling me naive, stop for two fucking seconds and think about what this article actually means.

THIS. PROVES. LIBERALS. WERE. RIGHT. ALL. ALONG.
$C: It's not just "on the internet". NSA, CIA, FBI have all have stated it happened. you just made up bull shit
$C: No other Western country would model itself after your system. The idea that your rights could be impacted by a judge’s extreme political beliefs is horrifying. 

By what metric do you think it’s better?
$C: I'm not sure what you don't get. I never said all of you are doing the wrong thing or support him I just said that a very large part of your country feel for him and seeing how small the margin is  many of you do support him. Nothing from my statement is incorrect. "If the power was in our hands we would've impeached already" but it is... Look i'm not trying to make you guys look bad or shit on you cause no matter how bad the world thinks of you I understand there are many smart Americans as well. But enough of you simply buy his lies and populism. It's up to you guys to get rid of him cause he' not  just messing up your nation, he's messing up the world. But it's not our say it's yours and for some reason other  a few protests you're not doing anything. We do our part. We've protested in every county he goes to. No 1 president had had as much backlash in every county he visited but in the end we're foreigners. It's up to you. 
$C: "If we didn't vote for him, then how are we behind the rest of the world on knowing his true character?"

Like it or not a enormous amount of people did vote for him. Yes he lost but to imagine so many people still fell for his lies says a lot.

"I'm guessing you haven't heard of the whole 'Not My President" campaign right after he got elected either."

I do know about it, i know how many protests there have been, there have been protests in every single country he visited. And yes the power IS in your hands as a people but not enough of you can even seem to agree that he's the worst president to ever have been elected.



$C: I don't have to, burden of proof is on you buddy. 
$C: Not really.
$C: lmao, If you look at the actual figures Europe in better off in pretty much every regard. 
$C: "I didn’t. I said, “refugee”. Interesting..."
i see you're at least trying to sound smart. but the implications in this context made it clear you meant a certain political agenda otherwise pointing out refugees wouldn't be needed.

i re-read it and interestingly your quote of "authorities are refusing to comment on motives of the 34 year old Iranian born assailant"

is not ANYWHERE in the article. why do you even bother making this shit up ? all it does it make you lose credibility with every single post you make 

$C: www.washingtontimes.com/news/2017/jun/19/noncitizen-illegal-vote-number-higher-than-estimat/

https://www.fairus.org/sites/default/files/2017-08/Noncitizens_Voting_Violations_and-U.S.Elections.pdf

https://www.foxnews.com/politics/2018/05/15/mexican-woman-charged-with-voter-fraud-accused-illegally-voting-in-2016-election.amp.html





$C: Lucky for you this one just came out as well but you’ll just attack the source I’m sure

https://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2018/07/19/foreign-born-voters-voter-fraud-election-meddling/
$C: Please do!

Sometimes I literally can't sleep at night because of my family's vehement defense of Trump and the GOP. 
$C: It's only a fear based on the lack of leaks in the context of the many leaks everywhere else from the anti-Trump faction. I just find it incredible that the leaker would provide evidence to the media using extremely classified information that shows he has access to what's known yet there's nothing on Trump. The leaks are obviously from someone that has this access because they've leaked on everyone (that sounds funny) including General Flynn. 

 If Trump fired Mueller it would be a shit storm.


$C: Okay so what if Mueller's report says Trump didn't do anything that could be considered collusion/etc.
$C: Lying? No, I'm openly laughing. Big difference.
$C: > Never believe that anti-Semites are completely unaware of the absurdity of their replies. They know that their remarks are frivolous, open to challenge. But they are amusing themselves, for it is their adversary who is obliged to use words responsibly, since he believes in words. The anti-Semites have the *right* to play.

> They even like to play with discourse for, by giving ridiculous reasons, they discredit the seriousness of their interlocutors. They delight in acting in bad faith, since they seek not to persuade by sound argument but to intimidate and disconcert. If you press them too closely, they will abruptly fall silent, loftily indicating by some phrase that the time for argument is past.

You asked a good question and they won't answer it. It doesn't suit them. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: [deleted]
$C: Fact is that there isn't any real evidence for all these claims about Trump. The Democrats are doing everything in their power to stop him because he is a threat to their agenda.  

Also, you really believe that for me to have these views I'm a meth head? or another addict of some kind? 
$C: And you've looked into that yourself outside of the\_donald or Breitbart?

Or are you just another Trump sheep?
$C: Do you work with the fbi? It's ridiculous folks think this evidence is just going to be let loose in the middle of a investigation. Bottom line is we don't know, and that's a purposeful decision by the intelligence agencies. So that folks screaming "impeach!" are just as wrong as the the "witch hunt!" screamers. But you really have to a special kind of ignorant to ignore what this investigation has uncovered so far.
$C: i know that parents are always concerned for their children, but they should seek a path to citizenship. you are offered so much security by becoming a US citizen. You are right though about the ease of the path to citizenship, something needs to be done
$C: I said who provided it.  I'm sure you can use Google to find it, it's not hard.
$C: but doesnt it bother you that the mass potential of this occuring
$C: Lmao the irony. Donald trump knows of Russian interference. Then he walked it back saying they didn't interfere. Must be that they didn't interfere!
$C: While I agree that Trump is a piece of shit, here's a word of advice

If you think that everyone around you is an arsehole, you're the arsehole.
$C: RACISM!!!!!! NAZIS!!!!!
$C: Yeah, that's what he said. America lost because of the morons and racists who put Clinton on the ballot - the DNC.
$C: As long as your consistent. 

However,  the DNC masqueraded as fair, would you say that's a bad thing?
$C: It's amazing how often you guys feel the need to repost this ad nauseum. 
$C: 304 > 227, last anyone checked.
$C: He got more of the votes that matter. The people really just vote for the fun of it. The electoral college makes the decisions. This time they decided against the American people wishes.
$C: Dude, if you've read the thing and reached that conclusion then I'm not going to sit here and argue with you. Spend your time better. 
$C: The emails are real, we know they are, you don't need to trust.

It is like if your enemy gave photographic evidence, you don't need to trust.
$C: But it doesn’t make you any less guilty just because you were doing it in private and didn’t think you’d be seen. 
$C: For fucks sake lmao
$C: You need to be honest that this is pure speculation at this point.
$C: He is giving them our sovereignty.
$C: No sanctions on Russia. Fucking Congress UNANIMOUSLY voted for sanctions and Trump is completely ignoring them.
$C: So you're cool with Clinton rigging the primaries?
$C: Yeah actually it is. It's conspiracy and fraud.

A ton of people donated money and time to Bernie Sanders and other candidates. If they knew that they didn't have a chance in winning, they wouldn't have wasted their resources.
$C: I just feel sorry for you. 

Couldn’t even respond to anything I said. 
$C: Reuters is a newswire service. They're owned by Canada's richest family. In case you don't know what wire services do, they write articles then sell them to different news outlets. If you google the first sentence from that article, you can find all the other places it was republished to. There's a lot of hits.

Do some research on Reuters and there's a lot of criticism aimed at them for pushing propaganda.

There's no evidence in your link. A summary isn't evidence, it's just a summary of the accusation.

$C: Noticed it. “As a left leaning Canadien... *spouts alt-right talking points that have no basis.*” 

Dude is a troll. 
$C: Where's the evidence Russia did it?

Clinton's campaign manager was making claims about Russia post election. If that guy knew something 2 years ago, they must have something solid by now.

$C: The same intelligence organization that coaxed Americans into a false war against Iraq and perpetually lie to Americans about their foreign intervention policies?

This guys the other day pointed out something called [the Philippine Holocaust](https://britsinthephilippines.top/philippines-genocide-3-million-filipinos-killed/). I never heard of it before so I looked it up. I can't find consistent numbers. This dude claimed the US killed 3 million people. Wikipedia claims it was only 250k.

Point being, the US government justified the attack by claiming their leader was a despot and they needed to take him out because Americans are cool like that. That was like a 120 years ago and they still feed Americans the same line.

That's a bad guy, we need to get him to help his people!

> No one wants war.

Except for the ones who profit off it.
$C: 12 random Russians, also when asked for evidence for any indictment Mueller blocked it. You seem to enjoy accusations without evidence a whole lot lmao
$C: You're arguing with conspiracy theorists man. It's not worth it.
$C: What kind of evidence do you expect from our intelligence community? They can't always release evidence to the public without compromising sources. So we have to trust the intelligence community.

That's why the trump administration is attacking the FBI, because they want to corrode the trust in the department, knowing that is their mostly singular enforcing power. 
$C: Maybe, maybe not.

You guys didn't boot out Bush for being a war criminal. If you impeach Trump for trumped up accusations of collusion against Russia, I wouldn't be surprised. You Americans have some bizarre priorities.
$C: That would require some actual evidence...
$C: Y'all have been saying this 1.5 years now. Let's talk again when it happens.
$C: I take you as seriously as a 🌭
$C: >He was briefed that day by John O. Brennan, the C.I.A. director; James R. Clapper Jr., the director of national intelligence; and Adm. Michael S. Rogers, the director of the National Security Agency and the commander of United States Cyber Command.

...

>Mr. Brennan later told Congress that he had no doubt where the attacks were coming from.

>“I was convinced in the summer that the Russians were trying to interfere in the election,” he said in testimony in May 2017. “And they were very aggressive.”

...

Unless these men make a statement in the next few days that this is a lie I believe the Times, which has high standards for sources. I'm assuming these 12 people's statements have been corroborated and verified by an editor. 

https://publiceditor.blogs.nytimes.com/2016/03/15/new-york-times-anoymous-sources-policy-public-editor/


$C: Holy fucking hell, those are all complete non arguments. 
$C: Oh hey youre the previous dude. 

Yeah it’s too hard to tell these days unfortunately. Best to use the good ole /s in these times. 
$C: How many Schrute Bucks is that?
$C: Manafort had hardly anything to do with the Trump campaign and his indictment is for financial crimes in 2014 that, once again, had NOTHING to do with Trump

He was only campaign manager for a short time and it was because they wanted him for the convention. That is the only "top campaign" official indicted for anything and he hasn't even been convicted yet.

Pop D? Low level staffer. Flynn? "Lying to the FBI", whatever kind of bullshit crime that is. Every other indictment is for Russians that had NOTHING to do with any American and had no effect on the election.

How many times does Rosenstein, the man overseeing this very investigation, have to say this for your conspiracy theories to stop? The Russians making some facebook memes and "hacking the DNC" (even though we've never seen the server) isn't what cost you the election. You're just taking part in mass hysteria 
$C: Since when are facts partisan?
$C: Is that you John Oliver?
$C: I'll be damned if I let some snobby liberal call me a Russian because I support Trump. Trump won. Get over it and stop crying about Russians. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: Cheers, bud!
$C: You should start a blog. "Shit my relatives say"
$C: Definitely. A lot of these fake accounts they set up simply shared things like local news for a year or two to build a following.  Then, when election season hit, they flipped the Trump switch. That doesn’t get reflected in any of their ad buys.
$C: 1) I'm impressed by your equivalent example with Clinton
2) The second article literally gave an example
3) It's not baseless, THEY LITERALLY ADMITTED IT ON THEIR FORMS
4) "Might" refers to not knowing which entity on the list it is. The thing is that no matter which entity it is on that list, it's still corruption, so "might" is irrelevant.
$C: Show me where Obama took your guns moron. Show. Me. The. Data.
$C: Oh, where's the lie?
$C: Where?
$C: Every single news, politics, hell most subs on reddit are just downvote brigadier liberal echo chambers 
$C: 'Concrete evidence no one else does.' That is an insanely high bar. Of course it happens but no one has as much piled up as Trump right now and if there was another person, that still wouldn't make it normal. What kind of proof could possibly act as concrete evidence that no one else is as bad as Donald Trump? There is no practical way to investigate everybody.
$C: Seriously? Wing nut daily? C'mon, man. Because I dont care to spend the effort involved to debunk 3 editorials and the right's equivalent to buzzfeed. If you posted those 4 as serious sources then nothing I say will have any effect and would be a waste of everyone's time.
$C: How about where neither of the articles focusing on the supposed “corruption” of the Clinton Foundation definitively prove corruption is taking place? 
$C: Because these aren’t sources in the slightest. They’re not even worth arguing against because they are literally made up opinion pieces with no over sight into their accuracy. 
$C: The very first scandal on that list only cites their own website. 6 of the first 7 hyperlinks go to their own site. Most of those don't even have another source within. Just themselves. A 4th grader would fail an essay on cats if they used that kind of citing.
$C: Seriously. Opinion pieces are crappy sources. The Daily Caller one is a total joke.
$C: Ad hominem much?  
$C: Thank you someone in this partisan joke of a sub has some common sense. Hillary is more corrupt than anyone. Just do 10 minutes of actual research into the Clinton Foundation to realize it.
$C: > She was fired from one of her very first jobs for being untrustworthy 

[No she wasn’t.](https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/hillary-clinton-watergate/)
$C: Decades long of shady dealings eh? Im sure trump has only ever been honest in his business dealings.
$C: Good thing Trump is in office, I'm sure he'll arrest her right away. 
$C: Haha so what does trump have?
$C: You’d think if she had been up to shady shit all that time that we would’ve seen even one damn indictment. You’re full of shit...happily gobbling down all the bullshit you’re being fed. 
$C: She was the victim of a multidecade smear campaign. Obviously no one likes her that's exactly what every political spinster has wanted for the last 30+ years. The DNC made a terrible mistake by promising her the presidency in 2008. Who would have possibly guessed that America would pick the black dude over the white woman?!  She felt owed in 2016. No one likes someone who is entitled. The DNC ruined its reputation by the tricks they ran to have her nomination secured. The people who voted for Trump over Clinton aren't bad people. But if they stay there and say, this is okay. They aren't paying attention. None of this is okay.
$C: Trump has hundreds of lawsuits for explotation
$C: She isn't corrupt. If she is, then republicans are completely incompetent since she was never convicted or charged with anything despite countless inquiries. 
$C: She would have been a better president than Trump who.... In case you haven't been paying attention... Lies CONSTANTLY
$C: We had a president and party who cared then
$C: Not to mention rigged the primary against Bernie, and lied for years on behalf of her shitty husband. 
$C: Didn’t your boy say something like “take the guns and prosecute later?”
$C: Obama fucking actually tried to work with people, he compromised on everything. You are completely divergent from reality if you thought Obama was coming to take your guns.
$C: Yeah, that guy completely ignored your first two points. 
$C: They could have have still done whatever it was they wanted to do. These are all executive branch duties and responsibilities, unless you want to go to war with russia, and solely under the direction of the president, then Obama. They just chose the politically expedient route, which was to do nothing official, because they didn't want to shake up the election as they thought Clinton was a lock to win. 
$C: > Instead, Obama officials chose another course of action... They chose a private “stern” warning by Obama to Russian President Vladimir Putin

They didn't do anything. Not anything official, or with teeth, or that involved the Republicans anyway. 
$C: From whom?

Edit: 

>She warned Daniel: “Don’t get ahead of us. She delivered strict orders to 'stand down,' and told Daniel:  'knock it off,' he told the authors. When he returned to the office after getting the warning, he told an aide: 'That was one pissed-off national security adviser.'
$C: Im not from america, neither liberal or whatever but the things I read criticizing trump are WAY more coherent than what I hear people saying defending Trump. Atleast these guys use legit arguments and sources. From an outside point of view, the right seems more triggered thats for sure and if there's one thing they lack BIG time its beeing coherent.

Edit: spelling
$C: Have you been to t_d?
$C: McConnell isn't the chief of the executive branch.  Not a single soul at the National Security Council answers to him or anyone in the Senate.
$C: You misspelled cumrag
$C: The legislative branch makes laws. The Executive Branch deals with National Security threats. Why didn't he act? 
$C: Great answer.  You Put a bunch of thought into that one
$C: https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/2018/07/16/u-s-authorities-russian-operative-tried-infiltrate-nra/789670002/

Live in denial if you prefer it
$C: It’s the grown up version of  “I don’t have to give you the ball back because you’re a stinky poo! Nyehhhh!”
$C: Fall of american democracy? Oh please. Things have been far worse in the past and americans still weathered the storm. Spewing hate every chance you get does nothing but alienate people.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Lol???
$C: [deleted]
$C: They didn't force voters to go vote for him.  I don't know why you people don't comprehend that
$C: Is it? "the election cant be rigged" seems pretty simple to me
$C: Lol these idiots step in mouse traps behind every fucking corner and still keep going. Its amazing what misinformstion and lack of education coupled with the internet can do to people. And they scream that anti trumps are brainwashed.
$C: Good person based on what? I keep hearing this claim he's only done things to benefit himself and family. Like what? Why don't you point to things he's actually tried to do for this country? Can you even name something he's benefited himself purely? Because I can tell you now I can name at least 5 that he's done for his country right now. 

$C: Please don’t be patronizing. I’ve been around long enough to have watched the first moon landing, so I’ve seen with my own eyes the downward slump of journalistic quality. I think my cynicism and skepticism are warranted.

Given the shrill tone and staccato feel of the reporting coming from major television outlets (where most average voters get their news), I doubt that the majority of what we’re getting is the result of actual investigative journalism. It exists, sure. Greenwald’s work with Snowden is a great example. But I’m very cynical about the existence of real, unbiased journalism in the current milieu, and I know I’m not alone in my cynicism.

I mean -good God!- when Buzzfeed is relied upon as a media outlet, we’re in a bad place journalistically.
$C: I'm not saying it isn't, I'm just saying that not all articles attacking Trump are true.
$C: You'd think, but the_dumbass came out in full force against net neutrality because democrats supported it. 
$C: They want the data when it comes to collusion but they'll follow some random dude named Q off a cliff for "muh deep state" fucking morons the lot of them.
$C: I talk with all sorts of people. Anyone I talk to left or right says the same thing. Clinton was possibly the worst candidate the democrats could have run.
$C: 1. Proof Dossiers were used for FISA

https://www.washingtonexaminer.com/house-intelligence-memo-released-what-it-says/article/2647937

Dossier was used in the FISA warrant. IG of the DOJ is releasing a report around the FISA abuse in the government so stay tuned 

3 dossiers. One from Fusion GPS, one from McCain, and one from mother Jones

http://theduran.com/collusion-peter-strzok-reveals-three-different-versions-of-the-trump-dossier/

Stzork refuses to acknowledge but there are 3 dossiers 

https://www.washingtonpost.com/video/politics/wirereuters/rep-jordan-questions-strzok-on-dossier-in-accusatory-exchange/2018/07/12/07c6adc8-8605-11e8-9e06-4db52ac42e05_video.html?utm_term=.c4554d20507a

Dossier is fake: “explosive but unverified”

https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.forbes.com/sites/paulroderickgregory/2017/01/13/the-trump-dossier-is-false-news-and-heres-why/amp/

https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.politico.com/magazine/amp/story/2018/02/01/russia-steele-dossier-democrats-republicans-216921


https://www.buzzfeednews.com/article/kenbensinger/these-reports-allege-trump-has-deep-ties-to-russia#.diLxQlJL3

Buzz feed got put into a corner about the dossier because it’s fake. The DNC wouldn’t comply. Buzzfeed sued. It got buried 


https://www.google.com/amp/thehill.com/homenews/media/373711-buzzfeed-suing-dnc-over-trump-dossier%3famp

2. There is no article that says Obama was going to come straight out with Russia is targeting our elections. Every one hat tipped that it will be Obama coming out as Russia is influencing trump. That it would be a “push on the scale against Trump” we both don’t know what was said. What we do know what was going on in the background was investigations into Trump involving the dossier. It’s not a stretch to see that the dems were going to push Trump collusion right around November 2016 but where was no evidence.

3. I don’t have my facts wrong. It’s been revealed in Senate hearings there were investigations since August 2016. Operation crossfire Hurricane 

>agents summarized their highly unusual interview and sent word to Washington on Aug. 2, 2016, two days after the investigation was opened. 

https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.nytimes.com/2018/05/16/us/politics/crossfire-hurricane-trump-russia-fbi-mueller-investigation.amp.html

Congressional candidate ? Who? 

You mean Schiff that was trying to seek nude pictures of Trump from Russia???

https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.washingtonexaminer.com/adam-schiff-pranked-by-russians-who-offered-nude-photos-of-trump%3f_amp=true

4. Hundred of Russians killed by us 

https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.rferl.org/amp/29162797.html

Russia dropped a pipeline in the water to give oil to Germany. 

https://money.cnn.com/2018/07/11/news/economy/russian-gas-germany-trump/index.html
$C: Oh ok, so they hacked the machines and didn't do anything with them. What kind of dream world do you live in to actually believe that? 
$C: Seems like small potatoes compared to how much effort and money is dumped into elections.

Also, would this be any different than an American citizen engaging in political discussions, expressing their preference for one candidate over another. I remember the last French election had a push from Reddit for Macron.
$C: You have to understand that in the reality that these people have constructed for themselves, actual events are conspiracy and lunacy is truth.
$C: lol
$C: Nobody said anything about a photo. 

Also, it actually did. 

https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2018/06/06/does-the-u-s-keep-immigrant-children-in-cages/?noredirect=on&utm_term=.5466335d08bc

You dishonest fuck. 

Edit: Also, here’s a photo for you from 2018, since apparently that’s the only kind of evidence you accept. You probably still won’t because you’re a dishonest fuck, so this is mainly for others to show that you are, in fact, a dishonest fuck. 

https://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-44518942

Sure looks like a school to me, huh? Fuckin moron. 
$C: I believe Trump is a loud mouth idiot but I’m not going to jump to conclusions on treason until there is serious talks about it in Congress.
$C: If the decomcrat's win in November that's what they are going to do. 
$C: There are rich and powerful men on both sides acting in their respective self interests. However when I see the amount of anti trump rhetoric I saw before the election from every aspect of society that I named, I think the lefts have their claws in a little more. You didn't explain wall street or the media. Does everything public facing lean left somehow? Convenient for sure. 
$C: You’re going to have to expand and point out particular instances of policies Trump has put into place that are those things you said.
$C: Ok, sure. Then let's just impeach him and put Pence in office. Or do you have someone better to suggest?
$C: I haven't brought up anyone else's name specifically, just saying they're all crooks. But that's fine, let's impeach him and put Pence in office. Or would you like to suggest someone better?

$C: Voter turnout has been on a steady decline since the seventies.  Voter turnout is virtually non existent for municipal and state reps and even less for legislation.
$C: [deleted]
$C: [removed]
$C: LOL...yeah, because we know that no reporters ever "make up a source"!!!  Kid, you are all kinds of laughs!

https://www.carbonated.tv/news/intercept-reporter-accused-of-making-up-sources


$C: What the fuck are you talking about CNN for. You just literally proved my original comment holy shit. Thanks. Done. 
$C: That's all that was there, thanks that really helped answer my question.

And that's good, "man" is much better than "bro". Unless you're asking a retard regressive leftist in which case its all sexist and transphobic lol. Now there's some losers we can both laugh at, poor stupid morons
$C: You guys only care about this stuff when its Anti-Trump a.k.a Trump Derangement Syndrome. Which is why everyone is just getting sick and tired of it. 

Dems/Libs have been lying to the country since day one. E.G the photos about the kids in cages supposedly under the Trump admin and the kid on the cover of Time. But of course you shoved that aside like it was nothing. 
$C: For the first point I’ll concede that I am speaking for myself, but I honestly believe that there is no way they could possibly convince anyone without putting out names. 

Secondly, which I should have explained more thoroughly, Occam’s Razor should be used for choosing the best testable hypothesis (the simplest is easiest to test). Using OR to make a decision causes stagnation (e.g. Theory of Relativity wouldn’t even be considered due to it’s complexity versus the conventional understanding)

Finally, I chose World War II because it came to my mind first. My best example is during WWII is Operation Mincemeat, where the British used an extremely elaborate hoax to fool the Axis Powers into believing they wore invading Greece and Sardinia rather than Sicily.

Here’s the full story

[Operation Mincemeat ](https://www.history.com/news/what-was-operation-mincemeat) 

There is also Operation Fortitude, which was a diversion that took place before Operation Overlord

[Operation Fortitude ](https://www.dday-overlord.com/en/d-day/preparations/operation-fortitude) 
$C: I realize they are illegal... I'm just pointing out the hypocrisy.

$C: I absolutely agree, when thinking of the issues, I know the whole born on American soil loop, or the child gets citizenship, but not the parents, and such. Education is monumentally important, they must have a reason for going here, and if they have kids that's probably the reason. We all wish they would get citizenship before. What do you think about welfare and illegal immigrantion?
$C: Well after watching the US do it to so many other nations

Kinda expected
$C: So there's enough evidence that they could charge Trump with something? Why aren't they doing it then
$C: [deleted]
$C: [deleted]
$C: Made in ~~Russia~~ China

In all seriousness, not everyone that disagrees you is a computer algorithm and just because I link a poll showing that the overwhelming majority believe it is not the most important issue, does not mean I believe no-body cares.
$C: Ok and what are you doing about it other than posting on Reddit? Oh right nothing, and yet you expect change. 
$C: They downplay people like Trump and other republicans, and hold a pedestal to Obama and other democrats. That is liberal bias.
$C: "hoobidabwah is a paedophile" - dalai lama  
$C: Condescension, bullying 
$C: What's the difference 
$C: Alright clearly you dont know what you are talking about. Cheers. 
$C: You seem to be bursting at the seams with shit. Are you sure you wouldn't like to talk some more of it?
$C: Okay genius, explain to me how I am wrong. Given up on what? You've said exactly zero words that have any bearing on what I've wrote. 

All you've done to disprove what im saying is comparing it to fox and breitbart fake news. How is that productive? How am I the one showing an utter lack of intelligence? You are simply strawmanning with *absolutely no* meat to your words. How in the world does that paint *me* as the unintelligent one.

Explain yourself troll.
$C: Yes but what does that have to do with my comment, why do you chose to reply to me instead of some of those comments you hate so much 
$C: No.. no it isn’t.
$C: Silly me. Assuming someone that tries to deflect really is embarrassed to admit they're american.
$C: Well each president has done something that is/was despicable. It just seems to get worse over the years and I personally feel these days that there's no point in politics anymore other than to just keep people divided and distracted while they try to take all our rights away. Everybody mostly just argues over what's right and wrong and doesn't want to try to work things out unless the "other side" admits they're wrong, know what I mean?
$C: Admitting your mistakes isn't something that's "blatantly wrong". My original comment was a question based around that assumption, which was misinformed due to not reading the article and everything else I've already said in my other comments. And in the chance that the meddling that 'had been reported then would have been evidence of directly altering votes in any manner other than misinformation, my questions are a valid concern in that case.
$C: Not en in my opinion, and Trump still has a few years to do something until the next presidential election. But we can disagree here I geuss. 

It's been nice talking with you man!
$C: > Its in the process of being proven. 

Yeah just like the moon landing being faked or lizard people is in the process of being proven.

> Russia controlling the President of the US is indeed against the best interest of all Americans.

Evidence they control him is...

Him trying to get Europe to stop buying their natural gas?

Massive tariffs on their aluminum industry?

Boosting our military budget?

Military cooperation with Poland?

Sanctioning their ally Iran?

Actions speak louder than words IMO.
$C: Correct me if I’m wrong then?

Lol debunked? Peter Strozk literally just testified in front of congress explaining his texts about stopping Trump, it is public record, go look it up, you don’t have to trust some biased news source, the live video testimony is on YouTube. 
$C: If you get your news from *only here*, then you are subjecting yourself to the worst levels of propaganda. Expand your mind. Its obvious you comment with tunnel vision. Its obvious you speak from inexperience and are only parroting others views. 
$C: Yhea, you are bait
$C: The proof of this accusation you are claiming is not there yet so what are you on about?
$C: no you said

> Now please stop talking

so you told me to shut up and not question things. You'd like it that people just accepted what you claimed was true and didn't make waves on your narrative. I pity you and your need to be a keyboard warrior on the internet. I'm sorry. I'm sorry for your life.
$C: Let's see here, no.  I do not give the slightest shit about who leaked the information, because it is something the public needed to know.  That our "leader" has been lying to us is not surprising, but it is concerning.

The man "imprisoned in forieng embassies" is not there for telling the truth.  He is there because he broke the law in Sweden and ran there to hide when it looked like it was going to catch up with him.

The US was not particularly interested in him, we would have had a far easier time extraditing him from the UK than Sweden (Due to the wording of the treaties it would require permission from both countries to remove him from Sweden), so the entire convoluted plot he spun up makes no sense except as a cover for why he needed to run from the law.

Besides, it is amazingly easy to lie with the truth.  The Sun rises in the West is a perfectly true statement.  I'm just leaving out the "If you live on Venus" part.
$C: Opposition research not collusion.  If they were trying to collude why would they meet in Trump tower? hahahaaha 
$C: Wow, that's some statement. So when they where president you didn't care then either? So why care now that trump holds the title? It's amazing, if it was raining 20's you would be bitching that it's not raining 50's?
$C: [deleted]
$C: [deleted]
$C: interesting
$C: Aaaaaand I’m out. It’s been nice trying to have an open conversation with you all. ✌️
$C: Whoa okay.
$C: Russian state media is just that, STATE RUN MEDIA, nobody claims to be objective and even if they do its obviously bogus. Theres no real freedom of speech in Russia so they will show what they are ordered to show.
$C: >In the first instance, ahead of a March 13 CNN town hall, it appears that guest-moderator Roland Martin from TV One may have shared his contributions to the questions with Brazile. In an email the day before the town hall to senior Clinton staffers, Brazile wrote: “From time to time I get the questions in advance” and included the text of a question about the death penalty. An email later obtained by POLITICO showed that the text of the question Brazile sent to the Clinton campaign was identical to a proposed question Martin had offered CNN. (A similar, though not identical question, was ultimately posed to Clinton at the town hall).

The Martin connection was seemingly cemented when WikiLeaks published more of that thread, featuring a newly released reply in which Brazile promises to send additional questions.

“I’ll send a few more,” Brazile wrote, adding, “Though some questions Roland submitted.”

https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/donna-brazile-leaves-cnn/
$C: Did you read your own comment? Anyway people like you arent worth speaking to. Good day sir.
$C: “Raw intelligence.” Laughable. I’ve read about Christopher Steele. British MI6 guy. Im sure soon enough we will learn about the UKs involvement in all this shit. But this doesn’t make me a liar. If material cannot be verified as true then I don’t believe it. I also believe that makes this dossier not credible. ESPECIALLY if you look for who paid for it and when it was drafted. It’s a fake.
$C: LMAO THIS IS FUCKING LAUGHABLE. Obama is the worst president of all time. I’m done with you fools. I’m getting no where. Give it some time. Barry Soetoro will end up indicted with the rest of them. You wanna put your faith blindly in people like Hillary, Soros, Clapper, Brennan, Waters, Lynch. Be my guest lmao but you can’t trust them as far as you can throw them. Every single one of them in involved in shady dealing and you people literally look away from it all and then reach so hard for anything in Trump. You people are brainwashed and pathetic. 
$C: I do read articles that don’t agree with me. None cite credible sources and actually read like bullshit. And 99% of the media has Reported lies all year and you idiots still trust them 

The point is in five seconds I found an article about it. Five seconds. I’m not going to dedicate hours of my time digging up dozens of sources for people who probably won’t even read them and accuse me of being a Russian bot like a bunch of fucking idiots. You people are delusional. 
$C: Honestly no if Trump really did steal the election which I seriously seriously doubt. Then he deserves whatever the repercussions are. 

However so far the main evidence they have is General Flynn’s charges and Paul Manafort. Paul manafort is being tried for financial crimes in 05 and 07 not Remotely related to the trump campaign. And according to the IG report the documents used to charge Flynn were falsified by Peter Strozk before they even made it to Bob Mueller. Then we learn that Peter Strozk actually talked to his FBI girlfriend about how he was going to stop it from happening. 

How can that investigation not be bias? How can we say the very people who want to get trump out of office are the people that should be investigating him? 
$C: Lol. Vox.  

Sorry, I don't watch or read news sites that advocated for violence against opposing views
$C: I liked the, but imo not enough bill Murray
$C: Me too. But, something tells me she wasn't. Something also tells me that there is a decent chance that I will get downvoted into oblivion and/or a plethora of enraged replies due to my insensitivity towards the pronouns. 
$C: With the exact same sentiments of your original comment continuously being echoed throughout the country on a daily basis, logic dictates that it is fair of me to assume that the post was not satire. Further, you're right. When all you have to go off of is text, with no tone nor body language to supplement the interaction, it is difficult to detect sarcasm. 

But, no. I'm not going to delete it. Thanks for you input, though. 

Edit: Autocorrect. 
$C: His account is well over a year old, and this is the first thing he's *ever* commented on.
$C: It should of been easy for Hillary to bamboozle all those "stupid"bitter clingers.  But she seemed to not get that in America irredeemables can vote, and that "stupid" people might not like to being  insulted.  



$C: Coupled with confirmation bias and you have an endless supply of stupid.

Just today I'm rehashing **the same** EV talking points with PC conservatives

- EV cars are for the 1% (they aren't)
- EV cars are crap (they really aren't)
- EV cars are made by polluting too!!! (so are ICE cars ... but then ICE cars are fueled by pollution...)

etc...

At this point I just vary the words of my canned replies because it's the same fucking talking points over and over and over ...
$C: We should start a dating site for stupid people except secretly we euthanize them after they've successfully matched.
$C: Not just that. It allows corporations/goverments/assholes to propagate this disinformation in order to sow discord among the people who apparently believe anything they read as long as it follows their expected narratives of reality. 
$C: Where's a Basilisk when you need it..
$C: You can't be smart in everything.  The worlds best neurosurgeon could know next to nothing about the material sciences and industry behind [say] solar panels.  The worlds best welder might have no idea about how addiction works....

Reasonable people fill in their uncertainty with doubt (e.g. defer to experts).  Unreasonable people will in their uncertainty with opinions (mainstream media, talk radio, etc).

Who is/isn't "reasonable" doesn't necessarily fall along IQ lines.  Some of the smartest people in Germany in the 40s were SS members (you could argue being a Nazi was political necessity but you had to choose to join the SS...).
$C: And economics. I still have zero actual training. Just anecdotal biases that I've picked up on over time. At best I must have like a gen ed basic understanding of a few economic principles. Half of it will be wrong too since no formal education.
$C: I think they're looking for a way out from their Trumpgret and can't rationalize why they hated Hillary for so long. Basically, they heard so many vial things about that woman for so long that there must be a nugget of truth in there. I don't agree, but I'm still trying to understand because my formerly conservative father seems to want progressive ideals now (basic income, universal healthcare) but can't get over his fear of Nancy Pelosi because of that one 60 minute special which seemed to say that ALL of congress does this one thing yet we're going to focus on her.
$C: All I have is the sarcastic tone that was missed in the previous comment.
$C: You are asking folks to trust politicians, spy agencies and the MSM without question.
Because spies, politicians and editors... all three, masters, trained in the arcane art of linguistic manipulations and information control... have been consistently proven to be responsible with our trust? Do you know why Trump won the election?
$C: You believe and an un named anonymous source “close to the president” is an example of citing their sources? 

You believe that the dnc was hacked by the Russian gov without the fbi ever seeing the server? 

What is your definition of proof?

Rhetorical questions obviously because there is no answer you can bring to bear on the conversation.
$C: Only if you're over age 4+, memes have been known to cause indigestion and can block airways of children younger.
$C: It depends on the state, but you should be a consenting adult.
$C: I understand but we already have those kind of regulations on the internet (and to continue the highway example just think about how horrible net neutrality, or "highway lane regulations", are for the internet and online freedom).  

However, the seat belt is exactly why this isn't a good example. Seat belts were created by Volvo, who then gave the rights to everyone to use for safety. When Ford puts a seat belt into a car and it was up to people to use them or not. Law and regulations exist but still its up to people to sit down and buckle up. On the other hand, preventing misinformation on the internet would require some administrative agency and ultimately someONE to monitor and characterize online speech. This is not only an immense, likely impossible, undertaking but also up to way too much discretion. What is "misinformation" for one person is a interesting theory for another. I mean "fake news" has become part of the vernacular in this country, and we know that government agencies do not stay bipartisan. 


Just look at how complicated First Amendment law is in this country and that's after decade of cases and judgments creating three separate tiers of scrutiny (strict, intermediate and rational). It's just not possible to do it at the scale of the internet without completely chilling speech. Also consider how the law recognizes this and limits liability of ISP and Online services for the online speech that their users post. The courts correctly saw that otherwise too much power and discretion would be given to providers. 


I totally understand that misinformation is incredible problem and extremely damaging but its a natural consequence that is greatly outweighed by the benefits of the internet and free information. If anything we need to teach people and children to be more critical of the information they find, to check sources and consider biases. That would greatly fix our problem without crippling one of the most powerful tools we've ever had. 

$C: >Everyone seems to be saying I'm arguing you can't agree that disinformation is bad. Not my point at all, my point is that what is classed as disinformation varies from person to person.

That's what I assumed and intended to address by talking about  the judicial system, which is there exactly to mediate disputes. It's there to set the standard everyone must follow no matter what they think.

>Who are you to legally challenge their view that it is reporting of the truth? You can argue that they are wrong and the majority is with you, but are you going to make it illegal to make videos on why people think the earth is flat?

I don't see much harm in flat-earthers making videos or the like. It would be different if they could decide education policy or some such. That's by the way the how you decide between what ought be legal or not: Is it harmful?
$C: It wasn’t. 
$C: >The Court has a real shot at a little liberal reform IF Ginsburg and Breyer's replacements are liberal 

That poor woman has to stay alive and keep working for at least two more years. People talk about sacrifices that people make for this reason or that but her knowing the consequences of giving up her position, having to keep waking up and putting on that robe... it's gotta be a huge burden.
$C: Brawndo! 
$C: A standardized test for the new Common Core might, for example, present students with a scenario where in they are trying to decide if a nuclear power plant should be built in their community. It would offer them different things to evaluate like charts and graphs, statistics, a historical background, opposing and supporting op eds, scientific research, etc. Students then have to write an argument why the plant should or shouldn't be built.

When the CCSS were introduced teachers joked that you could pass even if you spelled every word wrong, as long as your evidence and reasoning were sound. 


$C: Are we somewhere in the middle there?
$C: The US has poor public education. I was lucky enough to have parents who valued private education greatly and put money away well before they were ready to have my sisters and I, so that we would be able to go to private school from pre-school through high school.

I don't think there's a big difference between public/private when it comes to college (unless you're going to an Ivy League)
$C: It depends what district you look at in the US.  The wealthier districts have public schools that test on par with the top scoring countries, the poor one's don't.  I also once saw a decent graph that removed testing data from ESL students and that too increased American public schooling scores.  
$C: No, I had multiple choice finals in 3/5 and 3/4 classes during my year in an US uni.
$C: Definitely not in anything but the general education classes. I didn’t have a multiple choice test last year 1. Maybe just anecdotal, but most of my grade was performance based from various field experiences.
$C: There's a fine line that's crossed all too often. I agree with you somewhat, but if we're going to place blame on anyone it should be parents, not the schools. I went to a public school in the southern states with an abysmal graduation rate coupled with a rampant pill problem. I made it out just fine because my parents made me understand that school is for learning. I can only speak for the states, but teachers here don't make enough to do what they do without caring about educating children. If you come to learn there are no obstacles. The framework is there. It seems to me that the real issue we should be talking about is parental accountability. You can't ship your kid off to school and expect everything to be gravy. Parents need to be held accountable for holding their kids accountable. Blaming the state for shortcomings solves nothing
$C: > reminder to myself too, to get my shit set up to filter the bad subreddits out, and stay off world...oh.

Thankfully we have RES. 

I still don't understand why Reddit doesn't allow to blacklist certain subs per user. Just a "block" or "add to blacklist" button near subscribe so I won't be forced to see shit from it on frontpage. 
$C: I set up an alt that is only subscribed to things like r/eyebleach for when I can't quit redditing but can't take the bs anymore.
$C: The ability to speak does not make you intelligent

Edit:i hope that people understand that this is sarcasm
$C: And if anyone needs proof we can learn, they just need to look at the comment by Icav made in response to you.
$C: I'm not making assumptions, I was just arguing against the initial post that the education system is to blame for people voting for Trump. That somehow test taking and common core has made critical thought disappear from our school systems. 
Critical thought has NEVER been a huge part of American school systems and indirect racism and blatant misogyny is pervasive here in America (and everywhere else in the world). 
Having a black president followed up by a woman candidate was too much of a shock to the status quo of America. Trump is the end product of that. 
$C: I agree with you that people write off Trump voters as analogous with  /r/the_donald, Racist and reactionary right-wingers. 

Trump voters are whiter, older, male and middle class. In short, Republicans. With that in mind, it's not surprising that some young educated people voted for him because it was probably in their best interest to do so and they just thought...fuck everyone else.

$C: Interesting. I'll be curious to see if this remains true after generation Z enters the workforce and the actual adult realm. 
$C: That's actually how the law works but that seems to be lost these days#NAZIGOLD
$C: We're not at war with Russia though, does that still apply?
$C: In that case, impeachment is obviously on the table. But impeaching just because it's possible is not a tool that should be opened, ever. Even though it's very possible if president lacks the majority support.
$C: >The more we condemn Trump as a criminal without conclusive proof, the more his ( small ) hardcore base would push against anything and collaborate the idea of a witch hunt.

Don't worry about the opinions of the willfully ignorant. You'll drive yourself insane because it'll never be enough for them. I'm not sure what you consider conclusive, but the article you're commenting on in the first place reports that 45 has repeatedly and knowingly lied to the American people about an act of warfare carried out by a hostile foreign country. Now... this isn't a court of law, so all we have to go on are the mountains of evidence we see piled at our feet and the few shrill voices telling us that the mountains aren't real; that we can't trust our own eyes. I believe what I see. 
$C: Okey, to correct my statement: impeachment of Trump is logical, because of the overwhelming evidence that hopefully soon materializes. Including this. I don't support impeaching him without serious proof of crime or missmanagement.

That being said, I personally strongly beleave there is evidence to be found, and unlawful cooperation between him and foreign state. I obviously could be wrong in this matter, but I used it as an assumption in my previous comment. I assumed serious proof will be found against Trump, and he will be impeachment. But impeachment is possible without overwhelming proof too, it's just a matter of mutual agreement to stay truthful. If party opposing sitting president has enough seats, they literally hold the power to change the meaning of significant proof, to even fully fabricated proof. Then it's up to people to not support such move, and as we have seen with Republicans violating their own law against Russian sanctions, this is entirely possible in two party system.

Simply put - with a two-party system ranging over all checks of power and law, a strong enough support can make illegal the legal, and untrue the truth in the eyes of law. It's up to people to rally against these kinds of actions, and many prefer their party violating the system to the other party winning.
$C: Wouldn't impeachment mean he is pres until the real election? Impeachment doesn't spark a new election does it? And if it does, wouldn't the elected only be pres until 2020 when the real elecetion is?
$C: That rampaging blue wave would also ensure, if he kept himself out of the Russian influence and that is a huge if, he would be a lame duck President merely keeping the seat warm for the next person. 
$C: > At this point I would prefer competently evil over this garbage fire

Isn't that how you ended up in this mess in the first place?
$C: Honestly I'd rather see both of them gone and his entire cabinet and supreme court pick. As well as all his appointments to heads of departments - they are not trustworthy.
$C: Ah yes, the Evangaliban, also known as Y’all Qaeda and Vanilla ISIS
$C: As much as Pence is the worst kind of person that can be a president. He is not a traitor. (hopefully that is)

Impeachment must only be saved for national security concerns, it is not a political tool.
$C: You say that like he's running for office.  He already is 1 impeachment away from president.  He's not as stupid as Trump and his heart is darker. 
$C: Exactly this. The only policy of his own that trump has is the tariffs. Everything else is him just being bossed around.
$C: I did not say that.
$C: [removed]
$C: https://news.sky.com/story/mother-and-grandmother-who-let-teen-rot-to-death-jailed-11434284

Yes there is. Enjoy.

Edit : I did get one part wrong, they got 4, 3 and 1.5 years, not 4, 2 and 1.5
$C: You going to dig up some more voters? 
$C: stop making excuses and trying to discourage people.           
     
If people in stricter regimes and in more danger go out and protest with success, then americans can do it too. You guys are champions at making excuses
$C: Dana White, affectionately known as the egg. 
$C: What's better? 
$C: What is the best one in your opinion, and why? 
  
If Reddit is the one with more users and content why are you criticizing the users who support the service? 
  
If you like the users and the content it just makes no sense to want them to stop supporting Reddit just because YOU are butthurt with the Admins for some reason.

$C: I'm not paying that much to go on Life Saving Surgery 2!
$C: [The sounds really bring it all back](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KC6VuaCWa7I)
$C: "This path is disgusting"
$C: Uncle Sam's wild ride has crashed!
$C: that's not rain.

/or in Trump talk: "That's rain"
$C: The American Dream has died in an accident on Uncle Sam's Wild Ride 1
$C: Huh? That guy looks like--what the fuck someome is grabbing me PUT ME DOWN!

NO NOT IN THE WATER--
$C: John D. has drowned!
$C: Aww you don't rip up the cover or draw on it first?
$C: H.R. always staffed by the biggest sjws around.
$C: No it's a hard decision if you care about doing the right thing.. 
$C: They mean it would be a hard decision for someone with a conscience.
$C: *appeals

And it wouldn't cost so much if we eliminated appeals for people who are undeniably guilty like serial killers and mass shooters.
$C: It's like behavioural Darwinism. Those that don't disappear, so you end up with only those that abuse the new system.
$C: No they weren't.
$C: I dont know why everyone is down voting you, it's a fact. Yes it's hard to accept treating your employees like shit is incentivized by profit, that's why we have and need labour laws.
$C: You do realise you're quoting Wall Street's most profitable. Not world market most profitable? So you do actually understand that the majority of companies listed will be American or US subsidiaries of global companies? If you had used this source instead, you would have been far more credible.

https://www.investopedia.com/articles/investing/022415/worlds-top-10-economies.asp

Or maybe use the Forbes 2000 list which doesn't really look so good for the US

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Forbes_Global_2000

$C: Whoa, a judge is required to fire workers in your country? Do you mind stating the country you live in? I've never heard of such staunch protection of worker's rights and livelihood. 

As an American resident I've never felt job security, even in positions where I'm leading the project or otherwise I'm the key person needed to continue. I know businesses make stupid decisions to get rid of a person even to the project's detriment so I am not immune.
$C: You put that well, and while I don't *exactly* agree with you, I'm not too sure why you're being downvoted. You just expressed your opinion *and* contributed to the conversation. Nothing hostile or rude.
$C: agreed. Just because my business accepted your application doesn't mean that you are entitled to anything except pay/benefits. I have had great interviewers who were actually shit workers who tried to say I unlawfully fired them.  No, I fired you because I wrote you up 3x in the first two weeks.  
$C: This attitude is part of why America is so bad. The courts are supposed to be like parents or referees to settle problems into the most just compromise. Refusing to use that set of referees gives all of the power to the cheater.
$C: Mom’s comin round to put it back the way it ought to be.  ^hopefully
$C: Corporate lives matter! 
$C: America is probably still the best place to reinvent yourself, glad you take it in stride. :)
$C: But that's not the case anywhere in America, so it doesn't apply in that context.
$C: > In many places in Europe, you're under yearly employment contract that have to be negotiated to get out of.

Huh? Where?
$C: Otherwise what? I work on contract in Canada, and it says I have to give two weeks notice, but, if another job shows up, and needs me to start tomorrow paying more. I will just leave.

They may withhold my pay... but that makes sense, since I no longer work there.
$C: Yay Texas!
$C: I agree, which is why I specifically separated individuals, the whole and the fact that it's based on reddit's perspective. But I do also think that the whole/society is atleast somewhat representative of people who reside within and compared to virtually every other first world nation, US's social structures and systems are a tad lacking. 

Now, I don't live there so why do I care? Well for one, media is dominated by the US so a lot of dialogue is around what's relevant to the US (Reddit for example). Secondly, it's good to recognise what's good and bad about every country so come election time we can make a better choice for our own affairs; US political shitshow has definitely made me more interested in our own country's politics for instance.
$C: "contributing" to the discussion.
$C: It's human nature, bred into us by evolution because forming groups was beneficial for us, and you can't do that if you're always fighting. It will never change. Get used to it.
$C: You changed the wording to make yourself feel better, but you're still licking boots to avoid being punished. You're such a good person.
$C: Even if you are the fastest  pencil-picker-upper in the world, you still wouldn't have been in your seat when the bell rang. 
$C: It seems like you're holding on to this past what is healthy. I imagine the teacher had a rule and you broke it. If you were within 2 seconds of being late without dropping it, you were playing it very tight to begin with.

Are there things you could have done to be a few seconds earlier? 
$C: The reason was because I wasn't technically in the room when the bell rang. Meaning I was late. Not because I dropped my pencil. Though I was right in the door frame and was only late because of a minor inconvenience. The teacher still abused authority and was being totally unfair considering it's not like I was 5-10 seconds late, I was a split second late. That's the point where I think a teacher really needs to cut some slack
$C: That's why I say...

>I can see a teacher refusing constant tardiness / uninterested students

Not saying that he *has* to be allowed, but I kinda am. Unless he's interrupting class (which I **really** doubt a split second will do the difference) I don't really see that much of a justification for it, it was clear that he was reasonably on time.

If he was a constant A+ kid, then it's a petty / bullshit detention. If he was always late then I guess he was constantly late for class by more than 10 seconds and skipping, cutting it back to less than a second is close enough for me to disregard and admit him to my class. If he was always late, I'd think I would set a better example by not admitting him when he's indisputably late (as in class is already rolling) contrary to when he actually made an effort to come and just dropped his pencil. That's how you kill any remaining interest on the subject.

Besides, if he was worried about class time I can assure you he lost much more time telling OP to fuck off than just ignoring him. If I were a teacher, unless you're hindering my class by arriving late I'd rather haveyou  on my class than skipping because you dropped your pencil, regardless of your performance as long as it's higher than 0.
$C: No joke, I'm fairly sure that was the first time I was ever late for a class. The teacher was just super strict about those rules. This was a choir class and I loved choir. I was never late for that class once until that day. If I was ever late for class at any point before that, it wasn't for that specific class cause she gave detention to ANYBODY who was late. I'm not making that up.
$C: I was given detention once cause I was walking through the door as the bell rang. Some teachers are just assholes. My detention date was after the holidays. So I completely forgot about it, missed it and got in-school suspension instead
$C: If their only goal in life is to show up in time they might be ok ;-)
$C: And you don't seem motivated to do anything about either.
$C: I completely forgot I was in a political post lol. Fingers are crossed too, man
$C: I think they love how America used to be. Surely you agree that America today is not the same as America in 1945, and if you disagree, then would you be in favor of reverting America back to the laws it had in 1945?

So it's an interesting statement... do they hate America, or do they simply reminisce for how America used to be, and hate what it has become?
$C: > You hate your own country more than Mexico/Syria/*insert “third world shithole” here*.

What in the hell are you talking about?

1. Contextual OP said *nothing* about hating anyone.

2. As a parallel, I'm not a citizen of your country, and even *I* don't hate the US. At most, I pity you, for having been victimised so thoroughly by a Russian intelligence operation.
$C: > You hate your own country

Everyone here hates their government, because they love their country. Your government is the opposite of what your country is, your government serves (or must serve) your country and if it doesn't, you have every right to hate it.
$C: You are brainwashed.
$C: Explain your logic.  It escapes me.
$C: I seriously fucking mean it.

Categorizing *accurate* description of the GOP's present and ongoing behavior isn't extremist, but I'm sure you're going to categorize it as that in an effort to muddle the issues. They value victory of their party over the health and strength of the nation; their base is more preoccupied with "liberal tears" than they are with scientific fact, or the present constitutional crisis that *their guy* is at the center of.

The GOP's base actively and overtly states *complete hatred* of ~51% of voters. The GOP's leadership actively aids and abets ongoing violations of our independence and democracy.

They are the party of hatred and tribalism masquerading as jingoism. The Democrats--the party trying to assert our independence and democracy, and uplift *every* American--are the party of patriotism.
$C: Nothing that has happened in the past year and a half refutes what he said.
$C: Just because I don't know, what's the difference in state capitalism and socialism? Would it be more akin to communism? Is it a synonym for communism? Does the state run all the businesses and divide profit amongst it's branches? I don't understand at all.
$C: There's definitely some taint.
$C: You are not wrong. It's been a very long day. It all made sense in my head. And I can explain better in the morning but I will try some extra effort now. Let's say A is the nation and B an external manipulating force. That doesn't equal a democracy (C) + a population (P). 

(Typing it out now I got C and P mixed up. Hopefully you kinda get better where I'm going with all this)

Either way, the whole point being, again back to the Locke quote, because a leader was elected outside of a pure election, I agree with him, that decisions, nominations, and executive orders should be rescinded because they have ultimately be influenced outside of the democracy and the whole thing should be scrapped. 

I'm just digging a bigger hole for myself. Ive got it. Call me a traitor and take my internet points. 
$C: Read the Locke quote - it's pretty clear. No math required. 
$C: Presidents aren't elected in a vacuum. It can easily be argued that swaying the presidential race also significantly effects every other election.
$C: Yeah, I chatted to a law student friend of mine and actually it sounds like you're right. This is a bit surprising to me, I take it back tho.

The process of this all would be messy as FUCK tho. wow.
$C: Other than Trump, I have heard no other claims of voter manipulation ending up in voter fraud. Care to elaborate? Who else was elected through potentially illegal means?
$C: "I'm very sympathetic to your concerns, but the thing is,  you can eat the corn out of my shit.  We won the big game.  Our tax bill will fuck you and your family and I don't give a fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck " - Your conservative representative
$C: Oh, sorry man!  It's hard to tell when people are making legit claims about this kind of stuff, what with "Islamic" being such a negative buzz word for most Trump supporters.  Didn't mean to be rude!
$C: I must say I find it funny this guy jumped on you for touting the fact that the man is a scholar. It's like he didn't bother to read the comment at all.
$C: Really want a start? Go to PoppinKREAM. He knows what's up. 
$C: Okay let me take a second here to say I appreciate that you aren’t calling me a Libtard or snowflake. For a second I thought you might simply be someone confused about the state of politics. But it has become clear to me your mind is made up and you are phrasing questions that you believe you have the answers to. If this is the case I don’t know why you ask them. I have appreciated this discussion thus far so I’ll continue.

Attacking one side of the aisle is an issue. Attacking ANY side of the aisle is an issue. Foreign governments and agents should have 0 influence upon American politics. This is an idea you can trace back to John Locke.

Second, the GOP is not interested in mending relationships. They ran America first, quite the opposite of repairing relationships. Trump has shredded relationships with the EU, has entered a trade war with China, has insulted Mexico, and placed tariffs on Canada. If you want to explain to me how any of those relationships have been mended I’m glad to hear it.

Third, Russia is not a super power, it hasn’t been since the fall of the Soviet Union. The only aspect they still hold a high world ranking in is Nuclear Weaponry. They don’t rank in economics, education, military might, tech, or soft power. Mending relations only works when they aren’t actively murdering journalists, cyber attacking our power grids, and subverting democracy.

“Everyone loses their minds?”

I wish, so far no one has seemed to care an American institution was attacked by Russian agents. Seems there are more commies in America these days.
$C: "Interested in mending relationships" == taking money from Russian oligarchs?
$C: Anyone who thinks Russia is a "superpower" hasn't been keeping up. It's a shitty country with a GDP smaller than Texas. They make *nothing* the world wants except maybe some rockets. Putin raised the pension age, government coffers are fucked dry by the Putinistas. It's a shitty place and getting worse.
$C: Thank you for a rational response.

So it really boils down to which known liar do you believe less.

Which as far as I can tell, splits near-perfectly on pro/anti-Trump lines.

$C: [deleted]
$C: I think this is the step we're lacking at this point.
$C: "Now, you're going to feel a bit lighter around the neck area. Be prepared for that if possible."
$C: You could make a religion out of this!
$C: I'm ok with this.
$C: 107€ for 800km in a little more than 3 hours (with 2 stops on the way). Gotta say, it's nice.

And if you're not trying to go somewhere at he same time most people go to and come from work (like 9am or 6pm), you can get tickets as low as 10€ for a 350km, 1h28 ride at 300km/h. You can litterally go eat a burger 350km from home and the round trip will cost you 20€ and take less than 3 hours.
$C: ‘Sometimes don’t run on time’ is a really nice synonym for ‘no trains for 3 days every week during 3 months’. And yes, I’d rather pay more than have to cancel my trip because both SNCF and CGT are a bunch of retards
$C: I don't recognize what you're saying in French demonstrations at all. From what I've seen they don't have charismatic leaders, and the goals are often simply protecting existing worker's rights. I'm not in France though, so am I missing something? 
$C: Maybe we should put a call in to Macron.
$C: The French never would have helped if the Americans didn't demonstrate that they were fully capable of opposing England effectively.  We never would have won without France's help, but it's not like we were a puppet either.
$C: Ya but it went too far past the tipping point. The public is going to erupt. We will see the largest protests in US history.
$C: I'm French and he's right, though. And France only helped them because it inconvenienced England, and wouldn't have helped if they knew it would bring about our own revolution.
$C: The American Revolution did influence the French Revolution.
$C: Of course it’s not, but I have been looking at the replies to his tweets for months and I have seen a shift. Like I said, I think that means something. 
$C: I would be protesting every Saturday. 
$C: By voting, you lend credibility to the current democratic system. 

The system is broken, your participation in that broken system lends it legitimacy. When you realize that the system does not work for you, the logical decision is to tear down the system. The first step in that is not adding credibility to that system. 
$C: Presumably a low voter turnout is a symptom of the voters disapproving of the candidates. A responsible party *should* try to understand why they got lower turnout and attempt to appeal to voters to get more to show up at the next elections. 

I'm not sure it works this way though there's some logic behind it. Then there's also the question of whether it's worth it or not. At this point, any responsible person should come to the conclusion that it's not worth it. 

I didn't like Hilary or a lot of candidates either, but I'd vote for a literal donkey at this point before a Republican
$C: By voting, you lend credibility to the current democratic system. 

The system is broken, your participation in that broken system lends it legitimacy. When you realize that the system does not work for you, the logical decision is to tear down the system. The first step in that is not adding credibility to that system. 
$C: Yeah I get the social media thing, of course there’s no truly reliable, completely neutral source, especially on social media. News will generally report on whatever’s controversial and will almost always blast things out of proportion, left or right-leaning.

And maybe the Trump-spam is why people think lobbying is happening. I mean like you said, if he’s all they report on, where does anybody else come in? 15-second commercials?
$C: Ok champ you seem to have it all sorted the world holds its breath
$C: Often what happens is, that a small protest gets squashed by the police. The footage of that causes outrage and the it is full on rioting. Greece is the perfect example of this. A 16 yr old kid was shot by the police and the riots did not end for months.

Now obviously kids are shot the police daily in the US - so I guess that would not make as much of an impact. But you get the picture.
$C: You know what?  I don’t care what your cause is.  Fact of the matter, the world lacks good leaders .  If you want something to happen, go do it !  You can figure it out if you care enough :)
$C: Then perhaps the first thing to protest for is worker rights which will protect their jobs, allowing them to unionize and then the entire group can protest together. 
$C: An invisible chain binding you to their wheel. *Work, peasant! Never complain!*
$C: Slaves got food and a roof. What a blessed existence they had, *so long as they obeyed the rules.*

You know, when your founding father decided to make your country *your country* they didn't have guaranteed dinners or a roof over their heads. They went out and fought hungry in the cold *to make your country happen*.
$C: Which happens all the time with you trigger happy people. 
$C: Seriously I don't get it. I'm German and we have a pretty decent health care system. Everyone **has** to have insurance, you can't not have one. You even have one when unemployed. So with that back ground I was like "Wtf is wrong with those people" when I heard people saying Obamacare was communism and has to go.
$C: This poor soul is mentally deficient I would not encourage it.
$C: I will also follow you and commit honda, to remove the shame I have brought to my family.
$C: Um, I think it's on everybody not just soldiers? Soldiers have a specific professional function. It's not civil protest. Soldiers are free to join civil protest, just as the rest of us are, but they don't have a special obligation to do that. At least, no more special obligation than all of us do at this point in time.
$C: It's like there aren't any options at all in between stay at home and hide, and take part and protests that are incredibly risky!

 Why, I bet nobody here is doing anything other than one of those two options. I bet nobody here is judging their own risk / benefit ratio for themselves, as far as participating in civil protest, or educating their friends and Neighbors, or running for office, or backing good candidates in their campaign.
$C: It's okay for people to judge their own level of acceptable risk and not join in excessively risky protest. There are* lots and lots of meaningful things to do other than that.
$C: > Bernie was more popular.

the same way that trump was more popular than Clinton, sure.
$C: > More progressive the country gets, the more it sucks being a worker, in the classic sense of the word. We can talk bullshit about factories and agriculture, but the fact is, there's a growth economy on services, not so much in the fields and processing lines.

I'm not going to disagree with this, but then again - accepting the fact that you and I, and others, know where the growth economy is - who in their right mind would say "let's focus on factories and agriculture"? It's obviously a losing bet in the long term and the only reason why one would say that is politician politics (i.e. trying to be elected), not intelligent or long term politics. Maybe these will sound like harsh words, but these sectors are mostly dead or dying.

Instead, we should accept and acknowledge the fact that "factories and agriculture" are - for the most part - a thing of the past, and start training people in other skills instead. That's not free, but then again nothing is free, and our nations should be reasonably OK to invest money for the future of their population (you would think).

And then, because tech & service companies need so much more manpower in the service sector than they currently have, it doesn't matter if you are not a 20 years old with 10 years experience. Companies will take what they can get, i.e. a reformed factory-worker who accepted to convert to services will do just fine. Realistically, nobody thinks every profession in every sector is sustainable, but I think if we focus on those areas where we know we can make money/have growth (and try to provide ways for regular workers to join on that journey), then even the most reluctant of employees who would never work on anything else but a production line would end up at the very least on benefits of some sort (subsidised by the more profitable sectors). Not an ideal situation, but certainly better than having a whole nation of "left behinds" because of the will of a few. The truth is most people aren't that stupid that they can't learn to be an average worker in any field.
$C: The celebrations were great. Everyone was enjoying the moment and had a good time. A few people broke things here and there but not remotely as close as what Bild would have you believe
$C: I tried googling it and I couldn't find anything.
$C: Just vote him out first ;)
$C: How is it even possible that one can claim that Americans are in some sort of uniquely historical situation that makes it impossible to revolt or demonstrate?

Do you really seriously believe America has it harder in terms of protesters rights - than say in [the communist dictatorship of Romania in 1989](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Romanian_Revolution), or [the communist dictatorship of China in 1989](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tiananmen_Square_protests_of_1989) ... or [anywhere else](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_revolutions_and_rebellions#1980s) outside of the coddled western world?

It is not two years since [South Koreans managed to demonstrate 3+ months in a row to get rid of their corrupt piece of shit president](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2016%E2%80%9317_South_Korean_protests), and [their working weeks](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Working_hours_in_South_Korea) makes the US working week look like a stay in a holiday resort. 

I'm so tired of these excuses. Y'all are American Cheez Whiz eating surrender monkeys.
$C: Very suspicious username
$C: Who do you think has who "by the balls" when it comes to Trump and Putin?
$C: This. The only way for a vote in America to make an impact is to vote with your dollars. If we were to collectively stop spending our dollars on things that we don't need, the businesses would hear us and direct their lobbyists differently.
$C: You do realize how *big* the USA is, right? A countrywide strike would be almost impossible to organize on that scale. It would almost certainly require something like guerrilla warfare, or another revolution, or an armed holding of the capitol. Last time we had a civil war we killed a full 50th of our people. Because it fits so poetically, *we killed a state's worth of people*. Our infrastructure can literally be a week apart. Things produced on one coast are needed on the other. *Food alone* does this. We have megafactories we could shut down, but we have a *lot* of them. We have so much land that an entire campus can protest and most of the population would never hear about it if it wasn't blasted across the country by a major news network. People in *state* might not even hear about it.

I feel too that we're not doing enough. But we don't have the tools most places in Europe do (in the sense of practice of using them) either. It's not as simple as "shut down your country and people will listen".

Edit: Curse Reddit's new commenting system. Formatting fixed.
$C: How could we ever do anything Countrywide when all this Administration has done is divide our people in every way possible?!?! Everyone hates someone. They hate your color... they hate your religion... they hate your socioeconomic status... If only we could see past that bullshit and actually fight against our common enemy. 
$C: Protests which are big enough to block the streets in cities do get attention. I think it depends a lot on how the media handle the coverage. Miners here protested for months, quite violently, but they didn't get much sympathy and nothing changed. Sometimes the pressure works sometimes not. They do work to keep something a bit more alive as an issue, the issue is talked about much more, if the media agree on some kind of action it can be difficult for a government to avoid doing something as it doesn't want to lose votes..
$C: Don't do that.  I mean, you can definitely be passionate and maybe even aggressive but surely violence isn't the way.
$C: I saw a protest today while driving to a friend's house. It was at a Korean war memorial i believe, i guess they picked that spot because it's vaguely associated with the government. Tbh i found it almost hysterical, people waving around signs hoping that people driving by are going to change their opinion. To try to argue that they even had any affect on someone, or in general had any affect on the big picture of things is delusional. At the end of the day, they put away there signs, feel a bit better about themselves, and nothing changes. People expect and want change fast, and usually give up after awhile. It's important to note that something as influencial as the civil rights movement lasted 12 years. Simple protests don't work. 

Edit : i don't support violence, nor do i think violence is an actual viable solution. That's a bit radical imo. 
$C: > Be more violent. It’s the only thing idiots ~~respond to~~ do.

FTFY
$C: You’re crazy if you think 40k out of 100k Americans would be protesting anywhere. Out of 100k, I guarantee you 30k are just fine with what’s happening, 60k are perturbed but value their jobs or feel protesting is futile, and maybe 10k would care enough to go out, but only around half of them would be able afford to get there or take off work. 

There are currently no protests scheduled where I live and the next major city is 4 hours away. That’s the reality for a ton of us. 
$C: The country was in good hands with Obama and the Democrats. Not perfect but much better than we are now. And much much better than the Bush Administration.
$C: Reddit should not censor these subs. Only stuff  that's truly horrible like rape, child porn and such. In the end the people on the Donald are people with an opinion. That opinion can be hateful but they are allowed to have it.


$C: Super ignorant.  
$C: Reddit grew on donations for a long time. They're only now beginning to moderately bring in subtle advertising. Which is mostly difficult for the business to obtain due to the lack of user data collected on the site. If people stop donating to Reddit they will have no choice but to seek out more and more advertisement.

https://www.investopedia.com/articles/investing/093015/how-reddit-makes-money.asp
$C: Reddit is owned by a larger being. It would not be sustainable without outside investment, obviously. I never stated Reddit was solely donation funded. The simplicity of the Reddit format is so easily replicable that Reddit has only allowed a certain amount advertisement at any time to reduce user annoyances and sustain the user base from leaving. 

Reddit is somewhat anonymous, you do not need to give a name, email or phone number to actually sign up. It's possible to organise and sell broad statistical user data, but it's almost impossible for Reddit to sustain a database of significant user information when all the users are borderline anonymous. It's one of the reasons why Reddit has such an issue with attaining advertisement at the moment, compared to Facebook or YouTube. I also said to donate to what you feel serves you best, Reddit will only remain the way it is if people donate, otherwise it would fall for fully advertisement/user identified format. I don't know why this is so difficult to comprehend. 
$C: You vote for democrats you get conservative centrists you vote for republicans you get radical conservatives, fuck em both
$C: Thank you. 

We’ve got to stop letting perfect be the enemy of good. 
$C: And the cycle continues....
$C: If there’s an actual dog that might be able to oust a republican, vote for that dog.  It really couldn’t be any simpler this time around, “both parties are bad” is the bullshit that got us here in the first place.
$C: "don't just blindly vote democrat" is going to be the russiantroll rally cry for the next couple days because of comey a long time republican telling everyone to vote democratic this election. 
$C: I think the idea is we stop focusing on party and instead vote for quality. I'd rather have people who have our best interests at heart in power than simply who can beat the other side. Trump was that, for the Republicans, the one who was popular and could win, look how that turned out.

I'd rather have had anyone but him.
$C: It is a fine balance though. As mad as you are right now, imagine being that mad but as a republican. That is how bad it could well be when and if Trump is ejected.

I personally believe that dems and republicans are good parties for opposition, but republicans need quite a bit of reform to bring the balance back. I'm not sure electing some green party, stone age, Ralph Nadar guy is the right move, but hopefully both sides can realize that compromise is needed to kill this polarisation bullshit.

I suppose right now, that blue wave idea might well shock the republicans into that realization. I can hope.
$C: Please calm down with the Russophobia Russia does not want to "own" America
$C: [deleted]
$C: I don't think we're that far gone yet. I feel like more people are engaged and care about the state of the government than ever before. A constitutional amendment on campaign finance could fix a lot of problems at once. Hopefully it would lead to the right people getting into office, rather than the one who can buy the most ads.
$C: If this were happening under Obama, Democrats would be just as outraged.

Either way though, this is an emergency and we have to vote for Americans who care about America more than worrying about balance politics right now. The Republicans are owned by Russia and they cannot be trusted.
$C: voting for the corrupt party because the other party might become corrupt in the future doesn't make a whole lot of sense.
$C: [deleted]
$C: There is substantial proof that Trump and the Republicans have colluded with Russia. There is no such evidence of any wrongdoing by democrats. Thanks for playing.
$C: Obviously not, but it looks like they are at least mostly pro-democracy and pro-America which is good enough for me right now. That’s the only litmus test I’m going on now. 
$C: They’re clearly a lot cleaner than the republicans 
$C: Here we go. I knew that the both sides are the same crowd would show up soon enough. Listen comrade, the FBI is confirmed Russian collusion on behalf of the Trump campaign and most likely the Republican Party. Whatever else you're talking about is a fantasy.

That false equivalence crap is exactly what Putin would like us to believe so that nothing will change and his little stooge can stay in office.
$C: Lol sure guy. Can I ask you a question: Can you ask your boss to not interfere with us, please?
$C: Well, when the FBI issues report to that effect maybe I'll believe it but until then, fuck off.
$C: What would you call the denaturalization task force, purging the VA of anybody who disagrees with Trump, purging the state department of anyone who disagrees with Trump, brokering a seat on the Supreme Court, among other things?
$C: Yea it’s not like our president holds rallies all the time like some sort of third world dictator. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: And your brain better be telling you that both sides are currently not equivalent. Just because the clear choice to avoid a becoming Russian satellite state happens to be 'Vote Democrat', doesn't mean it is a mindless party-line vote. Using you brain AND context is better than just your brain.
$C: Voting with your brain *is* voting against the worse of the two parties.  There’s no version of this where the GOP is the better choice.
$C: Yeah, you’re definitely right. I’m usually against straight-ticket voters, I think this election is just an exception where straight ticket demos are just kinda needed. But absolutely all people are people and shit, plus you gotta figure that one of these days, the Russians will activate their Democrat sleeper cells. 
$C: Yeah but it’s pretty hard to find a democrat that is against gay marriage.
$C: Yes, this election go trustworthy Democrat. Sorry I meant in the future
$C: Agenda 21
$C: [deleted]
$C: Threat Level Midnight: Second Term
$C: Yeah Putin is out to get him, can't poison someone else so he'll just do it the old-fashioned way
$C: I think you meant "DOH!"
$C: Ok so Martin Luther King Jr did peaceful protests are you saying he should have done it violently? Like I'm not fully comprehending what you are condoning. Violence isn't the answer when you want change (unless you want do a coup) and even then that won't change hearts and minds. Peaceful protests will with a message of love and equality and understanding for others. We as a society have become too polarized. Thinking violence is the answer is wrong and will only end with people getting hurt. 
$C: I knew you meant the ,small d kind of democratic because of the small d you used, and because it would make zero sense the other way.
$C: >Doesn't abolishing the electoral college seem unAmerican?  
>  
>There's no reason a vote should count less because of some made up lines written meant to benefit a political party. 

The electoral college makes some votes count less just like gerrymandering. If anything *keeping* the electoral college seems un-American.
$C: Maybe not abolish, but change the way electors are decided, which states are allowed to do. If enough states agree that electors are decided by whoever wins the popular vote, then in a roundabout way, popular vote would decide the President. 

P.S. agree on ending gerrymandering

Also, America is defined as a Representative Democracy. 
$C: How does this make sense? The electoral college is a holdover from when we couldn’t vote by popular vote because we didn’t have universal suffrage.

Just use popular vote. There’s no reason not to.

The electoral college is atrocious. It encourages turnout in politically split states (and gives these states enormous power and influence), and suppresses turnout in politically skewed states.

The only thing American about this system is its dysfunction and anachronism. We were in many ways a democracy prototype for subsequent democracies. It’s time to update this institution. 
$C: I’m also incredibly active in my local community where change happens on daily basis! Would recommend! 
$C: I say we should have proportionate representation style government 
$C: [Actually](https://www.nationalpopularvote.com/written-explanation), it may not require an amendment to render the electoral college useless.

They have an interesting plan.

Basically, since states are granted the right to decide how their electors vote, an interstate compact in which states that make up more than half of the electoral college’s votes all agree to vote for the winner of the popular vote rather than the winner of their state or district.

This is would make the popular vote the deciding vote without the need to pass an amendment.
$C: I totally understand what you're saying but that's only going to serve to continue the cycle of polarization. Recent psychology has shown people whose beliefs are tied with emotion will not change their opinion when presented with fact but instead will dig in harder, just as GOP voters do. Further studies show republicans do in fact route their beliefs through their amygdala which processes fear and emotion. 

This is like walking between a momma bear to help her cubs and wondering why she couldn't just see you were trying to help. It's just not the what things work and we have to approach differently, but one things for sure: insulting, ignoring, and rejecting them will do nothing but make the problem worse.

Take the KKK for example. Arguably the most easily dismissed and universally shitty worldview that exists and if any is deserving of outright rejection, it's them. Chance of a rational conversation is nill and it's understandable to not even want to entertain a convo with them. And yet several black people have been able to meet with KKK members, have a long form conversation, befriend, and ultimately turn them. 

Our national leaders should stick to their policies and presenting reasonable solution to meet their ideals but it's up to us to bring individuals into the community and castigating is not the way to do it.
$C: The DSA doesn’t have anything close to the backing that the Tea Party had, though. There’s no Koch Brothers/lobbying money or major political voices (elected officials or media figures) championing them on like the Tea Party did almost immediately after Obama came into office. The closest thing is Bernie, and as much as he may ideologically align with them, he’s not a member and doesn’t formally work with or for them. At best they are in his periphery, and if anything he’s come to play a bigger, more prominent role within the Dem establishment, which the DSA is explicitly against  

I personally hope they become more and more powerful but I don’t see it happening in nearly the same way or nearly the same speed that the Tea Party took a fucking wrecking ball to the GOP
$C: I was saying that refusing to vote is as bad as having your vote wrongly taken from you.

If you're worried about losing your vote, choosing not to vote causes the problem you're worried about.
$C: Rackem rack Rackem rack, rackball
$C: Good, I'm glad. I get so annoyed at those that don't and then bitch about our government. 
$C: If it gets to that point, it’s too fucking late.
$C: There is also WAY too much corruption going on. We can’t keep up with it. I can’t possibly work both of my jobs, raise my kid and read and learn the details of everything. It’s practically a full time job to keep up with current events
$C: It is sad. Most people don’t see what’s going on. But most that do see it just don’t care. “It’s not going to matter” “we’re fucked anyway” 
The millennial attitude thing is real and it’s disgusting. I works with some guys who are not just content, they are actually enjoying the collapse and think it’s funny. 
$C: > And you're telling US citizens to revolt hence meddling in their political process as a foreigner?

Because every American in the thread is basically saying they don't know what to do, nothing they do is stopping them, and they just... seem to have zero direction. 

> You remind me of a horse riding, strong arming Ruskie... O_O

[Couldn't be, I can't ride a horse if my life depended on it.](https://i.imgur.com/rUsLDSv.jpg?1)


$C: I hope we wake up at all
$C: I definitely see your point. When it comes to Trump I feel like he’s a sociopath. His upbringing no doubt influenced his narcissism but I think he would be this way regardless.
$C: Why not both Trump taking advantage of and embodying right-wing deceit propaganda *and* a decades long smear campaign?
$C: That's 1, he said the dems were trying to delete half. 10÷2=5. Fucking trailer park trash, open a book!, maths preferably.
$C: Thanks for the copypasta link spam. Not suspicious at all that you had that prepared.

And thanks for those links that confirm that your statement about the NRA was **100% libelous bullshit.**

>We have a Russian spy in custody who funnelled 30 million dollars to the Trump campaign from Russia through the NRA.

That statement contains not one but TWO blatant lies. You are a fucking liar. You know you're a liar. You knew when you wrote that that you had zero source for "30 million dollars to the Trump campaign from Russia" *and* you had zero source that that money came from Butina.

You made it up and lied.

You are literally exactly as bad as Russia you liar.

You even have propaganda ready to copy paste because you're fucking paid to lie on the internet.

Delete your account.
$C: Can you show us some examples in the US of when weekend (alone) protests have been successful on the national stage?

My feeling is that if businesses aren't disrupted nothing will happen. At least her in the US.
$C: Despite the second amendment literally telling people to rise up.
$C: >Prices of steel shot up 60% and people are getting hours cut if not laid off all together. 

If they produce & sell only 50% of what they had previously, the company is still profitable - bets on them eliminating higher wage/longer tenure workers first and the profit margin will expand further. The mill itself will continue to function at max profit and its owners/execs will all be fine I'm sure.
$C: I'm not sure what this means
$C: Protests are at most symbolic actions that really have very little impact beyond a brief feeling of solidarity, or maybe getting  some spineless politicians to flip  flop publicly. This statement is not to be confused with many republicans I know that abhor protesters, claiming all protesters are just lazy hippies that should get jobs. Protests are important, but there should be direct actions tied into them rather than just the usual "can I have a permit to protest you?". A general strike could be one ideal form of effective political dissent, but unfortunately here in the US a general strike is considered in the realm of fairy tales. 
$C: Because mostly Rebuplican voters, who elected him in the first place, have guns.
$C: [deleted]
$C: While I'm not disagreeing, you have to take into account the sizes of both countries.

America is fucking huge compared to a lot of the other countries in the comparison. Protests have been villainized in the past few years to the point that starting one is grounds for arrest or being shot if you are the wrong color. People are content as it is since the stuff happening currently does not inconvenience them much directly (Price increases have been happening for years so it's nothing new to them). They value their life more than the cause and are not willing to take the risk that comes with protesting (Losing your job for example, will make it difficult to find work in the same field, which is very tricky if you worked 3+ years and tons of debt to get trained for).
$C: My man, there have been big protests. I was just at one recently. They're all in the blue as fuck areas is all.
$C: Because we're powerless outside of voting.

Our police kill people everyday for no reason, our military has shown before they're not afraid to fire on American citizens (see Kent State). 50,000 people marching down Pennsylvania Avenue won't accomplish a damn thing, because as much as we want to yell and scream these bastards *will be in power* until at least the midterms. We can't march into representatives offices and rip them out of their chairs. 

America is not a democracy, it hasn't been for a while. The only things that matters to the average American politician is which group is lobbying them the hardest to fund their next campaign.

Donald Trump is not an example of a properly functioning executive branch. The checks on his power are laughable and will only worsen as he's allowed to nominate a second Supreme Court justice.

The Republic is being damaged further every day this Administration is allowed to exist. 
$C: > This response is everything that's wrong with America atm and why I've lost so much respect for you guys. I've never imagined that you'd give up so quickly.

My Congressional rep is a complete Trump puppet. He won't meet with his constituents, won't hold town hall meetings, won't debate his opponent in this year's race. He has, for all intents and purposes, abandoned the very people he was elected to serve (well, we can argue that he serves Trump and corporations, not the residents of his district...). Been this way for several years, it's not a new phenomenon.

The *only* means I have to communicate my displeasure through the "right" channels to be heard in Congress is to wait until November and hope that my guy beats him.
$C: I hate to get to violence, but this is literally what the second amendment is for.

A compromised government out of control of the democracy.

But guess who has more guns? Think that says not a strategic play by gop? 
$C: There ARE massive protests wtf.
$C: Oh no! We lost the respect of PM_ME_TITS_XOR_ASS, the greatest philosiphizer this side of the meth lab

$C: No we don't. We don't have to give one flying fuck about white supremacists, about racist, fascist pieces of shit, about traitors who consider breaking the law to collude with a hostile foreign power and manipulate our elections to be better than letting a *woman* become President. Fuck those people. I hope they feel so left out of the national conversation that they deliberately overdose on painkillers. Fuck them to hell.
$C: The right enjoys talk of mass murdering their enemies. Proof: /r/againsthatesubreddits      
$C: Protesting won't actually do anything until there's some sort of economic impact.  Need to do stuff like fuck up traffic for days at a time for something like that to be effective.
$C: America's fucking big. 
$C: And the republican base would have an effective enemy to rally around to ignore the shitshow of their party. 

Anything we do right now will allow them to circle the wagons. 
$C: With streets filled like the Freedom March, there is no way Trump will be in office more than 3 days no matter where he runs. 
$C: You mean Trump Tower.
$C: The big thing needs to start somewhere.
$C: So something like losing your vote in an election to Russian influence and letting democracy in your country drift away isn't big enough? UhHuhOkay.gif
$C: That's easy to say. But yet here we are.
$C: False.
$C: The republicans don't give a single shit if Democrats mass resigned. 

Hell, Trump hosted a guy, Ted Nugent, who called for all Democrats to be KILLED.
$C: > You think Vaclav Havel, MLK Jr or Mandela gave a fuck about polls?! 

Yes actually. You think they didn't know that their entire movement hinged on perception?
$C: And in my hometown of Pittsburgh there are protestors blocking traffic due to a police shooting of an unarmed suspect and the consensus among a lot of people is something along the lines of, "How dare the blacks inconvenience us with blocking traffic. We're just trying to get back to our house in the white suburbs. If you want to protest don't make it inconvenient for other people! We should run them down with our cars."
$C: It was awakening more-so, because I'm very implicit and unspoken about politics.  I own fire arms and advocate for control - so do most rational gun owners.  This guy does too, but also feels the pressure of a vitriolic political environment.  I don't think he'd ever do anything crazy really, but more-so symbolically remind 'liberals' who have the guns in case shit *does* go south.

He also invited me to join a militia is said case of shit hitting the fan.  I politely declined.  
$C: The culture and economy was WAY different in the 60s. People weren’t so strained if they missed work or lost their job. If they were radical at a protest, their picture wasn’t posted all over the internet until they were arrested/fired. There was a less of a focus on individualism/competition. And there wasn’t as much social isolation as there is today (which is ironic seeing as how we all are connected by internet). 

I’m not using this as an excuse to be idle, but I’m also going to be realistic and understand that a nationwide radical protest is probably not going to erupt over night.
$C: The issue isn't whether or not it's possible. Re-read the comment you're replying to.
$C: Prior to the advent of mobile phones, the internet etc people were less worried about being stalked by right wingers. 

Look what happened when the Red Hen politely asked Huckabee Sanders to leave. People threatened to murder the staff. 
$C: What happens when the workers don't need food or sleep or breaks except for maintenance twice a year?
$C: Where do you live?
$C: How exactly do those help with your current situation? You used to be good at protesting, you used to get your voice heard, now though? Not so much if at all.
$C: These accomplished nothing. Protesting for the sake of protesting is stupid.
$C: https://news.gallup.com/poll/203198/presidential-approval-ratings-donald-trump.aspx

He's at 43% approval right now and even more shockingly, 90% of Republicans approve and that's as high as it's ever been.
$C: Hell, Mandela was a literal terrorist, he didn't give a fuck about inconveniencing people. 
$C: > Did you read the OP article?

Nope.  :-)  I've gotten as far as reading 3 newspaper headlines at the grocery store today.  One of them was talking about people using "Treason" rhetoric.  2 didn't.  Ok whatever.

> How is it McCarthyism to take seriously the actions of confirmed Russian agents? To make provision to ensure this doesn’t happen again.

Nobody gets to "make things not happen again".  That's why they're *agents*.  People who are uncomfortable about the shadow realities of foreign interference in elections need to grow up.  If we don't have any *ballot stuffing*, we're doing fine.  Countries try to influence other countries, that's how the world works.  When people try to whip the public into a froth about such things, so that "The Russians!" can be the new hated bogeyman and point of political leverage / control, that's when it's like McCarthyism.  Russians historically served as a defined enemy, for *domestic* political consumption purposes.

$C: I finally read the article.  Talks about vague, unspecified "meddling".  That's pretty much always been the narrative.  "Meddling".  Never something concrete like *ballot stuffing* or *voter intimidation*.  Sounds more like propaganda campagins.  Know what?  *Both main parties* run propaganda campaigns all the time!  Then people vote, quite often solely on the basis of that propaganda.  Few people actually do their homework and fact find.  I know why too, because it's exhausting, and doesn't tend to change what other people around you think.

So far, sounds like Trump is guilty of going er, um, urr, dur.  Because he's an idiot.  And trying to cover his ass, doesn't want the election to *look* illegitimate.  I seriously doubt that any of this, at the end of the day, is going to make the election illegitimate *as a matter of law*.  Because nobody's actually talked about ballot stuffing, real votes thrown, this whole time.  *We aren't even in hanging chad territory.*

Know what though?  If something, *anything*, makes more people understand the guy's an idiot, *fine*.  Happy for it.  It gives me slim hope that tribalism won't reign supreme next election.  I expect him to get re-elected.  His tribe will double down on him no matter what.

$C: Before the election I had a long debate with a black man who was seriously anti-Clinton.  He would go on and on about how she threw black people under the bus in the 90s, using the "super predator" language to describe black criminals.  He could not possibly let any of it slide and insisted on holding her fully to account.  I was like, dude, have you looked into *Trump's* track record on race?

There are people who believe that Clinton conspired to have the Democratic primaries be undemocratic, rigged totally for her rather than Sanders.  And that she sabotaged the headquarters of his political campaign.  Something about databases, I forget the details.  There are *many* Sanders supporters who refused to vote for her afterwards.

"not any real valid reasons to dislike Hillary" is silly, this is a free country.  People can dislike her politics on this or that.  She's hawkish, for one thing.

As for "traitors", I will wait for news headlines of an *actionable impeachable offense*.  Cluelessness isn't itself a crime.



$C: That's ridiculous.  I'm an independent voter.  I don't like Trump *at all*, he's useless or even harmful on almost every issue.  But I didn't think Clinton was any great shakes, just way better than the alternative.  Putin is a tyrant.  Nevertheless geopolitics is *real*.

$C: [deleted]
$C: Holy ballsack Batman that is insane. Living in OK and MS I know how some small towns in the bible belt are, but that's insane. That mindset is so toxic, and is one of the many reasons I am not a fan of religion at all. 

I truly hope you get out of that situation. Because that's terrible.
$C: Ok let him protest so that he can become homeless after, when the likelyhood that it won't change anything is quite high. Great plan.
$C: No worries man, all the best.
$C: Anti Clinton =/= Anti American.
$C: You cant avoid some degree of responsibility. You elected the executive representation who ordered intelligence activities and your taxes funded them.

Like it or not, you are responsible. You have reaped the benefits of American interferance.

They acted on your collective behalf. You are implicated.


$C: Problem with concepts like justice is you have to share a moral framework first.
$C: *The arc of the moral universe is long, but it bends towards justice.* - Rev. Dr. MLK, J
$C: I am good at communicating ideas and facts, but the problem is when people refuse to listen.
$C: I probably could, but they are not worth the effort. 
$C: This is how I feel.
$C: Essentially, you cannot use reason to convince someone who does not subscribe to reason. A conclusion derived from irrational emotional kneejerk "my sports team" thinking can not be readily undone by the presentation of facts and reality, and the presentation of contrary information can [trigger a backfire effect](https://rationalwiki.org/wiki/Backfire_effect).


$C: Yep, conservative talk radio. The pre-Fox News.
$C: Or Rush Limbaugh, Howie carr, Sean Hannity....
$C: Coming as a Canadian, everything about the US right now seems lackluster.
$C: Trump supporters aren't exactly against American imperialism, I think.
$C: Ah good ole drone argument... It's literally the only thing Reddit hangs it's hat on when comes to Obama.  It's asinine.  The presidency has thousands of issues to address and Reddit comes up with one.
$C: Imperialist methods, what do you mean by that? Several additional questions if it is your thesis that Obama did this.

Who was the last great American president, that would be your model today?

Would you rather have boots on ground or drones in air?

Do you believe America has a responsibility to support its allies?

What was your opinion of the Rwanda crisis?

Additionally when you say Obama drones (droned) people—are you saying he had malicious intent to do this?

What should happen to terroists who have killed Americans?


You may not answer these questions b/c they may seem overwhelming or you just may not care—seeing as you were lazy with your first two facts.

The worldview you envision is myopic to say the least, specifically in the 21st century. 
$C: There's totally a reason a bunch of people including the sitting president believed the former president wasn't born in the United States, and it wasn't his winning smile. 

You can dislike Obama, but it's hard not to see that a lot of the *hate* was motivated by *hate.*
$C: Yeah  that is correct.... Hated him. Hated him? Hated him.

Your attempt at sarcasm leaves much to be desired. You don’t even recognize the word you used. Off the top of your head how many presidents have you “hated”? 


$C: Failing first to get better is literally how skills work.


$C: [removed]
$C:  "Our political views don't align so let's stop here before it gets to a shitstorm and hurt feelings." 

Pretty sure it does. 

You badshit crazy libs downvote anything with a different opinion 
$C: The indictment actually explains it pretty well. They used spearfishing to access the DNC. They sent employees and volunteers emails tricking them into giving up passwords and security details. They used that access to install malware that captured keystrokes. This way they got access to everything. 
They stole more than just emails. They also stole campaign analysis and data, basically the dems game plan which is very helpful to an opponent to have.
They also targeted state election boards, stole info on at least 500,000 voters, scary detailed info. They hacked into voter rolls in at least 21 states. In one case info was changed but caught and fixed before election. This matters because if info is changed people might have problems voting, lines will form and many will turn away. 

The emails were strategically released and Russian trolls and bots used to blow up anything that could be construed as negative. Note that emails were released 1 hour after the Hollywood access tape came out. 
Emails were known as a result of a crime being released by a foreign government to aid a candidate, quite illegal. They also weren’t even Hillary’s emails. 
The tape was neither illegally made nor released as far as I know. The content was extremely disturbing, especially in context with accusations of sexual harassment and assault where women claimed he “just started kissing them” and “grabbed them by the pussy”.

They didn’t need the servers. The third party company copied all info the servers provided and gave that to the FBI. They had all they needed. Judging by the indictment they got quite a lot of info from the hackers computers as well. 

Plenty of spies have been charged and convicted without there being declarations of war. 

I’m not sure on this part but I believe the Russians bought ads for $10.000. They reached about 180 million people. I don’t know how effective they were but there has been talk of micro targeting like Cambridge analytica was involved in. Using Facebook data to find out what users fear or care about and showing them ads and stories triggering those things.

Russian trolls and bots were and are everywhere. Pretending to be Americans and doing what they can to sow discord. They were blacks for Trump, Bernie bro’s, centipedes etc. They put quite a lot of effort into talking people into voting 3rd party or not at all. They didn’t just target potential Trump supporters.

It was a multifaceted attack on US democracy by a foreign government. Whether they got help remains to be seen but this is serious shit. It’s very worrying how little is being done to stop it from happening again. 
We don’t know how effective it was and we likely never will. Ads and campaigns have effect though and it was a very close election. Only ~80.000 votes in 3 states (combined) could have changed the outcome.
$C: like, proudly?
$C: We are all subject to bias. My media sources hid the illegals voting stories.  

All organizations have corruption. Just look at the DNC.  

We are all sinners. All of us.  

But, Trumpsters are evil and stubborn in ways that far surpass our usual shortcomings.
$C: It's justified. Fuck those genocidal pricks.
$C: Man i was high as shit when i wrote that, and just because it sounds strange doesnt mean its not true. 
$C: What about the mysterious network connection between Trump Tower and Alfa Bank?

https://www.cnn.com/2017/03/09/politics/fbi-investigation-continues-into-odd-computer-link-between-russian-bank-and-trump-organization/index.html

What about Maria Butina asking questions of Trump publicly, and Trump's oddly detailed response that immediately favors Russia?

https://www.elitedaily.com/p/this-video-apparently-shows-maria-butina-asking-trump-about-russia-its-wild-9785241

Trump has made many decisions that could be explained by his ego, but he's also made some that make no sense in that context.
$C: Facts deserve dismissal? Why am I not surprised?
$C: Sure, but until then, I'm going to play it safe and vote for candidates that will act as a check on the President until we get all the information.
$C: Republican propaganda and influence is way above anything that the democrats can muster. Think about how the same person owns major need networks in Australia, US, and Britain. If he wants to push a multi-national, singular agenda, he can. 
$C: The current trend isn't going in the direction towards where the definition has to be updated. The states will most likely always be a 1st world country, yep.
$C: But the sHouse and Senate would need a good reason to even attempt it, which... loops back to the question I posed at the start.
$C: For two years I've been smoking copious amounts of nature to sleep.  Saw someone on reddit a few days ago say "knowing history is like watching the present with the lights turned on".  That's painfully true.  Absolute nightmare knowing GRU as infiltrated so much, and is being actively assisted by a puppet spouting nazi hate.  Jesus Christ I want a time machine lol
$C: It's not just a sport, it's become a religion with sports mentality. A self identity and world-view, where referees calling a fowl is just bias or futher evidence of a conspiracy. It's really scary.
$C: I mean, LGBT would keep doing their rallies even if there was nothing to protest. Rallies are fun.
$C: “MAGA Buttsex” is the name of my new slam poetry collective. Not sure if you’ve heard of us.
$C: Fisting mostly, because puppet
$C: Celebratory buggery.
$C: They all bring a mum
$C: Passing the tax reform is a pretty big feather in his cap, and getting two SC seats filled.

Like, I still think your general point is correct.  Largely, the Trump administration has spent its energy drilling its head into various walls, which is impressive given that the Republicans have all three branches of government.

But the tax reform is still pretty major.  The last one was what, 35 years ago?
$C: All over. The caged Hillary in Iowa was funded by a Russian agent.
$C: But only while white, male, and straight.
$C: There's no shame in being wrong.i see strength in admitting faults.

I think they might just be ashamed that their ideology and politics' a disgusting pile of shit.
$C: [removed]
$C: Ok no offense to you. But I was asking more of a rhetorical question to the above poster :)

I only say that because I'm not looking for a debate with ya. But what you said is illogical friend.
$C: Yep authoritarianism would be a better term 
$C: Sometimes I think of the spectrum as a
Circle. Because the opposite sides start to overlap on many of their behaviors 
$C: And his hair. Excuse me, "hair"
$C: I see it on Facebook still, but I think most of us on the left have grown past the stupid insults now that there is a shit-ton of legitimately concerning stuff going on. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: I don't subscribe to that shit sub for obvious reasons so I missed that, but.... I notice how you automatically lump me in with a bunch of far right republicans simply because my comment didn't align 100% with your narrative.

More divided than ever, more ignorant than ever. Thanks for making my point.
$C: I see it as the equivalency, however. The only difference is LSC hits the front page several times a week. Both of them block essential information, both of them are detrimental to facts.
$C: The latest win in the battle to MAGA:



[Trump EPA eases standards for coal ash disposal](http://thehill.com/policy/energy-environment/397619-trump-admin-eases-standards-for-coal-ash-disposal)



>The Trump administration started easing some standards for how companies discard coal ash, the toxic substances left over from burning coal.



>Wheeler was previously a lobbyist whose clients included coal mining company Murray Energy Corp. Murray opposed the 2015 rule, though Wheeler has said that he didn’t lobby the EPA for two years before his April confirmation as deputy administrator.




>Under the amendments made Wednesday, states or the EPA will be allowed to waive requirements for monitoring groundwater for potential leaching of coal ash under certain circumstances and to issue some certifications that previously had to come from professional engineers.




>**The EPA is also easing acceptable pollution standards for four substances in its groundwater monitoring requirements for coal ash: cobalt, lithium, molybdenum and lead.**





>In addition, the EPA is extending deadlines by which companies have to stop putting additional ash in waste facilities if groundwater pollution spikes or if the waste facilities are too close to aquifers.



Woooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!! MAGA!!!!!!!!!!!!Woooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!


Take that librulz!!!!!!


[Childhood Exposure To Lead Can Blunt IQ For Decades, Study Suggests](https://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/2017/03/28/521644395/study-suggests-childhood-exposure-to-lead-can-blunt-iq-for-decades)




Wooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

$C: The Zero Hedge article is absolutely not 'middle of the road'. It's clearly an opinion piece with a heavy bias. There's nothing wrong with opinion pieces, or bias for that matter, but those type of articles should be taken with a grain of salt. 

There are a ton of assumptions and layered judgements in that article without supporting evidence. For example, why is lawyer put in quotations? Was magnitsky not a lawyer? Where's the evidence of that? 

Again, nothing wrong with reading these type of sources, but one must be critical of where the information comes from, and the bias it presents.

Putin himself has now come out and said he mispoke, it was $400, 000 he says now. A 1000 x difference...

Is that not suspisious in and of itself? He somehow mixed up $400 000 and $400 million? 

And do you not see a difference in donating to a campaign and a charity? Right away Putin has misrepresented the situation, why would anyone then trust him on anything? And what's wrong with donating to the foundation, or the campaign for that matter? As far as know that's not illegal, it's done all the time.

I'm not really interested in going back and forth, and have zero interest in discussing Obama, I'm only challenging you to find the answer to your own questions by reading a wide range of information and engaging with it critically. 
$C: Heh, that reads like a Mitch Hedberg joke.
$C: r/TopMindsOfReddit
Originally a subreddit for criticizing bad conspiracy theories, but increasingly a haven for refugees from r/Conspiracy following the Donald takeover. 
$C: Please share, I've been wondering exactly that
$C: What happened
$C: I feel the exact same way. Used to enjoy browsing there. 
$C: >Only idiots and operatives deal in absolutes

Well, that's an absolute... 
$C: I was banned for calling the mods out on obvious pro Trump bias. I appealed it months later when they had come to their senses a bit and was told "we have more than enough subscribers who are solely interested in politics." Fuck you. Fuck them.

Edit: Appealed not repealed 
$C: Now I have the high horse!
$C: only sith deal in absolutes
$C: I stayed on as long as I could because I liked that sub. Conspiracies are fun. But they really took it over hard. At some point last year, I just couldn't take it anymore. 
$C: *goodly, fairly and bigly
$C: Oh I agree, it can be way overboard, but it’s a conspiracy forum. Of course there are extremists. I’m just talking about the stuff that gets upvoted that seems to be majority opinion. Most would say that denouncing the Jewish faith actually diminishes a legitimate point; that Israel is above criticism, thus controls decisions of major powers and does generally whatever the hell they want.
$C: [deleted]
$C: I'm definitely skeptic, but I'm not going to try to sway anyone or prove anything -- especially on this thread. Anyways, I did try Googling, but I only found a video that seemed to challenge your recommendation. I'm watching it now. What do you think of it?

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QbpP621JF5I
$C: Ex-soviet in the 90s I think it was, discussing the long term goals of Russia to destroy the United states 
$C: The kind of stuff that you're talking about is exactly the type of stuff I expect from 4channers.  I really don't think it's surprising that they attained the level of notoriety that they have.  They're highly experienced trolls who grew up on the internet.  Russia merely adopted the darkness, 4chan was born in it.
$C: You are ignoring the fact that Trump doesn't give a shit about Puerto Rico.  He doesn't give a shit about those people and it showed in his lack of response.  You're the hack.  
$C: Wrong, it was decided by a veto-proof republican Congress while Clinton was president, he delayed it legally every 6 months. Trump is the one who decided to actually go through with the move. 
$C: Because it had been deliberately stalled as everyone else knew it would stoke a crisis in the Middle East. 

>How does one stoke tension in an already occupied war zone?

You don't.
$C: Thanks, although maybe we could have a little debate over the “shithole countries” remark being racist? I think that theres nothing inherently wrong with saying that you don’t want people from impoverished, crime-ridden or politically different countries (say for instance Venezuela being socialist, pretty sure our government doesn’t take to that with open arms) in America. Maybe he means there that there’s people from better off countries who probably statistically generate more wealth than those who immigrate to America with little (or different) education, money, and knowledge of main languages or values.
$C: Apparently! Someone gave me a couple a couple examples though. 
$C: Yes white supremacists endorse a candidate every election cycle. Do you think they never get involved in politics?! 
$C: I always do, just so I don’t become complacent. I see a lot of exaggerated or flat out **false** accusations about Trump. Little stuff that shouldn’t be made up, especially given all the actual bullshit he does on a weekly base worth criticism.
$C: ... are you trying to say they converted?

Because they're dead. They're so many years long past dead. Hence "Jesus was Jewish." He didn't stop being Jewish, he stopped being *alive*.
$C: I don't quite follow what you're saying. 
$C: If that's your definition of Christian, then there are a miniscule number of Christians in this country - and I'd wager quite a few of them are atheists or Buddhists - or Mormon.

It stops being a useful term at that point.
$C: The religious right hate skilled manual labour?
$C: Sorry, but can you give a source for that? Not that I necessarily don't believe you, but it's quite something to claim.
$C: Maintaining your honor while being literally surgically tortured IS what makes him a hero.

Maintaining his code and oath while in some of the worst conditions in the world, being starved, beaten, bones broken repeatedly, permanently crippled, and more is a heroic thing to do.

The fact that you don't seem to understand that honor and oaths are as valuable as what you sacrifice for them, how hard they are to keep, boggles my fucking mind.

Courage is measured by what it is tested by. He was not a coward while suffering horrible torture. 
$C: DISCLOSING INTELLIGENCE TO A FOREIGN GOV IS TREASON


YOU CAN LEGALLY START BEHEADING PEOPLE NOW
$C: To be fair the US does it quite a bit as well.
$C: We have with sanctions. We've ruined their economy.
$C: Well, he hasn't made it to Carnegie Hall yet... Rome wasn't stolen in a day, you know.
$C: You created an account just for this comment?
$C: Oh what the fuck ever. You know saying you're not defending something and then going on to defend it is ridiculous, right?
$C: Their own.
$C: Their own. 
$C: Be like the prez i guess and deny our own intelligence community. 
$C: how about you apply to be a mod and just ban everyone you disagree with?
$C: Well you're correct the office of the presidency is a literal threat to the safety of some Americans.  Like Anwar Al-Alwaki who Obama droned in Yemen after his advisors decided he should be on the disposition matrix (kill list).

Just another terrorist dead right ?  I hope you sleep soundly at night knowing the unconstitutional power to assassinate American citizens is now in Trumps hands. No charges, trial or jury needed. What could go wrong.
$C: Well individuals arent 501-c(3) and never had to do so in the first place, just like private colleges dont have to disclose anonymous benefactors, ao im not getting your point?

Part of the reason this was passed was to protect individual privacy for citizens - so that you arent harassed by a politically weaponized agency like the IRS or individuals targeting donors to Christian pro-life groups or Planned Parenthood because they diagree with them.

Businesses arent required to disclose their customers. How you use your money is your business.

If that charity received breaks or benefits from the government then nothing has changed, they still have ro report their list for reviews against illegality or conflicts on interest (which are not illegal).

And, once again, all charities still need to maintain their lists of donors in case it is ever requested by the authorities; they're just not publishing it for the world to see. Why should they?
$C: Thank you for your reply.  Could you elaborate on your personal experiences that led you to become more empathetic?

Technology has shrunk the world - I assume you are American; I am not, and yet we're having a conversation and able to connect across time and distance with ease.  This in theory should lead to more people having experiences with other cultures and viewpoints, but instead seems to have led to a significant portion of people to congregate with those who share their existing views, which seems to reinforce and strengthen those views.  Where viewpoints that were considered extreme were normally socially isolated before the advent of modern social media, these days they can be found with relative ease on permanent, self-reinforcing destinations on the net.  I find it interesting that you were able to divest yourself from such circles where many others seemingly are unable, or unwilling.
$C: OH NO. WE HAVE LOST A MAN. OH WHAT EVER WILL I DO?
$C: I'm libertarian.  I think both sides suck...but I know sensationalized bullshit when I see it, and when it comes to reddit, much of it leans left (due to the majority of front page posts being left leaning boo Trump circle jerks.)
$C: Very cute little statement. What are you fighting, again? Ah, right, people who could ruin your life for looking at them funny! Surely if we complain loud enough they're listen to us peons, right?

It's ridiculous. We're serfs, our lives have literally no value, and we're just resources to be used. Get used to it.

You'll join me in the suicidal depression hole eventually.
$C: 1. I'm dumb as shit, I'm just not stupid enough to think people in power got there by being nice and "for the people". Why trust someone who makes a living on ruthless aggression?

2. Nihilism doesn't even really describe my position, you're just using it as a buzzword. My hatred of politicians isn't exactly me shouting that nothing in life matters. There's plenty of joy to be had, it's just that whatever jackass in a suit you've decided to worship *can* and *will* take it away to benefit themselves, and you should absolutely be prepared for the worst.
$C: Haha yeah good luck with that, buddy. Everyone who would try has an unfortunate accident. Hell, you're treading on thin ice just posting that!

There is *no hope.* Any "revolution" would have had to happen maybe fifty years ago, before everyone and their mother had a surveillance agency. We are all *doomed.* The cyberpunk dystopia is now!
$C: Oh yeah I didn’t go into those comments thinking I was gonna reap karma on them haha but sometimes things just need to be said. It’s pathetic, they can’t refute shit but they can silently downvote because I’m an “other,” not part of their tribe.
$C: All I'm saying is that pointing at the taliban as evidence that the US army doesn't steamroll everyone is naive because they spent a long fucking time in a pretty shitty country just training to kill people. Americans are soft - why wouldn't we be? There's no reason for us to be hard.
$C: 'Alexa, how do you treat a headwound?'

'Alexa, how do you fire a mortar?'

'Alexa what is the functional range of an m4?'
$C: You're not gonna find enough willing people though. Not only will people have to risk their lives, but they'll also have to destroy their entire *way* of life to fight this civil war.

And the vast majority of people would much rather have a corrupt government, an increasingly shit economy, and give up more and more civil liberties; as long as they're still able to walk their dog down the street, get drunk with their friends in a bar, and watch sports on tv. 

They're willing to support a war in a foreign country if they're told it's for their own good. But if it's a matter of actually sacrificing their own physical comfort and luxury and burning everything they've known and loved just for abstract principles like justice, freedom and defending the constitution you'll not find many people willing to do that.

9/10 people would rather just keep their head down and post more stuff on facebook to try to distract them from the fact their country is going downhill. You're just not gonna get these hipsters, soccer moms, nascar fans, and christians-on-sunday throwing away everything they've built their lives around to take up arms and fight in the streets.

Sure they'll buy t-shirts and hats saying "I support the rebels" and stuff like that. But when you leave your house to march on city hall you're gonna find like 4 other people with you
$C: >I guess you don't get any benefits from the EPA, 

In their search for meaningless "examples" they popped a cap on a mine and filled my rivers with lead while ignoring the millitary doing chemicals in the water. Trump's picks are dumb, but it's not really hurting much at this point. EPA enforcement is still up here because of their own mess. 


>the FCC, 

The FCC is a stop gap that Obama almost destroyed with Wheeler as a pick. We got lucky he had principles as a lobbiest but the FTC really needs to get involved. And like, net neutrality being repealed hasn't destroyed the internet in 2 years, another 2 won't kill it either. 

>unions, 

Private sector unions don't get shit from the Democrats. The only unions getting hurt right now are the public ones which use their funds they get from non-members to free up money to attack gun rights. The unions I've run with still work. 

>international trade, 

Free market economics is a Republican thing before Trump. Democrats are just getting in bed with the rich now who love goods made with  slave labor. They aren't even pretending to not love depressed wages in blue collar areas anymore and are jumping on the "illegal  immigration keeps labor *costs* low" bandwagon. 

>healthcare: Trump+GOP has made it way worse), 

Market instability under Trump made the unaffordable insurance I already couldn't use a but more expensive. Funny how the Democrats targeted young men to pay the extra costs in the ACA and only care about that now that they can finger point. You'd think they'd have worried about the regressive nature if the ACA when exempting their kids (who they can afford to send to college and be exempt) and their base (those who are the worst off but not anyone above the poverty line or middle class) from these costs. 

>and enjoy the hugely increased tax burden citizens are going to get smacked with once the temporary cuts expire.

Oh boohoo, if the tax cuts expire I'll see no to little increase in my bracket still and rich California will still have to pay taxes in their 750,000 dollar homes and massive wealth preservation. Talk to me when California doesn't have the most regressive taxes in the country when you get through with all their loopholes and write-offs for million dollar houses and land. 

>eyeroll.emoji

I could afford my deductible until the ACA killed my plan because I didn't have prenatal and ambulatory. I can't even get all the tests I need to rule out cancer with my new "better" plan with 4x the deductible that costs twice as much. That was by design. As someone making less than 40k a year in one of the most expensive states to live in, I reserve the right to be peeved for being asked to pay more for the good of sparing the California 1 percent higher taxes. 
$C: Such smart. Many braincells. 
$C: Protip: The GOP didn't decide I needed to pay more and craft a plan to make me. The Democrats could have pushed through a better plan, but instead we got a massive increase in costs on young men that just so happened to exempt their kids: ones who get sent to college, are at poverty line, or have parents with good benefits. 

The ACA cancelled my plan that had an affordable deductible and made me pay more for a plan with a deductible that's more than 15 percent of my yearly income. I can't afford to even use it so I'd take no help over that kind of 'help' any day. 
$C: You’re* 

And I don’t care about your opinions on anything.
$C: Unlike Nixon, we have the Internet to help us remember who all the rotten people are. I imagine many Trump supporters will be combing through their facebooks deleting thousands of posts the day he's roasted.
$C: This is the correct answer
$C: Have they continued to increase their nuclear capabilities? I’d like some proof (I’m also not a trump supporter and Australian so maybe I have different news), also if they aren’t threatening the world anymore that seems pretty beneficial to me.
$C: There are likely multiple parallel investigations across the entire administration. And if there's evidence of mass corruption and collusion, Mueller isn't a stranger to roll multiple trials into one. People forget he took down the fucking mob. 

Their main counter-tactic was pretty much "You can't get all of us at once". And it worked. For a long time. Until Mueller came along, and then he fucking got them all at once. And the mob had been doing this for hundreds of years in Italy before they came over here. They were good at it. They were smart. They were slippery. 

In comparison, you got the equivalent of the Keystone Cops trying to rob a bank on roller-skates.
$C: It should be noted the justice Trump just nominated for the Supreme Court believes and has publicly expressed that presidents should not be investigated or questioned at all. 

I’m willing to bet a dollar this is why Trump nominated him. He’s putting his jail free card in the highest seat in the land to save his ass when the shit hits the fan. 
$C: President Pelosi would be if impeachment was in 2019 and the dems win the house. Before 2019 it will be Ryan, and if dems dont take the house we could end up with McCarthy (current house Republican whip, contender for Republican leader in the house), which as one of his constituents, definitely makes the last one a worst case scenario for me.
$C: The head of the transition team who knew Flynn was a foreign agent under investigation but named National Security Advisor anyway... and thats after Flynn was caught speaking to Russian Nationals about Trump removing sanctions that Obama just ordered?...

That Pence? The one that Mueller already has evidence of making false statements to cover up the fact he knew Flynn was trying to work with a foreign government to undermine a Presidential Administration?
$C: This.  Pence isn't a moron.  I'm not sure if that's better than what we have now, or much worse.
$C: > Pence likely burned any evidence if he was involved.

The problem with that is 

A.) Mueller likely has enough evidence either before it was burned, or enough evidence that was never burned in the first place. And

B.) Pence can only cover his own ass. There's way too much of a paper trail between a lot of different other people involved with Trump and Pence to cover all those holes. All evidence burned likely has many copies between a lot of different people.
$C: Why do you think evidence in the modern era exists only on paper?

There have witnesses/email/text/DMs. Every social media company, from Google/Facebook/twitter/yahoo is cooperating fully with Mueller. Hell, Cohen, Trump lawyer, had 16 cell phones at his office, and literally a million digital documents.

Paper? He can burn whatever paper he wants. All this shit is digital now, and these old ignorant fucks had no idea how giant a trail they were leaving in their wake. 
$C: Pence most likely stayed away and his group behind him shields him from Trump circle and the money behind him. Pence is supported by the establishment which has elected previous GOP Presidents. There is a reason why the GOP wanted him there. He is their failsafe. A way to bring over Trump voters when Trump goes down. He is sponsored by the Koch brother they don't like the Mercers, who got Trump elected. 
$C: Link?
$C: it's lies all the way down.
$C: You're acting like that isn't what's already being attempted. 
$C: He's popular with self identified republicans, but it's easier to get 80% of a small base than 80% support of a bigger sample size. I think he has lost around 5-10% of the republicans that held their nose and voted for him in 2016. 5-10% isn't enough of a loss to change the party's voice in the national landscape, but there is a reason that D +10 is about where midterm 2018 polls have been falling for all of 2017-2018. He's not bringing anybody new to the party, he's only salvaging what he has but has lost some of the Kasich's and McCain's of the world. 
$C: Naw, I started to really dislike her after she stayed with Bill after he cheated on her. I lost all respect for her. The first response to hearing her name makes me think how awful she is. That's it. It's as simple as that. Years of not liking her. I personally couldn't vote for her. I had to vote against her, which was in turn handing a vote to Trump. (Not that my vote mattered, I voted in a democrat area and Hillary won my city. So... )
$C: I’m sure you can dig deep down and understand how a completely normal and sane person might vote republican.
$C: I think you underestimate the effects his tariffs will have on the economy.
$C: They've been saying the Russians colluded with Hillary since he got elected. 

The Russian angle will be part of a larger disinformation campaign.
$C: Oh, he'll definitely go with Russia meddling.  Mark my words, you'll hear him pointing to the FBI and CIA's reports, blaming the Democrats for doing nothing about it, bring up Hillary's connections, blame Obama's weak stance on information warfare, etc.  The guy doesn't care.  He has no ideology or principles.
$C: Oh please. We'll be back to the dems rigged the midterms. That's what he'll say and he'll rally his base every weekend until he foments a civil war. 
$C: Buses full of them! Buses which, somehow, have no financial or physical evidence of ever existing.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Dude just said he meant “wouldn’t” instead of “would”. This after many tweets to the contrary beforehand. There is no spinning anymore, you simply lie, lie and lie some more.
$C: > Wouldn't that be kind of contradicting and hypocritical? 

As if that would stop him? Also, it would be perfectly in character? ;D
$C: Nixon resigned though. Trump would go down kicking and screaming, might have to be literally dragged out of the White House.
$C: This would open the door for the recovery. Like squeezing the puss out of an infected wound. Only then can the wound begin to heal. I think the puss simile isn't strong/gross enough for Donny.
$C: Just remember to vote regardless of any assumptions. 
$C: Or with the amount of Gerrymandering the Republicans take part in
$C: Well yeah, exactly. And it took two years for enough to come out and that support to drop enough that Nixon no longer had the votes to survive an impeachment trial
$C: What you're saying is only trivially true for the legal aspect of all this.  Nobody's saying that Trump's lies are *legally* worse than Clinton's.  The actual, real consequences of his lies are what we're concerned with.  You admit, legalese aside, that Trump's lying about a foreign power undermining our democracy is a threat to our democracy, yes?
$C: That can be arranged more quickly if we have a Democrat-led congress. The Republicans are spineless and compromised. 

Vote in the 2018 midterms on Nov 6th! Join the resistance at /r/BlueMidterm2018 !

If democrats take the congress, we can begin impeachment proceedings!
$C: you are all so dramatic 

$C: I’m in the middle of his pre-WWII Japan episode right now. His cadence sticks with you. 
$C: END QUOTE!
$C: I mean, Hitler had much better public speaking skills than Trump, no issue saying that. 
$C: This is exactly why is a good thing that trump is so incompetent.
$C: He may be a dumb-dumb but you can't deny Trump has charisma. 
$C: "Folks, it's hard to put these goings on into words..."
$C: "I quote..."

*YELLS*
$C: Now, bear with me, folks. I'm probably going to butcher some of these names.
$C: > NORTH KOREA BEST 

All I heard.

Can I please be unbanned from Pyongyang? :(
$C: He’s from LA and lives in the PNW so who knows. 
$C: Plot twist: Ben is an alien giving Dan his perspective this whole time.
$C: Who plays the Mooch and who plays Spicer? 

I kinda want an animated Mooch for some reason maybe voiced by Sly Stallone.
$C: "I just asked Thanos about destroying half of the universe and he says he didn't do it. And I have to tell you, I see no reason why it would be him. And he was very forceful in his denial. He doesn't even know what an Infinity Gauntlet is. You know what I think is really messed up though? If he had an Infinity Gauntlet, I tell ya', I'd ask him to use the time stone to go back in time and find the 33,000 emails...."
$C: Honestly, the main thing to keep in mind is the sources and to READ the sources - just having linked a source doesn't make the argument solid, only if both the original argument and the source is logically sound AND the source is reputable.
$C: Same here. :'(
$C: That's pretty sad that your own family can't set aside political differences and just be a fucking family.
$C: I hide posts and do what I can to not have them show up in my newsfeed in the first place, from racist, trump supporting, knuckle dragging, fuck suckers, although I can't bring myself to remove family.
  
But guess what? I'm Canadian, so are they. The ignorance and hatefulness is spreading. 
$C: You have a way with words. Knuckle dragger and mouth breather are my favorite descriptors of trump supporters.
$C: Which is both good and bad.

Have to recognize when you're in an echo chamber. 
$C: All the dirty communist socialist americans that are against the god emperor that Trump is = traitors. Didn't you read today's Fox News Friends.
$C: There is an actual legal definition for Treason. It’s not an undefined concept or some arbitrary term. IANAL but I have read the definition of Treason and I recall it saying it had to do with aiding or offering comfort to an enemy nation or failing to protect the country from an attack.  Something like that. So there’s no reason to be worried. There is a legal answer to your question, a specific, defined and tested by law over decades, or even centuries. A traitor is one who has committed Treason. You can then just search up Treason on Wikipedia or Google it. I’m sure you can then see that Trump is a traitor for aiding (lying) and offering comfort (obfuscating) to Russia after they attacked our election and interfered with it and continue to do so.
$C: >You?


Fuck off! I voted against him and Hillary, I told people both were poor choices.

I DID MY PART MAN!!!

***MANLY SOB***😢

I DID MY PART!!!😭
$C: You almost make good and valid points but the general unconnected incoherence loses all your steam.
$C: No, he said CUT
$C: "They're lazy and they're slow and make me sad to look at. You can start with Large Marge."
$C: Every time I see someone complaining about "snowflake liberals" I have to bite my tongue. I know this constant bickering is exactly what the Russians want and I'm not going to give them that. 
$C: While still collecting their food stamps, disability, and Medicare of course. 
$C: We can make it an Everyman NASCAR event and call it the Trail of Beers. They’ll volunteer to do it. 
$C: Is that what Gilead is?
$C: Coventry. When they want to participate in a mature society, they can go to the nearest gate. 
$C: Things look fine when your head is buried in the sand. 
$C: You’re showing a glaring lack of understanding of history and how geopolitics works.

Trumps destruction wasn’t ever going to happen overnight. Just like America’s power wasn’t built overnight. It takes decades and consistent governance to build legitimacy on the global stage.

Bush hurt our legitimacy in the world when he bucked a lot of our NATO allies and invaded Iraq. The world was still largely with us because he wasn’t insulting them and showing unimaginable support for their greatest concern, Russia. 

Trump is tearing at the loose strands of the international order and unraveling the fabric that has kept relative peace for the last 70 years. 

Just remember, Russia invaded Crimea over 4 years ago. They still hold it but with Trump hurting NATO, we could see advances in just a few years.
$C: Do you not follow the news? Lots of bad things are happening 
$C: Wow. Thanks for this, it reminded me how completely unpopular Clinton was (... I say as a Clinton voter...)
$C: Insanity. 
$C: A lot of states currently have unbound electors (I think that’s what they’re called).  A handful of states have made it a misdemeanor to vote against the people’s vote. 
$C: Yeah, I'm glad Nixon isnt alive to see this shit because hes probably rolling over on his grave right now. What he got in trouble for is totally inane compared to what we know for a fact trump has done. 
$C:  He was impeached. He was not removed from office, he resigned instead. Clinton was impeached as well but neither removed nor resigned. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: They don't get Pence, who would be much more effective.
$C: Works the same hours? Has free time? Lol, no. Not everybody is in the exact same financial situation 
$C: Everyone in England is within a couple hours train ride from London... The US is a completely different animal.
$C: It has an opportunity cost though, to be effective. You're missing out on doing things if you go and protest, plus the cost of travel. 
$C: I see this a lot here and I can tell you from experience that Afghanistan had a lot of people with rifles and fertilizer and they managed to fuck us up pretty good. Besides that’s assuming you wouldn’t have any defectors in the military and I’m pretty sure you would have quite a few.
$C: That is why it's a general strike. They can't fire a quarter of the population.

This kind of talk is why Trump is still up there btw
$C: Look at history, for example, at the Spanish civil war

People have this romantic idea of fighting a evil military, but what happened there was a split, with most army units joining Franco, infighting among the republicans, and civilians getting rolled over with or without guns.
$C: All of those have incredibly difficult combat terrain. Americans are concentrated in cities around the country all connected by roads and reasonably easy to traverse terrain (especially if you're on a highway)
$C: Don't you think there's hope in people like me and you becomming enlightened to these things? Russia will have a much more difficult time meddling in our elections when we know they are meddling. It's more important now than ever to be tolerant and inclusive. At least that's what I'm going with...
$C: Not necessarily true; the sunk cost fallacy strikes voters very hard, and a lot of people will say to themselves 'Well, Trump might have been a shit-show but if he has had a plan this whole time, he will need a second term to see his goals to light!'.

The thought process of not changing a horse mid-race really hits people quite hard, even if the race is one that we shouldn't ever have gotten involved with in the first place.
$C: Exactly, the top 1% has made it where many of us cannot afford to even protest in coordinated groups. 
$C: This is such a lame excuse.
Who do you think has led the protests and revolutions throughout history, the fucking aristocracy?
Just admit it for what it is - you're too damn selfish and lazy to do anything about it, just like most Americans are.
$C: Massive protests at a certain point in time don't do anything, because they're simply not massive enough.  The entire city of DC could be flooded with people such that nothing could happen; the rest of the country would watch it and talk about it at night and go to work during the day.

The fact that they go to work during the day means that the DC demonstrations really aren't getting in the way of 'enough' and that they can indeed be waited out.  

See: Occupy Wall Street.
$C: As a digital analyst I think this is seriously under estimating the impact of their tools.

Left and centrist horror need a target to be horrified at. The connivers will simply reframe the situation to one where that target is no longer the prime concern.

If you don't care about things like privacy, or reputable media, you are likely part of an ongoing experiment to find the best way to do that reframing.
$C: One thing we have learned from the trump campaign: if you break promises you made campaigning, no one will call you out on it. I mean, that’s not exactly new to politics, but it’s certainly at a new level.
$C: True. 
$C: Or more than that, come to think of it, they would never be elected in the first place if they weren’t  Trump supporters. Traitors to their own party, opposition to the other, who would vote? 

Probably should have thought of that at the beginning
$C: Voting is one answer.

Protesting is the other. If cities like New York, DC, San Fran, Seattle etc were brought to a standstill for just a few hours a day, he'd be gone sooner than November.

Millions have the time to watch Game of Thrones, The Walking Dead or their sports team each week. Yet they don't have an hour or 2 to spend fixing their country.
$C: Unlikely, they are unpatriotic sell outs.
$C: True, I guess I should clarify it's hyperbole and meant until they really reform the party or at least a new one(s) take its place. The sentiment is that until they see they've lost the support of American people nationwide, they won't change a thing and that's what all this foot dragging and inaction shows. 
$C: Please remember that is one opinion. So many more of us DO care and are wracking our brains, discussing with everyone around us, looking everywhere and anywhere for answers, guidance, and a plan of action. 

We've never dealt with this before. The people hired to represent us and defend us are failing miserably. It's hard to accept that, but we have to. We want to find an effective, immediate solution, that is legal. (Some of us totally are ok with non-legal solutions). But, because this is all new territory, there isn't yet a clear path forward. That doesn't mean we just give up. 
$C: How is it terrible? His actions do not directly effect what I do. Why would I waste my time? There is nothing any of us can do to stop him outside of voting him out in a few years. It’s out of our hands. I choose to spend my time caring about my job, health and family. 
$C: Say what you want, firing Rosenstein and Mueller got a LOT fucking harder in the last 48 hours.  And Trump knows that.

I'm not saying that they won't still attempt to, or steadily attempt to smear and discredit them, but it's way hard to pull off than it was last weekend. WAY harder.
$C: Like a bug picking up boastful pillow talk with one of his porn star mistresses?
$C: Is the boxes quote a well known thing? If you just came up with that it's genius 
$C: Yes or otherwise under oath, but Congress could impeach him for less than that if they had any balls.
$C: People accused Obama of treason without just cause and I was against that as well.
$C: > Trump has been much tougher there where Obama basically allowed Russian carte blanche in Syria, 

You mean at the time where Trump bashed Clinton and said her "red line" in Syria would provoke WWIII?

>U.S. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said on Tuesday that Democrat Hillary Clinton’s plan for Syria would “lead to World War Three,” because of the potential for conflict with military forces from nuclear-armed Russia. 

How tough!

> Under Obama, no weapon sales to Ukraine; under Trump, weapon sales to Ukraine.

Under Obama: ongoing diplomatic efforts to stop the fighting that were successfull for a while.

Under Trump: Heavy fighting ramps up again in January 2017; Trump allows weapons sales in December 2017

Took him a while.

>Berating NATO to ramp up defense spending

The NATO partners, also because of Obama's pushing, decided in Wales in 2014 to increase their defense spending in the direction of 2% by 2024, which is happening at the moment and has happened since 2014. Nothing about this has changed through all Trump's bloviating. 


>Ripped up agreement with Iran (Russian ally, Putin wasn't happy about that)

To placate Israel. Most other allies were also not happy about it. In fact, the EU still holds up the Iran agreement.

>There was a time during the Trump campaign where Trump was asked how he is going to be able to negotiate with people who had said terrible things about him, who clearly do not like him...he said he knows how to negotiate, you got to "get them in the room, hug 'em, kiss 'em," etc. When Trump says all this stuff about Russia and when he says a lot of stuff about other people and issues, he IS BLOWING SMOKE UP THEIR ASS. It's not for you, it's not for the press, IT'S FOR THEM. This should be obvious.

This is delusional. He has no problem berating his allies, comment on their interior policies, and even spread lies about them ("crimes up in Germany" eg when it is actually down) and that is all brillant negotiating tactic but not for Russia. There, he has to be nice - to negotiate what, exactly? 

Find me a single quote in which Trump has condemned Russia's annexation of Crimea. Or has condemned Russia because of the Skripal attack. Or the shot down MH17. Absolute silence from him. On the contrary, he'd apparently already forgot everything about the Skripal attack a week ago since he said while standing next to May that she would understand that good relations to Russia are good *when at the same time no politican or member of the royalty went to Russia for the World Cup because of the poisoning* and another person had just died because of Novichok poisoning.
$C: I just saw the poster for the first time.

Are they a new big poster?

I just appreciate them doing what poppinKREAM does. I don't have the energy to source up like they do, but I think it's important we all spend the next few months reminding ourselves of the truth so we can bring in real patriots to Congress who will hold responsible everyone involved in this conspiracy of treason.

Countering Russian psyops is a good and noble effort. 
$C: Her. Iirc poppinkream is a Canadian female. 
$C: It's a woman, apparently. 
$C: help us verify and digest, please. implications of murder. fun.

 https://www.reddit.com/r/Keep_Track/comments/90gv59/emma_best_an_independent_national_security
$C: I don’t think so, they don’t seem to have any more information than what is available to everyone. They just really, really, really know their shit. They are the kream de la kream of political analysis. 
$C: cheers. help us verify and digest, please. implications of murder. fun.

 https://www.reddit.com/r/Keep_Track/comments/90gv59/emma_best_an_independent_national_security
$C: Not my sub. I'm just a [huge fan.](https://laughingsquid.com/wp-content/uploads/tel_aviv_fan.jpeg)
$C: help us verify and digest, please. implications of murder. fun.

 https://www.reddit.com/r/Keep_Track/comments/90gv59/emma_best_an_independent_national_security
$C: help us verify and digest, please. implications of murder. fun.

 https://www.reddit.com/r/Keep_Track/comments/90gv59/emma_best_an_independent_national_security
$C: [deleted]
$C: thanks. 
$C: Its called the FSB now. 
$C: Lol this
$C: Laundered money from Russian oligarchs*
$C: Don't give him an out plz
$C: Sure, but then the rules should be updated to reflect this. Currently, if Trump was to be charged with treason, any lawyer worth their salt would point out that the invoked statute doesn't apply by definition and a judge would have to agree.

Mind, I fully agree Trump is a danger to the US and should be stopped, just that trying the treason route isn't the way to do it.
$C: While this is true there was never officially war, so legally Russia is not an enemy of the US.
$C: Hey I’m not saying you’re wrong but back in 2010 the GOP was saying the same thing about Obama. What President hasn’t done something the other side hasn’t said “could be treasonous if” to? You don’t get rid of President through Treason - history of the US says so. You get rid of Presidents by voting them out or letting their term expire.
$C: Who? People charged w treason we’re people started rebellions against the US or helped our enemies in times of war. Is there a recent court case to use for precedent? Any in the past 50 years?
$C: Sorry, but you’re wrong. The Rosenbergs were charged w Conspiracy to commit Espionage, not Treason. It says it right there in your link. Two different criminals charges. 
$C: There are a lot of clauses in there and election interference isn't mentioned once. 
$C: Don't bother, he's a frequent TD contributor. You'll use your energy better punching sand. 
$C: You want improved relations with Russian BUT Trump shouldn't do it because "Muh Russia, he is Putin puppet" something like this? got it
$C: "Anything you say that I can't discredit doesn't count because you are just a A: Troll B: Racist C: Drumph Supporter" Yeah yeah heard it all before, next you will call me a Russian Bot. Get a grip lol.
$C: \#walkaway amirite?
$C: Not an American buddy, but nice try.
America undermines democracy around the world in order to get their way politically and economically. So ya it’s kinda nice to see when someone else does it back to them.
Also who says Russia HAS to be an enemy exactly? Is it not a good idea to try to be friendly with the country that has the second largest nuclear stock pile on the planet?
$C: Get 'im!
$C: There were literally protests at the White House the other night?
$C: 35 years, checking in. IMO the last decent Republican president was Eisenhower.
$C: I'm a teacher in rural OH surrounded by pure MAGA country and in a state that is pretty comfortably red. I encourage you to stay and fight what you can. If the sensible people flee to Canada/UK/etc then all that will be left is a corrupted superpower with the greatest military in the world being run by sociopaths and whoever can slip more dollar bills in their pocket. America is an experiment. We have 250 years of good data but we need to tweak some things
$C: Go. Really. I agree with your sentiment. But I also notice you tossed in an unnecessarily divisive statement. "rich white men". You just alienated anyone that's wealthy or has viable aspirations of becoming so, isn't ashamed of being white, and isn't ashamed of being male. Those divisions helped lose the election. That, and, I'm sorry... Hillary was just not a strong candidate.

The beginning of the statement? Yeah, that was pretty spot on. There's an erosion of the system, and rights along with it. "rights" is a powerful word to play with. Republicans love that word. And "freedom". Start pointing out little ways that they're losing those, pointing out the rights you want to preserve and how... You'll get their ear. But bashing rich white people will get you nowhere. 
$C: My point was that workers go on a strike and the company suffers. But today they can just fire you and get a new one. There is a reason big companies dont want workers to unionize.
$C: Like 10 lol
$C: If Crowley stays in, he'll split the vote and republicans will win.  Which'll be a disgusting move by him considering he lost the primary.  What happened to unity?  All establishment democrats are strangely silent on that now.

And your point about voter turnout is an irrelevant excuse in multiple ways - firstly, turnout is always abysmal for midterm elections, and doubly so for local elections and triply so for primaries, it's the lowest turnout situation you can get in american politics but it doesn't even matter, all you're doing is explaining why canvassing works, you're not contradicting that canvassing works at all which is my point.  Secondly, voter turnout was higher for the 14th district than the 15th or most other congressional primaries, there was nothing strange about the voter turnout on this particular election.  And thirdly even if it were unusually low this is just an excuse everyone can use any time they lose, "oh my voters just didn't turnout, but they do all secretly agree with me more", it's an excuse nothing more - it's your job to convince them to vote for you.
$C: You obviously cannot rely on the electoral process.

You don’t think if all concerned men/women/all races/ages came out to insist on trumps removal the government would have to do something?

I do. If they don’t it means your country is no longer representing its citizens and you have lost any control of the direction your country takes.
$C: I sincerely believe that's what it's going to take. 

Otherwise, and unless things change quite dramatically, we will eventually reach a point in time where we will no longer be able to protest at all. 
$C: That's the whole point of having principles and living by them.  When you don't protest due to fears of what may happen to your family and job, then you are no more than a slave to your system,  and like all slaves you and your family will still end up being shit on. 
$C: Then it's laughable to think that thousands of accidental deaths and successful suicides are worth having guns around at all. The US is a joke.
$C: To be fair, he's also one of the least-earning senators and mostly got that money from book deals rather than over the backs of the 99% through dodgy means. 
$C: I was going to do a sentence-by-sentence response, but I realized when you say stuff like 

>The Hillary people are a cult and you presume your leader could do no wrong even when it was obvious she cheated.

that you will literally never be convinced by anything, regardless of facts or evidence. You externalize counterarguments instead of considering them; calling people who pragmatically supported Hillary a cult is like Trump's "no, you're the puppet" comment during the debates. 
$C: Well, I'm not sure how you expect anyone to source a *lack* of evidence. 

It just doesn't hold up under scrutiny. 
$C: Thanks for the maturity. 

I think it's obvious that the DNC didn't *want* Bernie, but I just don't think the evidence suggests that they ever did anything other than trash talk him in emails. Bernie lost largely because Clinton remained very popular with key Democratic groups, had more organization and GOTV than he did, and just got more votes. 

And it frustrates me when people repeat myths that they've heard that aren't supported by evidence. Largely because I *want* progressives to be involved with the Democrats. 

I want progressives to be sitting at the table and offering their perspectives and supporting their candidates. And sometimes their candidates won't win, and sometimes the compromise won't include many of their ideas, but other times they *will*. That's how politics works, many different perspectives working together and finding something workable. 

And I think one of the worst things the Russian disinfo campaign could do is get young people to turn out of politics forever. "Whatever, I won't participate in primaries or go to my local Dem party meeting, it's all rigged anyway." It's not. It just requires hard work and commitment. 
$C: Nope, try again.
$C: [deleted]
$C: wut

$C: Okay.

What was incriminating in the emails? 

What do the emails show that the DNC ever *did* to hurt Bernie Sanders? 

What actions were taken by the DNC to hurt Bernie and help Hillary? I'm not asking for calling him names in private emails. I'm asking for actions. What did they *do*? 

I'm not ashamed for fighting for the truth. You should be ashamed for promoting lies. 
$C: > I can remember reading that DNC pulled Sanders’ access to Democratic voter rolls. 

For a grand total of 24 hours. The Sanders campaign [was accessing Hillary's campaign's voter data](https://www.cbsnews.com/news/reports-bernie-sanders-campaign-accessed-hillary-clinton-voter-data/) via a glitch, had their access suspended, and [then restored](https://www.cbsnews.com/news/dnc-restores-sanders-campaigns-access-to-voter-files/). Check the dates - Dec 18/19. 

>The Clinton campaign then used these funds to their advantage before Hilary won the nomination.

But the DNC didn't spend any money on the primary. For that matter, Hillary spent very little money on the primary - they were both saving it for the general. What did they spend this money on?
$C: Yup. Sanders 2020. I'm tired of the corporatist fucks in both parties. Time to elect a real progressive who actually cares about the people, and less of the banks, corporations, military/surveillance industrial complex, etc.

None of these corporate stooges are doing anything about automation and such; more middle class, city folks are going to be screwed in the coming years, just like the rural folks.
$C: >Why not instead of trying to just completely discredit and dismiss a large bloc of voters that the Dems will need to win back the House and Senate, try to have some compassion.

Because that means "admitting" to nefarious acts that people aren't guilty of, and that doesn't sit well with me or any of us. 

>just that the party 100% did work with the media to coalesce talking points throughout the campaign repetitively hammering home from the beginning to the every day voter Bernie never had a chance.

Okay. That would be the party *doing* something to hurt Bernie's chances, I agree. If that happened.

So where is the evidence that it happened? Where are the emails from DWS to CNN leadership telling them to be negative about Bernie and to stop treating him like he has a chance? I would definitely agree that that would stoop to "rigging," but we don't see evidence of it.

In the emails we do have, the closest we get to anything like that is DNC staffers trying to work out how to push back against attacks coming from the Bernie camp - they're trying to message how to defend themselves. 

>Which brings me to my second point. Yeah, I 100% agree with you that it's time to let that shit go. Like I said though, try to understand that the Russians are actively working our side as well. Rigged this, rigged that, no it wasn't rigged, but now you're so sick and tired of hearing about it being rigged the assumption is made that actual Bernie voters, or a significant portion of them, believe that to be the case. Then you make declarative, ostracizing statements that really don't do anything to invite frustrated voters who may not be as politically motivated as we are, just casually browsing reddit trying to inform themselves of what's happening, in.

Because, again, that would require admitting to a crime (well, not a crime per se, but you know what I mean) that I fervently do not believe happened. 

I am absolutely happy to work with Bernie supporters and to all join together and to work out not just how to kick Trump's ass and destroy the GOP but how to make a more progressive Democratic party. Any day of the week and twice on Sundays. 

All I ask is that they acknowledge that Bernie lost fair and square. 
$C: Not if you are a fan of the First Amendment.
$C: I’m out
$C: Or creating a Muslim ban (that leaves out the countries whose people caused 9/11) 
$C: People within our borders still receive Due Process.

Also there's a difference between "not receiving benefits' and "locking them up in fucking cages"
$C: Finding out how shitty many of my neighbors and family members actually are was a huge blow.
$C: I mean, yes, it sucks to be judged by the color of your skin but there are better fights to fight than proving you're not one of *those* white people.
$C: See?  Apparently you are just one of the rich trying to sell your bullshit.  Nice try. 
$C: Unfortunately 

https://www.google.ca/amp/s/amp.theguardian.com/us-news/2018/jul/19/trump-putin-interrogate-us-ambassador-michael-mcfaul
$C: Yes. Also access to firearms and to be able to carry them in public conceived. Especially in my state. The DA has already labeled us “felons in waiting” for buying MA-compliant scary black guns and made buying them in stores illegal. 
$C: I have also heard that he's a she.
$C: Funds a guy who sorts out the timeline of events and organizes articles into a cogent read? What would it matter? They're not adding any information that isn't widely available through a multitude of sources..
$C: Not the Russians.. or their co-conspirators.

$C: How much do you honestly think it costs to read and keep track of publically-available news stories?
$C: Funds what? Reddit comments? lol....
$C: Go ask PK. She's pretty open about her current station in life and how she got started with these comments.
$C: George Soros!!! 

/s
$C: Dear Admins, mind making this a featured sub, but for month or two?
$C: So... America. Good.
$C: You say that as if it were a bad thing.
$C: I like the way you pick a couple uncertain points in each post to imply the entire post is without basis, but never really supply any sources or evidence of your own, simply sowing doubt rather than much in the way of substantial refutation. 

At least you "enjoy" doing this, because honestly, you're not good at it. 
$C: Think like a child too, apparently. None of that came close to making even a dent in the points raised. And no legit sourcing vs heavily and thoroughly sourced? Way to bring a popgun to a battle.
$C: You don't even read the news articles you link to support your point. It looks like you read the headline, and came to your own conclusion.

You linked this from [Thehill.com](http://thehill.com/business-a-lobbying/386348-mueller-team-seeks-delay-in-russia-indictments-case-report) and say the delay is because he didn't think it would go to trial. 

It states in the article that he want's a delay only until the court can make sure all companies named were properly severed. Russia refused to pass on the summons to the company in question. If Russia was calling their bluff why would they give him a reason to delay ? Read more than the titles of the articles if you want to make a proper case for your argument.
$C: Poppin is a she not a he. Just letting you know for future reference.
$C: I don’t think people should downvote his comments. I don’t think that he is trolling, in fact he seems quite sincere about his arguments. We should encourage the discussion between opposing views, not silence it. There might be some wrong information, misinterpreted facts or faulty logic. Respond to it and kindly point it out. Simply downvoting him for putting time and effort to argue his position robs us of the opportunity to know how people with different beliefs and views reason, so pleas don’t do that. 
$C: Despite the fact I may not agree with a lot of what you said, I thank you for not buying what you see at face value. It’s important to be questioning of everything and verify sources, as well as think “I wonder who benefits from this if x is true, if y is true, but they both do if h is true, so...” and then think more of that. 
Good for you and you triggered some folks with your act of not buying a narrative. 
$C: And that's only *one* scandal.
$C: Factoid for y'all: A very large part of intelligence operations is consuming the media of a target nation and trying to understand it. (Sometimes unsuccessfully. Russian media-watchers famously thought all US underground parking garages were primarily engineered as fallout shelters, giving them a dangerously false picture of US preparedness.)

Anyway, there's a lot to be learned from what adversaries want you to think.

That's why serious Russia-watchers follow RT religiously, just as their opposite numbers watch Fox. Nobody considers either source truthful - the intelligence is found by inference; what do the lies conceal.

OTOH - just to remind everyone that humility is in order - this is the profession that at one point employed the men who stared at goats. 

And yes, it DID seem like a good idea at the time. 
$C: > I've heard that Mueller is six months ahead of where we are.

If that was true, then Trump should have been locked up 6 months ago.
$C: Wow, it's easy to get depressed about this whole situation but it actually kinda makes me feel better that this is just what has already been released and there are all kinds of goodies waiting.
$C: This is the aspect that truly gives me hope. 


I keep hearing dumbass Trump supporters claim "if there was anything to uncover we would know by now!" Little do they realize that Mueller isn't going to just show his hand to the freaking public. That's not the way investigations work. It's a long, slow process, because they have to make sure they have their ducks in a row before they do anything drastic. 


Basically, the longer it takes, the more likely it is that Trump is going to end up nailed to the fucking wall. I pray that's how this ends. 
$C: Thought I’d see you here. Every time on of these articles reaches the front page, I always keep an eye out for PoppinKream. You really are one of my favorite redditors.

Keep on fighting the good fight!
$C: Hot Damn that's a lot o'KREAM thank you for all you do in your insights and cultivation/condensation of all this info so often. Doing good shit my dude. Keep it up!
$C: Is there a movie version coming out? I can't read.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Sorry about that. Was doing from mobile, replied to the wrong comment.
$C: We don’t know that the moon isn’t made of cheese, therefore it is. 

We don’t know why veselniskaya wasn’t interviewed, therefore she’s innocent. 

We don’t now why this guy keeps trying to undermine poppinkream, therefore he’s a Russian. 


That’s the classic Argument from Ignorance logical fallacy. There’s a bunch of lists of cool logical fallacies online if you’re interested. The great thing about knowing your logical fallacies is determining who is full of horseshit. When someone can’t make an argument without a fallacy, they are wrong, and you know it without being an expert on the topic. 
$C: Pence loves dick more than 99% of homosexual men. Gay people are the only people who take extreme action against homosexuality because they are afraid they will concede to the temptation they have to suck and get pounded by every dong within an arm's reach. 
$C: No that's how you end up being impaled with...things in prison
$C: This is the hardest I've ever seen someone try to lose their virginity. 





$C: That’s the fun part though!
$C: There's also chemical castration, so no need to cut anything off, tbh
$C: Twas gonna make an edit but then decided against it. Something about using the healthcare bill republicans generously passed 
$C: Keep that head in that sand brother! Ignore all that silly treason talk and how much influence Putin has over our leader! Daddys super proud of you!
$C: Pence doesn’t have any ties with Russia and isn’t Putin’s puppet, so he would be a lot better. 
$C: Needless trade wars with our allies, calling the EU a foe, stealing children from their parents, legitimatizing North Korea, making America the laughing stock of the world, helping Putin destabilize Western democracy, etc.
$C: Listen you troll, just read the article.
$C: Use your eyes.
$C: Name one thing that he has done that has improved our quality of life. One thing. Otherwise, back to your echo chamber of ignorance. 
$C: By fueling climate change denial

Pushing “trumponomics”

Starting trade wars

Setting a new precedent for dishonesty in the government (almost every other week since his election, he’s objectively lied about something)

Preaching divisive rather than consolidating rhetoric 


$C: There is no mechanism in our constitution that accounts for that possibility. In theory Congress could impeach, but they haven't shown that they're willing to do that. There's no legal process to call a new election because of some widespread issue.
$C: Absolutely. There is no precedent so we will have to proceed. 
$C: :) good for you kiddo. 
$C: It’s not about sides. It is our country under attack by an enemy nation, and there are traitors within the federal government. 
$C: Oh sweetie. You think you're the only ones with guns. How cute.
$C: There are Southern liberals with guns too.
$C: If Trump were impeached, Pence would have absolutely no chance of reelection. He would be in Gerald Ford's shoes, except worse
$C: Exactly right. I mean really we should have some sort of equal distribution (ideally none) of view points on the Supreme Court. But then that leads to corruption unless scrictly enforced. Then you will have the right cry out big government. Then if the right can have the majority then they will pass laws to make their control harder to take back.

This has gotten to the point wuere it's a sports team instead of what's best for the country. The two party needs to go unfortunately. It went as long as it could until citizens United happened. We have to adapt if we aren't going to lead this world. 
$C: Schuyler Colfax would like a word.
$C: What you're saying is true.  Cheney was a bit outspoken at times, and had a big hand in Bush administration policy.  Biden kept pretty busy, pretty quietly.

Since Trump got elected, though, Mike Pence is practically a ghost.  He has been conspicuously absent from the spotlight.  I haven't really seen him commenting on or influencing policy, either.
$C: But that's the problem. Pence is clearly intelligent enough to just keep feeding Trump more rope, assuming he will hang himself.  Wasting a few hundred thousand dollars for a football game is less than a bad week under Scott Pruitt at the EPA apparently.  And not even an average DAY of Donald Trump 
stealing tax dollars at Mar-A-Lago like the shit-eating pig he is; vacationing every fucking weekend at his own resort so he can bill the government for staff accommodations and security..
$C: I'm sure he's committed state crimes. We won't have to hear about him pardoning himself. 
$C: I guess we shouldn’t care about the subversion of democracy and the promotion of bigoted rhetoric in our country unless it directly impacts us on a personal level every day. Have some damn empathy and open your eyes to what’s going on 
$C: My IRA has lost more money in the last year and a half than it did for 8 years. 
$C: "Alright so ignoring all of that, what have the romans ever done for us?" 
$C: We always have been
$C: this video is complete horseshit. we have tiered governments. the federal government is a republic, representatives are duly elected and any power not specified in the constitution is delegated to the state government. state governments can be completely pure/direct democracies like California https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Direct_democracy      

the video is horseshit and tries to normalize trump's corruption.
$C: I know that you’re right and that’s the real expression, but now I feel a combination of the two would be best: “hear here!” — that is, “hear what this guy here is saying” 
$C: It was a joke.
$C: St Helena. Elba clearly didn't stop Napoleon very well. 
$C: Hardcore Mexican prison. 
$C: If we're picking places to hold him, why not Guantanamo Bay?
$C: I guess I imagine the evidence will be explosive and damning, but if not, you could be totally right.
$C: Mattis is a constant. So is Pompeo. 

That’s not the same as him getting rid of Tillerson. Pompeo is needed and left his position in congress. 

These are different. 
$C: don’t worry its not a problem at all! :)

the president does not get a direct say in what happens in congress, however he does have the ability to veto any bill that gets through to be voted on again

3 republicans voting alongside a democrat vote would be enough to pass a bill because they require 51 votes. unfortunately, impeaching the president requires a two thirds majority which is incredibly difficult with any bipartisan issue

i completely forgot to mention though that both introducing new legislation and starting an impeachment vote are started in the house of representatives, which has 435 members. in the case of legislation it is also a 51% majority to win. if they pass then the vote is moved to the senate, which only has 100

other than the support of two thirds of congress, you would also need an indictment. if the vote passes then a trial is held seperately in the senate. if the president is proven guilty in the trial, then they are officially removed from office
$C: >  to begin with Congress, of which Republicans currently hold the majority.
> 
> The idea is that in the mid-term (meaning, not Presidential but rather for Congress) elections, if enough people vote Democrat, the majority will flip to the Democrats, and action can begin to try to end this mess (specifically with impeachment proceedings, but also in general).

Yep, that's exactly what's going on.
$C: >That reaction is not dependent on previous American gov't actions in foreign countries.

It should be tempered by the knowledge that we do this every day around the world. Russia certainly isn't the only country doing this.

>cursory understanding

This thread is based on a cursory understanding of what nations do to each other as a normal course of business. We incite rebellion and overthrow governments, Russia shitposts on Facebook. The real story should be how clumsy and amateurish the Russian attempt was compared to the sophisticated and planned destruction of nations the US undertakes.
$C: Justification for who? I literally said it was wrong on both sides. The problem isn't figuring out who is less wrong, it's realizing that the wrongs going on are old as fuck and all this uproar is a distraction. People should be just as mad when the US does this as they appear to be when they find out Russia is doing the same thing.

It's not that any of this is ok, just that it isn't new and being mad that it is happening misses the point that this is how the world works and people should be mad at that system.

Making it seem like Russia is unique in interference is the distraction. It's not ok or justified, it's just old news and intentionally missing the larger point.
$C: Don't use ad hominem attacks. See your other comments you posted for a book that tells you not to do that.
$C: Care to elaborate? Because I'm from New Zealand and as a result, not very well versed on American health. 
$C: It's difficult to decide whether Nixon committed worse offences than Trump, but I'm still on the fence about it, so there we are.
$C: Yeah, I was old enough; it was him. You can even find this same crew of people in multiple administrations from Reagan on. We called them Neo-cons.

Rumsfeld and Cheney. Were a set in many many admins.
$C: Hear, hear. I’m not a Bush fanboy, but loath Trump and am fearful he’d put us to war to try to distract from his political troubles. He’d [“Wag the Dog”](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wag_the_Dog) it just to save face... I wouldn’t put it past him.
$C: waiting on that answer, u/hgfggt...
$C: Economy is strong, taxes have been cut.  He hasn't gotten us involved in a single new war. (Bush had Afghanistan and Iraq, Obama had Libya and Syria, and sort of Yemen though we only sell weapons there.  ISIS has been dumped into histories trashbin.  Peace and prosperity are deliverable's.  He has delivered.

$C: I mean, I guess.
$C: If they can be identified, yeah.

Only two ways they can be identified: the information can be traced specifically back to them, or the reporter gives them up to the cops.

Big part of the First Amendment is Freedom of the Press, which  means the police can't force a reporter to give up their sources. Plus, journalists protect their sources with everything they've got. The downside is that journalists have to vet their sources, and most editors require several vetted sources before a story can run for print. 
$C: Bahaha well played
$C: I’m from Chicago. I live and work in Chicago.

I’ve seen firsthand what your policies do to people. No thanks. 
$C: Care more? Yes. Will they vote? More than last time, maybe.
$C: Whatever is in Mueller’s report he will be able to prove it 100%. That’s how the law works. Mueller may not be able to get everything on Trump, but whatever he does present will be 100% backed up by fact. So we will see what Mueller shows us.
$C: how so?  because i didn't capitalize letters?  (pro tip: grammar shouldn't be capitalized)
$C: You're right,  any subreddit can be an echo chamber just because of the nature of the website.
$C: I am not "horribly confused", but its difficult to go into detail without writing a book. Furthermore, I am not american, so I have no first hand experience to the situation at american universities, I know students and PHDs from american universities though, plus I have an academic background myself, so please spare me the "Have you taken a university course recently?"

I would love to see a source for your claim that communism propaganda is mainstream at universities, and please not an interview. I can find you an interview with a guy to support any stance on any topic. How about a study? And why do you equal communism with democrat voters? Sorry that I will not watch a 1h21min interview from 1985 to continue our discussion. I made it clear that russia is seeking to sew division *everywhere possible*, so I dont exclude leftist extremists by the way.

>You say that universities are turning out 80% Democratic voters because, what, "reality has a liberal bias" ? lol? Maybe because the ratio of left to right political views among university professors and faculty is over 10 to 1

Why do you think that is? You said you are not unaware of the valid criticisms of the republicans? I gave you the reasons, and yes, that basically means the republicans devolved into a facts dont matter party. It is hard to find conservatives that have not distanced themselves from reality in the US nowerdays. I live in europe, and theres still sane conservatives here. I count myself among them.

> IQ statistics, or personality trait differentiation between men and women, or racial crime statistics,

I saw some of those. The scientific community isnt flawless in its peer review processes, basically anybody can publish any bullshit, with the topics you mention being very good examples. It gets increasingly hard to spot dubious publishers. Identifying predatory or pseudo-journals:

https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5493175/

>Or, since we're talking about universities here, how about ethnic and gender studies courses that explicitly teach students that science is a tool of the oppressive patriarchy, which only serves to perpetuate existing power structures? Yes, that last bit really is in the actual curriculum of real classes.

The U.S. is huge, dont cherry pick one example and conclude that everybody is in on it.

>The fact that this ideology is being passed on totally unchallenged

Again I'd like to see a source. It makes little sense for something to be challenged when it isnt even there.


TL/DR: 

>I wrote my last post based on your apparent recognition that American universities are largely dedicated to anti-western modes of thought

Yes, I do not recognize this. In fact I would like to see a source.


$C: probably because it's extremely insulting to try and impeach a president without any evidence of the things the opposing party accuses him of. besides, you would need every democrat and 43 republicans in the house to vote yes which will never happen without concrete proof of the things he's accused of and even then it's unlikely. it's a waste of government time and resources.
$C: there is no concrete evidence of any form of treason, bribery or high misdemeanors on his part, and even if there were, house republicans would have to see no other course of action but to impeach him to save the party from completely alienating their voting base. this will never happen because the majority of republican voters support trump and any attempt at impeachment follows with the narrative that there has been a coordinated attack against him since before his inauguration by democrats in politics, the media and the public. Trump is staying until 2020 or beyond.
$C: I'm not saying they are the same... a coin has two sides: heads and tails. How are those 2 body parts remotely the same? And being someone who is not totally aligned with either I wasn't making a statement that they are similar. The only similarity that I find is that I don't like either of them...
$C: *thumbs up
$C: Its late for me and I'm sometimes bad at conveying my full view
$C: Thanks for posting this anyway. A happy mistake if you will. I foresee lots of reading in my future
$C: Hey thanks! There's a lot of good information that I agree with in there, but even more for me to read up on. I appreciate it. I get that both sides is a typical tactic but that's not why I say it. However, I am going to blame no one for being skeptical of an internet rando. I always vote and I understand it to be that the "both sides" argument is hoping to kill voting in the middle. Well not today I tell ya!
$C: Absolutely. I agree on holding accountable. They prove themselves unfit for the job? Gone.
$C: Anthony Bourdain’s last interview:

>The Emmy-winning culinary legend didn’t speak well of Bill or Hillary Clinton, either. He described the former President as “a piece of s---” who is “**rapey**, gropey, grabby (and) disgusting.” He called the Clintons “entitled” and accused them of having **“destroyed” the women who alleged he was a sexual deviant.**


>“The way **they** efficiently dismantled, destroyed, and shamelessly discredited these women for speaking their truth … is unforgivable,” Bourdain said.

http://www.nydailynews.com/entertainment/tv/ny-news-bourdain-weinstein-clinton-interview-20180716-story.html
$C: Just the fact that the offer was accepted is against the law. They "expressly promised to make a contribution" to the trump campaign in that email, and son of the president accepted their offer.

https://www.law.cornell.edu/cfr/text/11/110.20

The statute in question is 52 USC 30121, 36 USC 510 — the law governing foreign contributions to US campaigns. There are two key passages that apply here. This is the first:

>A foreign national shall not, directly or indirectly, make a contribution or a donation of money or other thing of value, or expressly or impliedly promise to make a contribution or a donation, in connection with any Federal, State, or local election.

The second:

>A solicitation is an oral or written communication that, construed as reasonably understood in the context in which it is made, contains a clear message asking, requesting, or recommending that another person make a contribution, donation, transfer of funds, or otherwise provide anything of value.

$C: > I only debate with strawmen and I like to get fucked up the ass by as many men in one evening, in as many orifices as I can cram full with giant cocks with puss covered warts. Then I like to spend the rest of the evening licking out their unwashed assholes. "Don't wash!" I always tell them in advance. "Spend a few hours in multiple layers of heavy clothes, wrapped in a trashbag, if you want to get lots of Good Boy Points, I tells them." 


Wow, just wow. Do not share your personal life here.
$C: Honest question. Where do you get your news?
$C: Ok so right away you say you don’t trust what liars say, so I’m gonna stop you there. 

Donald Trump is a known liar, why do you trust what he says then? 

This right away shows your insane bias, in your very first sentence you contradict yourself.  
$C: Should...should we tell him the Trump admin IS the government?

>This is what yall don't understand with people who don't trust this story. We don't trust government to tell the truth at ALL and that is exactly who is giving us "evidence".


$C: "Without debate, without criticism no administration and no country can succeed and no republic can survive".

John F. Kennedy

It is important for us to stop idolizing leaders and picking specific sides without budging. You are an example of how the American people are faltering in keeping the country free and prosperous.

This is not about liberal tears, nor is it about right wing tears and salt. This not about left or right wing views. This is about The United States of America. The land of the free. The leader of the free world. 

Let's begin critiquing our leaders we approve of. While continuing to support them. However, never stop critizing the leaders. Complacency and lack of taking responsibility should never be a trait that we tolerate as the people and as countrymen. 

Let this all too cliche yet underappreciated quote resonate with you. I hope this gives you some clarity about the current politic state in America and how we can change that. 

"And so, my fellow Americans, ask not what your country can do for you -- ask what you can do for your country". 

John F. Kennedy.
$C: > known liers

Do you believe that at least three million illegal votes were cast for Clinton?

Do you believe that Trump had the largest inauguration crowd of all time?

Do you believe that no president in history has been tougher on Russia than Trump?

You're either literally mentally retarded or a spineless hypocrite. Not a good look.
$C: > This is what yall don't understand with people who don't trust this story. We don't trust *government* to tell the truth at ALL and that is exactly who is giving us "evidence".

Then why do you believe anything the *president* says? He is part of the government.
$C: As far as evidence goes, there’s literally a fucking court case being worked on by the FBI, where they need evidence to build a case, so my guess is that you won’t see evidence, and neither will I, until the case begins in court and evidence is presented... you know.. like in the judicial system we have in America does. 
$C: Hey man, I'm not going to jump down your throat or anything but it seems like you are getting some faulty information.  

>If tomorrow the FBI showed us the actual data from the supposed server that was "hacked", sure I'd consider it.  

It wasn't one server it was 140 servers. If you read the indictments released on Friday you will see that the Special Counsel has a lot of details and information on how the hack happened and how they know who it is. It is really convincing.  

>But I know for a fact that won't happen because the FBI hasn't seen the server themselves.  

Why would the FBI need to see the servers? They take image(s) (clones) of the server(s) while it is still up and running. If they turned of the servers then data would be lost. Taking the server(s) would be a bad thing to do.  

>We're supposed to trust a company the DNC hired to "take a look at" said server.  

No, not at all. Luckily, we don't have to because of the previously mentioned "clones" of the servers. The Special Counsel has dug way deeper and is able to subpoena records from companies such as google. This is way more detailed than anything CrowdStrike could possibly uncover.   

As a fellow American I urge you to read the indictments and understand that in order to issue the indictments a Grand Jury would have to see the evidence and be convinced it is worth prosecuting. These are not bogus claims. 


$C: You state you don’t trust liars, but you back Trump who is a known liar? I think you’ve told us all we need to know about your delusional and ignorant mindset. Jesus Christ, Trump supporters really are something else. 
$C: That’s like asking to eat your food before it’s cooked, how the hell you gonna have food to eat before it’s even done cooking man? 
$C: So where do you get your news? I don't consume the NYT but we do sell the international version and as far as I can tell, they're a legitimate journalism source. 
$C: [We have all the information required on the servers. You are being played.](https://www.thedailybeast.com/trumps-missing-dnc-server-is-neither-missing-nor-a-server)
$C: The house impeaches, not the senate. 
$C: So Republicans are corrupt? Even Democrats voted to impeach Clinton because he factually broke the law and it set a good precedent against presidents lying. What good that did if Republicans will only do what's right if it happens to be against the other side.
$C: Sad that they’re too pussy to go up against a piece of shit- just because he’s a republican. 
$C: I was just stating a fact.
$C: does a random redditor really need to post anything for you to look at the facts yourself?
$C: https://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2017/03/connections-trump-putin-russia-ties-chart-flynn-page-manafort-sessions-214868

r/RussiaLago/wiki/faq

r/shitPoppinKREAMsays

https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/global-opinions/trump-just-put-russia-first/2018/07/16/8391f9aa-8914-11e8-a345-a1bf7847b375_story.html
$C: Correct. Some of the emails were also altered before release. And they released them strategically. For instance, one of the big dumps was literally half an hour after the Access Hollywood tape was released.
$C: And none of the Republican National Committee's emails have been released. Only the DNC's.
$C: He means that "progress" in this context refers to its contemporary political and philosophical meaning, not its most basic definition.  Progress/progressives.  The right feels that the left tends to be too heavy-handed in addressing things like economic inequality, for example, but the policies that the left advocates for would be called "progressive" policies.  It's just a modern political definition for a set of ideologies.
$C: you're missing the point.
$C: a poor job from the perspective of a leftist. of course he's doing a poor job from the perspective of someone who us against pretty much everything he stands for.
$C: [removed]
$C: [removed]
$C: Fell for what? You said Putin never effected our elections. Sowing misinformation as a foreign power is effecting our election. Our intelligence community has confirmed this has happened. You are very wrong. 
$C: > Trump has no reason to publicly call out Putin 

Lol sure that’s why he walked back his statement to look like less of a bitch. 

> If you think Trump wasn’t harsher on Putin in general,

Has he ever said anything bad about Russia or Putin? Ever?
$C: What I'm asking as you is, when people were criticizing Obama, did you retort with the same rhetoric? Did you shut down detractors by saying this is what the people voted for?
$C: So your saying you don't want your illusioj ruined?  Haha. 
$C: Calling a spade a spade. 
$C: No, he just clicked the profile of the guy. And hes right.

I frequently check on T_D to see whats posted there. They sunk even lower than fox 'news'. T_D news are mostly bad memes about things you can prove false within 2 minutes. Its a circlejerk, a confirmation bubble. They never have any controversy, and most importantly, its a fucking trap for more simple people who dont know better and want to be a part of something. 

T_D is collectivly the most unreflected, misinformed mob I have seen. Even worse, the people there hype each other in their extremist views and shield each other from reality. They are fucking dangerous.
$C: >There's no point arguing with someone so far down the drain of cognitive bias.

Which is exactly the sort of thing someone who has no substantive arguments or real confidence in their beliefs says.  Your tactics are transparent and we see right through you.   
$C: [deleted]
$C: Wow that's not very nice America does deserve it. It doesn't mean let it happen but by standards of what we do to other countries this is so minor
$C: Seems like /u/hitlerwasagasman is the kind of person who deserves whatever happened to his country with such a petty mindset like that. 

Such a shame that in 2018 we still have people with such immature ways of thinking 
$C: [deleted]
$C: Oh thank god. Carry on good lad. 
$C: You lost me.  Was that about Hillary?
$C: I am not trying to argue, I said go outside. OP is clearly losing his mind about something beyond the scope of his life. 
$C: >The ignorance and unawareness is just unbelievable.

On that we certainly agree, mate.
$C: [deleted]
$C: [removed]
$C: My Democrats? My Republicans? 
$C: So what would you do next? 
$C: Huh? Wrong person, the question did get answered tho so maybe you are just dumb. It depends on what you mean by “affect”. Can they buy ads and post on social media to sway people? Yes. You have not answered the question asked of you either. 
$C: [removed]
$C: I brought up collusion because there are comments saying it's proof. I wanted to know why they are saying that. If you don't know why they're saying it then just say you don't know why they are saying it. The rest of your comment is complaining about nothing. Wow, Russia posts FB memes? Who gives a shit?
$C: I'm happy with Trump. I really don't think what he said was that offensive, but then again I don't suffer from Trump Derangement Syndrome.
$C: > Or is it that they’re intentionally misleading Trump to start trouble with Russia? 

Bingo. I'm not sure why you think unelected faceless bureaucrats are incapable of corruption, but I guess that's where you and I disagree. 
$C: Here's the thing. The Intel community has been politically weaponized, and that's why we're having hearings over their investigation.
$C: Having a ball? So, you guys are full of shit with your "outrage"? I fucking knew you guys were faking it. Pathetic.
$C: That's figuratively bullshit. See how that works? Your words didn't literally come out of a cow's ass (I assume).
$C: Source your claim.
$C: BuT tRuMp Is EviL
$C: source plz. need a jump off point for current emission #s
$C: I'm not screaming anything, I'm genuinely curious as to the main reasons why you support Trump. I don't think I've been anything less than civil in this thread. 
$C: LMFAO! did you really just repost your comment that was deleted by mods? hahahaha lets see if your 2nd attempt is any better than your first. 
$C: > Russia doesn’t influence our news media

> the TV programs reported on the emails being hacked but everyone was kind of more focused on what was in the emails.

You explained my point for me.

> That is legit impeachable information right there. 

No, it’s not. 

> But yes let’s focus on the fact that Russian hackers managed to get into the DNC’s shit firewall system 

You’re wrong.

[Inside story: How Russians hacked the Democrats’ emails](https://www.apnews.com/dea73efc01594839957c3c9a6c962b8a)

> there was a reason Hillary didn’t fucking win.

Which was? Maybe Trump brainwashing America with Russia’s help? You seem pretty brainwashed yourself.

$C: > Trump tower meeting was setup by the firm Hillary hired (FusionGPS).

Lie. It was set up to talk about sanctions, or as Trump put it on Air Force One, “adoptions.”

> Papadapolous never hacked email, helped anyone back email, nor did he even know about it until Mifsud (a western Intel asset) told him about it.

Papadopoulos worked for Trump’s campaign and knew Russia had “dirt” on Hillary in the form of stolen emails. And he didn’t go to the FBI about it.

> What did Manafort do exactly other than tax evasion 10 years ago?

Him and Trump dropped the part about Ukraine at the RNC. And Manafort has deep connections and debt to Russian oligarchs, that’s seemingly why he worked on Trump’s campaign for free.

> What did Cohen do?

He allegedly paid Russian hackers.

> What did Carter Page do?

He’s an unregistered foreign agent, like Flynn.





$C: There’s a Wikipedia page.

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Russian_interference_in_the_2016_United_States_elections
$C: Which countries are you citing that have better justice systems than the United States and why do you feel they are superior? Genuinely curious, cheers. 
$C: thats exactly how i would respond if i didnt know what i was talking about
$C: Source?
$C: You’re projecting. But since you keep bringing it up, yes: terrorism is very concerning. What? Only conservatives are concerned about the safety of their families and communities? Wow! That says some disturbing things about your thinking. I guess you can go on turning a blind eye. It’s your world to live in.

And no, sport...I didn’t make any of it up. There’s this newfangled thing called Google. Been around a while. Ask somebody to help you with it.

The perp is 34. Born in Iran. Living in Germany. Authorities are thus far refusing to give his name or to comment on his motives.

And you...can can stagger back to your world of make-believe where all is unicorns and rainbows.

Cheers!
$C: Really sorry to hear that, I'm not quite to that level. I anger myself when I wake up in the morning and read the DJT twitter feed. I'm not sure why I willingly choose to do that. 

Hopefully there is a change of mindset...but for most it will be too late if/when America gets to that point. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: I doubt that, so I won’t guess.
$C: It’s unfortunate, Internet/Reddit conversation makes it so easy to simply bail out without a second afterthought, but I experienced stating my annoyance over this to the person I’m
talking with usually leaves me at the worse end of the conversation in the end, dismissing everything I said before and steering the conversation somewhere completely off-topic.

Oh well, I simply have to accept that and move on. 

“Not worth it”
$C: Donald Trump Jr. lied at least four ways about the meeting in Trump Tower, where Russian agents talked to him about having dirt on Hillary Clinton. That's a smokescreen for corruption. 
$C: >Fact is that there isn't any real evidence for all these claims about Trump. 

Yup 12 intelligence officials are just lying. Trumps the only one telling the truth. 

>The Democrats are doing everything in their power to stop him because he is a threat to their agenda.


Robert Meuller is a republican. Life long republican. 

You’re uneducated cared. 

>Also, you really believe that for me to have these views I'm a meth head? or another addict of some kind?

Or so extremely uneducated that doing meth might actually be a step up because you’re brain would be working fast enough to understand that you just said a majority republican intelligence community is working for the democrats. 

Find it so amazing how many foreigners know more about what’s going on in this situation than Americans. 

Stick to your own country and Brexit. Clearly you fucked up on that end too. 
$C: Please post the link to the evidence so I can catch up and get on your level.
$C: You have to be kidding, there has been dozens upon dozens of leaks and not a single shred of ANYTHING.

If there is just post it. Reply to me and post it. Anything.
$C: I blame it on humanity. For instance: I'm shit at getting my taxes in on time. I know I need to pay them, it isn't like it is some kind of mystery. I just procrastinate. People often have "real life" on their minds. How do I get away from criminal issues in my country? I'll go to a country where cops don't take bribes. How do I afford Tide here? It is $20 WTH? Oh shit, my kid has chicken pox, which is funny because I sure do have shingles. Father like son right boy? Good thing this community college has a [fill in the blank] course because I love that stuff. Hell yeah, I'm going to start an upholstery [or whatever] business and have a significantly lower likelihood of being a dangerous criminal than a native born citizen.
I live on Cherokee land. If we are going to get all pissy about people moving in with permission then it is a little rich. 

$C: If it's not so hard then provide it idiot. It's because you can't. Liar.
$C: How likely is it that said potential is actualized? From what I can tell, it's low. What evidence do you have that suggests otherwise?
$C: Maybe don't take the word of a habitual liar seriously?
$C: And then said that they did, and then said that they didn't.  And then said that they did, and then said that they didn't.
$C: You forgot morons
$C: Honestly I wish they did away with the whole thing and just went back to shadowy backroom deals to pick the candidate, allowing the masses to pick the nominee is how we ended up with Trump.  The Republican establishment would have never picked him without the flawed primary process pushing him.  
$C: As long as his consistent what??
$C: Almost as amazing as people who trot out "DNC rigged their primary!" Like it excuses the shitpile the GOP has created. I'm touched all these republicans care about internal DNC politics but it's not relevant and is an attempt to deflect.

If you're a hardcore Dem then I guess we can go ahead debate whether those policies are the best for our party or not. I have a feeling the people that post about the DNC not choosing Sanders are just concern trolls and don't actually care.
$C: Photoshop exists.

I would never trust any intel given by an enemy.
$C: I wasn't doing anything illegal.

We live together.

There is an intruder.

He found me spanking myself.

You say we let the intruder break in at any time.
$C: You need to be honest Trump lied to your face given that he has the intel. 
$C: Those sanctions were for the hacking though... and Trump did enforce them.
$C: Why are you obsessed with Clinton? This is about trump and his potentially criminal complacency with and apologism for Putin’s attacks on American democracy. 
$C: People voted for the better candidate lol
$C: I mean, you dont have to convince me that it's illegal for a private organization to put forth the candidate of their choice. You only have to convince the judges and lawyers who seem to disagree with you.
$C: No, it's actually not. Bernie lost all on his own. Anyone who donated to the DNC (or any political party) expecting that money to be spent to advance Bernie's (or Hillary's) primary campaign is just too stupid to live. No party money was spent on candidates in the primary, dope. Bernie raised and spent $24 million more than Hillary for the primary and he still lost. GTFO.
$C: Bernie isn’t a Democrat, he’s independent. Why should the DNC have to throw everything they have behind a candidate who isn’t even a member of the party? If they thought Clinton had a better shot then they were within their rights to choose her as the nominee. That’s how the two party system works, if you don’t like it then get in line. What they did may have been underhanded and not what a majority of people wanted, but it wasn’t illegal.
$C: Just out curiosity, if not Reuters, what do you consider a credible source?
$C: Thanks for the background inn reuters! That literally changes nothing and doesn't discredit the source at all. Nice try though. 
$C: There's no evidence in your comment.
$C: I just named Reuters as an example. There are plenty other sources you can pick from. You can read the indictments yourself, too. Also, indictments are not only accusations. They also present the base for their charges. Everything else follows in court.

And I'm still waiting for evidence/sources for your claims.
$C: So ad hominem through and through. Gotcha. 
$C: You're changing the topic. I'm asking about your claim regarding it being leaked from within. Can you share any evidence supporting that?
$C: Did you really try to make an argument with the actions of a distinctive different government from a completelty different time period?
$C: The indictment is actually very specific, but you have to have read it to know that. 
$C: ROFL random? Are you joking me? Do you typically just see what you want? Or do you ever allow yourself to see the truth? Good God
$C: >random Russians

Yep, just 12 random *Russian Intelligence Officers* who work for the **Russian government**. Yep. Just random people.

I’m sure you’ve watched crime shows enough to understand *basic* investigation protocol. You don’t fucking reveal information until the investigation is finished. That’s like grade level shit.
$C: It's maddening 
$C: oof.. I hear you, I really do. I *personally*just have a hard time "trusting" a government entity without the option to evaluate and judge the evidence myself. 

I also think that if russian state intelligence DID leak the DNC emails, ( ip addresses and consistency with a known hacking group is not "proof" ) that is a GOOD THING for our democracy. I'm sure that if republicans had a similar leak that there would have been evidence of foul play as well. Government is just too big, with too many special interests.

I'm not trying to say Donald Trump is great or anything, I despise this two party system, it weakens the democracy of this country and divides its people.
$C: Oh, now that's just cute lol
$C: Lol cute 
$C: Him bowing to Putin for 40 minutes on TV is not evidence? Come on, Putin didn't even deny he has kompromat on ol' orange.
$C: Y'all have been saying Hillary's guilty of something-something-Benghazi for about six years now and nothing's happened, so, we have loads of time left on the clock, all things being fair and I'm sure you wouldn't have it any other way, right, mate? 
$C: Brennan and Clapper lmao. What a surprise. Proven liars who are liberal advocates.
$C: The New York Times issues more retractions than any other paper I've read. Their credibility is shaky at best.
$C: What conspiracy theories did I bring up exactly? It's simply a fact that he chooses to surround himself with people who have been federally indicted on multiple charges. It's clear that that fact alone does not bother you, which is disturbing and despicable.
$C: Just another coffee boy right? Hope you're doing alright keeping the sand out of your ears with your head buried like that.
$C: lol what facts? 
$C: 21st Century McCarthyism is alive and well! Everyone I don't agree with is a Liberal!!

🙄
$C: >I'll be damned if I let some snobby liberal call me a Russian because I support Trump. Trump won. Get over it and stop crying about Russians. 

Lol, you poor victim. Where did the anonymous user you label as snobby hurt you?

Why do trump supporters (and trump) always got to be the biggest victims?
$C: Oh I don't doubt that the Russian strategy is to turn us against each other.  I don't doubt they've been effective either.  I've read the reports on them organising BLM pages and pro-Muslim rallies.

But it wasn't the Russians who decided that opposing any and all legislation from Obama, regardless of if it was good or bad, was a viable political strategy.

It wasn't the Russians who decided to block Obama from appointing a Supreme Court Justice.

That was Mitch McConnell.

Your hand wringing about us "getting along as Americans?"  It means nothing when we are up against a political party willing to employ scorched earth tactics.  You vote every single Republican who did that, or who agrees with it, out of office?  Then we can talk about healing the nation.

Until then?  You're asking me to let my abusive spouse back into my life one more time because "come on baby, they've changed."

Fuck that.

You want to tell sob stories?  You do you.  That does nothing to fix the rot at the core of the GOP.
$C: It would be kinda like that blog “why my toddler is crying.”
$C: Everytime he's said there was no Russian involvement. It's an easy Google if you're willing to try.
$C: I would ctrl+c the article for you, but at that point I'd might as well be reading it to you, which im sure you're perfectly capable of doing on your own
$C: Lol ik. 
$C: Poor phrasing on my part.  I meant more like concrete evidence that this wasn't widely accepted behavior from other administrations. Such as demonstrating that Russiagate is fundamentally different from Chinagate. Still a difficult task with Trump supporters, but you have to demonstrate to them not only that his behavior is morally wrong, but that it is completely outside of the norm.  The view of Trump supporters is that everything against him is basically "fighting in a hockey game."
$C: So no factual arguments, just shit on the source. 
$C: I didn’t post a daily caller article.  Lol
$C: Says the guy who actually committed an ad hominem “warped liberal mind”.., not to mention your dear leader who is constantly committing ad hominem attacks on people he “debates” with 
$C: Ad hominem on what? They attacked the sources (rightfully so), not you.
$C: ad ho·mi·nem -

adverb & adjective -
1
(of an argument or reaction) directed against a person rather than the position they are maintaining.
$C: They provide no concrete evidence.  No investigations resulting in indictments. 
$C: According to that source, Hillary wasn't fired. But Zeifman (chief counsel of the judiciary committee that organized the inquiry Clinton was working on) had some very strong opinions about her being "dishonest," "unethical," and "a liar." And misinterpreting the constitution. And disregarding legal precedent.

So not fired, but she doesn't sound like a model employee either 
$C: As long as we’re attacking sources, snopes is shit.  
$C: This is a whataboutism. 
$C: Good thing we live in a country where the president can’t order you arrested.  
$C: Well, he is the president. 
$C: Lol, yeah ok.  She barely made it through her loser of a campaign. 
$C: Attacking rape victims all while fighting for women’s rights.   
$C: [removed]
$C: \> They just chose the politically expedient route, which was to do nothing official, because they didn't want to shake up the election as they thought Clinton was a lock to win.

Wrong. It clearly says why they chose the course of action they took.

\> fearful that any unilateral action by them would feed then candidate Donald Trump’s claims that the election was rigged.

You can call it a political move, but that doesn't fix the problem that there was NO support from republicans and the GOP presidential candidate was doing everything in his power to turn the narrative into something that would make any unilateral action by the Obama administration to seem like they were attempting to sway the election. 
$C: Because Bitch McConnell would've weaponized it.  A stern warning is better than sucking Putin's cock like trump did on live TV.  I'm surprised they aired that smut
$C: wait you dont know who the boss of the national security adviser is?  did you vote trump? lul
$C: Nobody said he was. But Obama was trying to come out with a bipartisan response to the meddling and he refused to. Read the entire thing before responding if you want to actually have an honest discussion. Obama didn't just sit there and not do anything. 

https://www.npr.org/2018/07/15/629281975/fact-check-did-the-obama-administration-respond-to-election-interference-by-russ
$C: Double edged sword.  Act and it looks like he's trying to interfere in the election and it plays into Trump' s campaign rhetoric. It seems like the tried to straddle the middle ground, focusing on defensive measures and trying for bipartisan support.  Obama certainly didn't do nothing, there were sanctions and statements, and the NSA tried to work with local governments to up protection. It clearly wasn't enough but the alternatives were far from easy and obvious decisions. 
$C: Not really
$C: LOL

A Russian shooting activist meets with NRA board members at a trade show. Entirely separately NRA donates 30 million to Trump... By your logic that means $30 million is filtered from Russia to Trump. That's FUCKING RETARDED even for a clearly TDS inflicted individual. NRA donated due paying member money to Trump, no filtering required.

NRA has a handful of foreign attendees every Annual Meeting, and it’s not unusual. She was there lobbying for her own group. And if you read the ACTUAL CHARGES against her... It has fucking nothing to do with the NRA at all.

F A K E N E W S B R O

http://assets.documentcloud.org/documents/4600265/Butina-Affidavit-in-Support-of-Criminal-Complaitn.pdf
$C: Good fascists should be alienated.
$C: Identity politics will be the death of the Democratic party.  What can we go out in the streets and protest today?  
$C: Nah its identity politics fucks like you. Go get your ass blasted by Putin just like your dream boy Trump.


$C: Please seek mental help.
$C: Absolutely no one said that.  The fact that our most sacred act as Americans, voting, was at the least attempted to be interfered with and your first reaction is to defend or diminish that fact shows that you care more for your party politics than our country.  
$C: Maybe because it's a strawman, I dunno
$C: I don't know why you people can't comprehend that just because Russia didn't physically force people to vote for Trump does not absolve them of all allegations of meddling.
$C: Russia used psychological warfare techniques to ensure we had two extremely shitty choices to vote for and use social media to divide us even further. It's a damn shame it worked so well. We are a dumb, hedonistic society. The democrats are also to blame for believing Hilary would win against Trump easily. The spineless democratic party is shit, but they are not TRAITORS. 
$C: Lying to people lots and lots of times is not forcing someone to do anything.   I think you know that.  I think you are intentionally being obtuse.
$C: Yes specifically the quote was made about illegals voting after a trump tweet. You can try to retroactively apply it to russia but this quote had nothing to do with it.  

https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/2016-election/president-obama-donald-trump-about-rigged-elections-stop-whining-n668276
$C: Since it's impossible for illegals to vote... stop whining.  
$C: >Why don't you point to things he's actually tried to do for this country?

Let's play this game. Why don't you point to things Obama tried to do for this country? Why is it that when you talk trash about Obama, there's no intelligence behind the accusation, but when defending Trump you make it sound like he's a model human being?
$C: Spending tax payer dimes to go to his own golf property constantly, enriching his wife's business with that whole China shit and that's just two of them..
$C: > Please don’t be patronizing. I’ve been around long enough to have watched the first moon landing

Yea ok. And you sound as gullible as someone born yesterday. I've heard the same out "anonymous source" defense a thousand times. 

>I think my cynicism and skepticism are warranted.

You mean unnecessary. His recent blunder all but supports the what is being reported by this article. If there have been no previous indications of Trump rejecting the reality that Russians were meddling in the election, your skepticism and cynicism are 100% warranted. 
$C: Living longer than others doesn’t make you “wise” or even close to correct. When the moon landing was taking place, you had “news” outlets claiming we found aliens. Every era has had bad journalistic practices. This is not new, and journalism has not declined. We just have more of it. 

Now, please name 3 news outlets you think still has integrity. 3 you still trust to get your news from, please. 
$C: Ok... so you believe Trump’s lies?
$C: I forgot. Damn that's sorta sad but I don't pity them at all.
$C: Alright, I think I already figured you out. You are one of the following:

* An indoctrinated trump supporter
* An indoctrinator of trump supporters
* A foreign or domestic actor with a political agenda
* A bot account for one of the above

You know how I know? It's because your post was filled to the brim with half-truths, logical fallacies, and goal-post moving and this isn't something that an average person would cook up. This is a deliberate attempt to mislead people and I'm going to dismantle all your points one by one: 

> https://www.washingtonexaminer.com/house-intelligence-memo-released-what-it-says/article/2647937

> Dossier was used in the FISA warrant. IG of the DOJ is releasing a report around the FISA abuse in the government so stay tuned

Congratulations, you misrepresented your own argument. You originally said that the FISA warrants were "based on" these dossiers. The link you provided does assert that the dossiers were a component, but if you look at the full picture by comparing it to the minority report on the same topic, the dossiers were a *part* of the basis for the FISA warrant along with other documents and evidence. In order for this claim to be true, you would have to somehow prove that the FISA documents were *only* or *primarily* based on the dossiers. The source you provided does not demonstrate that. 

> 3 dossiers. One from Fusion GPS, one from McCain, and one from mother Jones
 
This is from theduran which does not pass the factual accuracy test (https://mediabiasfactcheck.com/the-duran/), so you're going to have to provide another source here. 

> Dossier is fake: “explosive but unverified”
> https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.forbes.com/sites/paulroderickgregory/2017/01/13/the-trump-dossier-is-false-news-and-heres-why/amp/

Did you even read this link? This is a guy without any direct connections to the investigation or the dossier claiming that it's fake news because he doesn't think it's real. There's no evidence in here at all; the entire article is pure speculation. Is speculation enough for you? 

> https://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2018/02/01/russia-steele-dossier-democrats-republicans-216921

Again, there is absolutely nothing substantive here and it's all speculation. There isn't a single piece of evidence offered to to contradict or refute any of the claims presented in the dossier. Furthermore, this article has its facts wrong anyway. This article states, "Perkins Coie, of course, took Fusion’s research in a new direction by hiring Christopher Steele, a former top British intelligence official with deep ties in Moscow who was held in high regard in Washington." However, this is not true as Perkins Cole didn't hire Cristopher Steele; Perkins Cole paid Fusion GPS for opposition research who in turn hired Christopher Steele. This is a falsehood that makes it sound like they were directing/controlling more things than they were. 

> https://www.buzzfeednews.com/article/kenbensinger/these-reports-allege-trump-has-deep-ties-to-russia#.diLxQlJL3

Not only is this all speculation, but they also don't claim anything about it being 'disproven'. Instead, they said it was 'unverified'. This does not support your claim that the dossier(s) were "publicly disproven"

> Buzz feed got put into a corner about the dossier because it’s fake. The DNC wouldn’t comply. Buzzfeed sued. It got buried... https://www.google.com/amp/thehill.com/homenews/media/373711-buzzfeed-suing-dnc-over-trump-dossier%3famp

This is another logical fallacy called "affirming the consequent". Buzzfeed could have been sued because the dossier was fake, but it also could have been sued for other reasons. Also, their lawsuit wasn't buried and one of the most recent things that happened in the case is that they were told that they could assert fair-report privilege as a protection for their reporting. 

> https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.nytimes.com/2018/05/16/us/politics/crossfire-hurricane-trump-russia-fbi-mueller-investigation.amp.html
> agents summarized their highly unusual interview and sent word to Washington on Aug. 2, 2016, two days after the investigation was opened.

On this point, we are both right due to the language we used and because we didn't disambiguate. I was referring to the special counsel investigation and you were referring to all investigations into trump. The line that was literally after your quotation says: 

"The agents summarized their highly unusual interview and sent word to Washington on Aug. 2, 2016, two days after the investigation was opened. Their report helped provide the foundation for a case that, a year ago Thursday, became the special counsel investigation."

So no, the special counsel investigation has not been going on for two years, but there were prior investigations that formed the basis of the current special counsel investigation. 

> Congressional candidate ? Who? You mean Schiff that was trying to seek nude pictures of Trump from Russia??? https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.washingtonexaminer.com/adam-schiff-pranked-by-russians-who-offered-nude-photos-of-trump%3f_amp=true

This is a non-sequitur logical fallacy, so I'm not going to bother addressing it. Nobody is talking about schiff seeking nude pictures of trump from Russia so I'm not sure why you are bringing it up or how it is relevant. For my original point, you can refer to the mueller indictments of the 12 russians to see information on the congressional candidate who obtained information from russian operatives. 

> https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.rferl.org/amp/29162797.html

> Russia dropped a pipeline in the water to give oil to Germany.

> https://money.cnn.com/2018/07/11/news/economy/russian-gas-germany-trump/index.html

These are also non-sequitur logical fallacies and have no relevance to the conversation, so I'm not sure why you are bringing them up and will again ignore them. 
$C: This was a massive disinformation campeign executed by a hostil foreign power. It's different. 
$C: “These short-term facilities do not employ the use of ‘cages’ to house UACs [unaccompanied alien children], but portions of the facility make use of barriers in order to separate minors of different genders and age groups,” an administration official said. “This is for the safety and security of all minors in the custody of the United States government.”

safety and security unlike when the children are on a journey through the border with their careless parents amongst gangster ass cartel coyotes. 

this is the problem. you are worried about the optics of a chain link fence. look at the current McAllen pictures. Obama's set up was worse. now whataboutism me to dismiss my truths and call me dishonest so that you can continue to ignore FACTS.
also, keep ignoring the fact that illegal alien parents are putting their children in an immense amount of danger by illegally immigrating amongst thugs in harsh conditions. Why don't you direct your outrage at them? The Mexican Government? Why not at the Cartel? Why not at the irresponsible parents that are illegally migrating? Why always at Republicans or Trump?

the reason is that your outrage is controlled by a system that you willfully conform to. You are not the resistance, you are the assistance. You are the help. a Democrat slave.
$C: omg. the last link is the adult facility. you are dumb. lol. try HARDER.

"derber derby doo feckin MO RAN" - you and all of your cookie cutter homies. grow up bitch.
$C: Nonsense.  This isn't you being discerning, this is you being fucking blind.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Impeaching him would be a great start, yeah.
$C: I'm not really for impeachment. I'd prefer to see congress change hands in Nov to limit and check his power, then to see him voted out in 2020, after which he should be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law for any and all wrongdoing and illegal activity uncovered, should there be any in Muellers report, along with any other member of his administration who broke the law or knowingly covered it up.

I don't get why people want to impeach... Other than sucking Putins cock which is a Trump thing, Pence would be far worse for the country. Imagine Repubs controlling House, Senate, and WH with someone at the top who can actually get things done and not create a giant shitshow every time he speaks or moves.
$C: Ah gotcha. 

Another question.

What supposed problem do you think will be fixed by more people turning out to vote?
$C: Why conservatives aren't angry about Donald Trump colluding with a foreign government is puzzling to me
$C: Says the guy who supports the Russian lap dog. 
$C: You're comparing the 166-year old *New York Times*, which has won 125 Pulitzer Prizes, with 4-year old online site *The Intercept*, Glenn Greenwald's personal fiefdom, funded out of pocket by Pierre Omidyar?

In addition to employing Juan Thompson-- who not only fabricated quotes in stories, but was later arrested for cyberstalking and making bomb threats against Jewish Community Centers-- The Intercept managed to get its own confidential source arrested. You might have heard of her: Reality Winner.

So no, *The Intercept* isn't quite up to the same standards
$C: Let me rephrase it for you, because it seems that you can't understand. The left uses this tactic. CNN is left wing, no? Left wing news outlets like CNN point to inconsequential information to drive public outrage, no? Think a couple weeks back. Remeber when CNN attacked Trump because he saluted a North Korean general who saluted him first? Remeber a couple days ago when CNN attacked Trump because he criticized Merkel's deals with Russia? They demonized Trump when he had done notging wrong, and this is all too common. I am calling you out because you are ignorant of the tactics used by your side of the debate, and you look hypocritical when you accuse others of doing it. I'm very tired right now so I don't really wanna continue this. Goodbye.

Edit - Nothing to say about the sources, also?
$C: I'm laughing at people who still support Trump, I guess the circus would vote for a clown after all
$C: Because they are fleeing terrible conditions like the cartels and gang wars, I do think we should help as many people as we can, whether they have children or not. I know pregnant women do make the journey, hoping for a better life for their kid, but I also think people just have kids because that's what people do. So either way it's a problem we have to deal with. 

Coming from a state with a huge amount of illegal immigrants I have to say they are good for our economy. Desperate immigrants do jobs no one else wants to do for wages no one else will work for. There are a lot of hard working immigrants and I think the whole welfare thing is one of those things used to make people suspicious of immigrants and to look down on them. 

With that said I'm sure there are a ton of immigrants that abuse the system. They are human beings just like the people born here and a certain amount are going to be scummy just like us. I think we need to make it harder for everyone to abuse the system. I can't believe food stamps can be used at fast food places for instance. The goal of food stamps is to make sure those that can't afford it have proper nutrition for goodness sake. 

If there are children that need food and shelter I think we have a duty to help them, so I am not anti welfare for immigrants. But like I said, the system needs serious adjustments to prevent those of all backgrounds from taking advantage of it. 
$C: No. Not sure how that’s even the same when Trump is a Russian puppet. What world leader is a puppet of America?
$C: Its almost like when conducting an investigation that you start at the bottom and work your way up. You understand that this is a process, right? Almost like the underlings in the conspiracy has to be leveraged into giving up their superiors. 
$C: [removed]
$C: Quote from your link then.  

Where does it say they didn't find chemical weapons *usage* in all Syria?  

Where does it even say that the attacks in Sarquib and Ltamenah didn't happen?

You're so big on evidence... show it or GTFO.
$C: Ok Trump supporter, you know what’s up. /s
$C: It would be biased if they were favoring Democrats. The GOP and Trump look bad because they made themselves look bad. Yes a lot of Democrats are sell outs too. They are reported on. But there have been so many unprecedented actions by Republicans in recent years and that makes me deeply distrust many Republicans politicians. They are making news. They are creating it themselves. 
$C: Well, the Dalai Lama is dead. However these intelligence officials are not, and could easily correct the NY Times if they were misquoted. 

Edit: I'm tired and was was thinking of Ghandi. Either way,  living people can make a statement when they are misquoted. 
$C: ^^^^^^^^🎻

I can’t make it any smaller.
$C: The difference between a pick up game and an nba game. 
$C: "You are simply strawmanning with *absolutely no* meat to your words."










This picture says otherwise
https://i.imgur.com/d99WWA7.jpg

$C: Because I thought you made a really valid point that demonstrates how ludicrous the disposition of the majority of POTUS’ detractors is.
$C: *woman, and you as well. Nice to see that there are republicans that can be civil. (I know there are plenty, but it's easy to get hot-headed.)
$C: Yeah man tell me all about how well those Russian sanctions are going. 

But they tarriffed aluminum, that hurts Putin for sure! /s
$C: [deleted]
$C: [removed]
$C: The proof will be revealed in the courts. The investigation has be allowed to get there. He has done everything in his power since his inauguration to ensure that it doesn't. WAKE UP!
$C: > You'd like it that people just accepted what you claimed was true and didn't make waves on your narrative.

What narrative?  And frankly, I don't give two shits if you believe me or not.  I gave up trying to help fools a long time ago.  I do not have the patience or ability to convince those who do not wish to listen.

And yes, I told you to stop talking because in my experience no one ever *stops* being an ignorant moron when they start out as one willfully, so being more polite was quite a waste of time.
$C: > If they were trying to collude why would they meet in Trump tower? 

Lol because it’s pretty clear the whole family is fucking retarded. 
$C: Who is the president right now? Is it, or is it not, a problem that the current president is lying to us?  

Forget about your "team" for one fucking second and **think.** Realize what's going on. Realize that I'm not your enemy, the "left" isn't your enemy. This bastard lying to you in the white house while lining his own pockets is your enemy. Wake up.
$C: You’re lying.
$C: No that's not what I believe. I believe what the indictment says. You can go read it right now if you want. You can even find out what I actually believe, instead of whatever bullshit straw man you think I believe. 
$C: Hollywood is just that, HOLLYWOOD, nobody claims to be objective and even if they do it's obviously bogus. There's no real truth in Hollywood so they will show whatever makes them money. 
$C: > March 13 CNN **town hall**

What you said earlier 

> The head of the DNC gave Hilary questions ahead of time before **debates** on CNN.

I want to know about these **debate** questions you mentioned. 
$C: The dossier is real and Trump is a fake President. You’re backwards.
$C: Lol #SAD
$C: Lol #LUGGENPRESSE
$C: We don’t know what Muller’s team has found or what leads they are perusing, but based on what’s been reported there’s still reasonable doubt. If you believe Trump is innocent I can understand why you are still unconvinced that he personally and knowingly colluded with Russia. 

However if you still cannot understand how a person that does not support Trump would question his integrity, I’ll try to explain it. There’s enough questionable activity around Trump to arouse suspicion and since he’s notoriously untruthful it is difficult for a person that doesn’t support him to take him at his word. 


$C: Sure
$C: I mean, considering this thread is 4 days old, I think you'll be safe
$C: I get that.  I figured the "literally shaking" would be a dead giveaway lol
$C: I get that.  I figured the "literally shaking" would be a dead giveaway lol
$C: [deleted]
$C: Forgive my ignorance, what does EV stand for in this cotext? (I cant help but think of effort values from pokemon lol)
$C: Hearing the same thing over and over. They've been in the echo chamber so long, they've become echoes themselves.
$C: > EV cars are made by polluting too!!! (so are ICE cars ... but then ICE cars are fueled by pollution...)

Interesting, I've never heard an EV naysayer use this argument, as it is clearly idiotic. Rather they tend to say "where do you think your electricity comes from? That's right, a lot of the time it's coal!" which is not 100% wrong but kind of misses the point. 
$C: You naziserious are you?
$C: Yeah, in this ever I connected world we should be making the How's of that interconnectedness more well known. The likes of Trump and brexit are a reaction to neoliberalism - arguably the best invention to get most people out of abject poverty - but it does leave an awful lot to be desired, so I can understand the fear when there's people actively trying to manipulate us. 

If people understood the mechanisms more they would understand what they're voting for more. I haven't studied economics since I was 15 cause I hated it. Instead of training people for the workplace we should be training people for life, we still fail at that as predominantly capitalist cultures. 
$C: Either everyone in the world is lying. Or just Trump is lying. As far as conspriacy theories go, this one really doesn’t require much critical thinking to figure out what is going on here.
$C: Wait, I'm lost. Are we really talking about fluffers' mouths and 4 year olds?
$C: We built both the seat belt and the laws that require them to be used.

FB could build tech to fact check posts and then the law could require it be used...


$C: >That's by the way the how you decide between what ought be legal or not: Is it harmful?

 Thanks for the reminder, but you also need logistics behind it. 

Anyway my argument is very simple ,and not the one you are having with me, so please stop that.

Comparing the fake news crisis to fixing automobile deaths is totally naive, and it is practically a far more complicated issue.

Argue with that \^, not what you feel like. 
$C: Ron Howard: "It was."
$C: It's got what plants crave!
$C: This is true, the Common Core is based around critical thinking. I personally believe it is a step in the right direction.

However implementation of it means that administrators get to interpret what they think it means. Use of non-fiction text means only use of non-fiction text. The common core says students must discern information from non-fiction text. It doesn't specify that is the only avenue for teaching and learning.
$C: I was confused for a solid 2 minutes until I finally looked at your username. Nice.

I believe Canada is better than the US, and probably somewhat better than the U.K., yeah.

Oh yeah, the U.K. is better than the US in terms of education, if only by a short way. The state schools are underfunded, in fact last year an infants school in Theresa May’s own constituency had to beg people for stationary, but yeah.
$C: Yeah, but the fact that there’s such a disparity is part of the problem. It’s interesting. In the US, if you have the money, you’ll get the best of everything: healthcare, education, standard of living, etc.

It’s the poor, the most disadvantaged in society who get shafted. Consequence of the way the US operates, at least partially.
$C: I agree, but parents also don't just exist in isolation - they themselves are the culmination of their own childhood education and (for the sake of not going into every single influence on their lives lets just say) society at large. Many parents themselves were/are ill equipped to pass on that understanding, accountability, responsibility etc... And an assailing army of profitable interests who benefit from their *not* understanding descend upon them daily (I mean things like for-profit news realizing scary stories sell and now everyone believes in stranger danger and every person on the street is a pedophile just waiting for a shot at little timmy; Or the modern-ish prevalence of overbearing parenting - isolating kids from the world so much more than perhaps they should be to the point they become adults without ever having to deal with adult things; Advertisers manipulating every human emotion they can and the subsequent societal responses to their advances, the somewhat archaic structure of modern education in general; etc...)

I meant to just hit a few things to show that just blaming the parents for shortcomings solves about as much as blaming the state - but I realized while writing this out that there could be volumes written on this shit. This is an incredibly complicated societal problem: we must blame eachother and ourselves, we must blame the state and the parents, we must blame any entity that profits off of ignorance (since it will act in it's own interest to preserve our ignorance). 

But once all the blaming is done what can be done to fix this? 

Maybe we just have to be willing to help people understand ourselves? No one is perfect and we've all had moments of failure - what if instead of looking down at failures we step in to help? Of course that would take quite a societal overhaul so I'm not sure how feasible that is, but hey, no bad ideas in brainstorming right? 
We know we can't trust in the uninformed individual to spontaneously acquire what we want to see in them, and we know we can't trust in lofty institutions like the state to abdicate human beings of their duty to the next generation.

Either way, nice conversation man. I'm having fun thinkin about all this      



$C: Eh?  How are you seeing stuff from it on the frontpage if your not subscribed to it?
$C: The ability to piss highest does not make you king of the toilets. 

Edit: never assume anything on Reddit, we're a literal bunch. Use the /s tag. 
$C: I certainly wont argue on the critical thought aspect of education. 
$C: >Having a black president followed up by a woman candidate was too much of a shock to the status quo of America.

How can you verify such a claim? 

I know so many people, myself included, who voted for Obama and then voted for Trump. I never talked shit about Hillary, in fact, I didn't feel super strongly either way.

I don't give a shit about the race or gender of the candidate... I think the people who cried because "it was time for a female president" cared a lot more than I did.
$C: From Pew Research: [Trump won a higher percentage of both black and latino votes than Romney](http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2016/11/09/behind-trumps-victory-divisions-by-race-gender-education/).
$C: Entering the workforce tends to sway people to the right after hard earned money is taken from them  and given to crooked and broken progressive social programs.
$C: Why are you bringing Switzerland into this??
$C: We the people, hold the right to vote for your government, and it's clear that we didn't - So we get rid of the corruption and we place in a new one.

it's really time for the republican party to be ousted from everywhere. Since 1980 they've been working against their people every step of the way.
$C: Every single moment he continues to run the most powerful county on the planet is too much.

Anyone could be better, if Pence does 1/10th of the shit Trump has done, then he will deserve an impeachment too.

To put it simply, if you can't do the job, "You're Fired!"
$C: There's really nothing in the US Constitution that really addresses an election for President in the specific situation of impeachment. Mostly it deals with the case of a war, terrorist attack, assassination, natural death (or alive, but too incapacitated) or something similar.

When Nixon resigned, the Vice president became president. When other presidents died (naturally or by assassination), the vice president was also made president.


Should both Trump AND Pence be impeached, the Presidental line of succession comes into play. It goes Speaker of the house of Representatives (which is Paul Ryan) then to President pro temore of the senate (the person who has been in the senate the longest - currently Orrin Hatch), and then on down through various cabinet secretaries. The cabinet secretaries goes by when the cabinet position was first created, with the secretary of state being the oldest one and the secretary of homeland security being the very last.

[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_presidential_line_of_succession](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_presidential_line_of_succession) 
$C: Some idiots viewed it that way, but they were wrong.  Hillary had her flaws, but she is eminently qualified and is on our side; she would have worked to expand our global leadership, not marginalize it. 

If you think she is at all comparable to what we have now, you've been drinking the propaganda. 
$C: Nah competently evil would've been HRC. She's one of the most competent evil bitches I've ever seen.
$C: Why not just say all Republicans at that point? Are there any Republicans you feel you would be ok with holding any form of office?
$C: Is that why Clinton was impeached?  His penis is a national security concern. 
$C: Who gives a shit? He'll be helming a party that is utterly destroyed at that point, trying to emerge from ashes.  It's not like he'll be able to get a whole lot done when the party is recovering from a traitor being impeached.  What's more, even the alt-right has little love for Pence, or his religious bullshit.  A good portion of t_d posters consider themselves atheist.  Then there is the obvious truth that Pence would never be able to win a reelection.  
$C: And also back-to-back World War champions.
$C: Yeah, I'm very annoyed with the state of this shithole and the admins' continual actions to the contrary of how most think it should be run. And I'm far from the only one, let's make that clear. 

Let's just bring up a random thread, concerned with how the site is run. It's a thread made by the moderators - so you can be sure it's one where people who are concerned actually talk about it:

https://np.reddit.com/r/announcements/comments/7u2zpi/not_my_first_could_be_my_last_state_of_the/

Some cursory reading will quickly bring you to the conclusion that many, many people feel the same as I do. You might not - but don't pretend there isn't a very large user base in the same boat as I am: Waiting for something better. And with any luck, this place will be the new Digg, ASAP
$C: This path is disgusting!
$C: ~Pukes~ 🤮
$C: How is it possible that I have background noise memorized, second-by-second
$C: "325,700,000 people have died in an accident on Uncle Sams's Wild Ride."
$C: They want him to take up my time and energy. So no.
$C: Not sure which country you have in mind but the fact is that a free man is much more productive (3-5 times) than a slave and when combined with the cost of actually feeding and housing them it's more often economics than morality that makes it unsustainable in the long run.

As for the classic example of the Northern States vs the Southern states: 
> The Southern lag in industrial development did not result from any inherent economic disadvantages. There was great wealth in the South, but it was primarily tied up in the slave economy. ... As both the North and the South mobilized for war, the relative strengths and weaknesses of the "free market" and the "slave labor" economic systems became increasingly clear - particularly in their ability to support and sustain a war economy. The Union's industrial and economic capacity soared during the war as the North continued its rapid industrialization to suppress the rebellion. In the South, a smaller industrial base, fewer rail lines, and an agricultural economy based upon slave labor made mobilization of resources more difficult. As the war dragged on, the Union's advantages in factories, railroads, and manpower put the Confederacy at a great disadvantage.

[Industry and Economy during the Civil War - NPS.org](https://www.nps.gov/resources/story.htm%3Fid%3D251)

It was a transitionary period where industrialization was becoming much more important and most of the Southern states were agricultural economies that depended on labour. 
$C: LOL. Do you know how many foreign companies trade on NYSE? It's the largest financial marketplace in the world. You think it's only American companies? 

I am quoting the worlds most valuable companies by market cap. Apple is the most valuable and most profitable. I challenge you to find sources to the contrary.

Why would a source on GDP have made me more credible when we are discussing market capitalization and profitability? 

>Or maybe use the Forbes 2000 list which doesn't really look so good for the US

WHAT?? US has 570 companies on that list, more than double China the #2. Apple leads in Market Cap, Profitability, Sales - what we were discussing. Of course ICBC has more assets - It is the state owned bank of a China. If anything the Forbes 2000 proved my point. You are literally comparing a command economy's state bank to a US tech company in the United States. 

You're kind of all over the place. Have you ever studied Econ or finance?
$C: Well, not really in all situations, but in the cases where firing breaks the contract a judge needs to void the contract. If you blatantly break the rules you can be fired on the spot, same as if you break the law. Most companies offer contracts for a few months first so when they want to get rid of you they just sit it out and don't renew your contract, only after three renewals they're required to offer a permanent position or none at all and that's when it becomes really hard to fire someone. The companies that don't give a shit about their employees just start with a half year contract to see if it works out, then maybe renew it for a year (the max) and then another year, after that they don't renew anymore so they don't have a permanent employee. The better ones try to use offering a permanent position as a selling point to attract good employees.  
There are some more nuanced and complex situations. Like when the company needs to lay off a bunch of people because they can no longer pay them there are ways to do that, but in those cases the ex-employees get government benefits to help them through the time it takes to find a new job. Usually about 70% of what they made at the company and slowly building down.
This is in the Netherlands.
$C: Thanks, and you're of course correct about the downvotes. Oh well. People get angry when you tell them they can't have someone else's money and need to respect others' property rights.
$C: Because his opinion is really detrimental to his own worker's rights. Employers have more power. The regulatory body only steps in when there's a need, so basically when it benefits the worker. The rest of the time there's no difference. So why would anyone in their right mind be against that?
$C: He was downvoted because he's a sheep defending the wolf.
$C: Yeah, that was the arrangement. My labor for your money. We were both under the assumption that we would be better off for it. If one party isn't happy with the deal, they shouldn't be forced to keep going with it unless there's some overriding legal reason (like a contract [which they can choose not to renew]). I don't understand why so many people feel entitled to other people's stuff.
$C: >The courts are supposed to be like parents

No. I'm not going to be infantilized by a bunch of smiling bureaucrats wagging their fingers and telling everyone how naughty they are for making choices in their own interest. Behind that smile is a gun pointing squarely at my head, so, unless I'm depriving someone of their liberty, they can kindly leave me the hell alone.

You can stay over there and be a good boy and enjoy your slavery and extortion and tyranny thinly veiled as compassion.

> Refusing to use that set of referees gives all of the power to the cheater.

No it means no one will play with you.
$C: buddy I upvoted you, just saying that from an american perspective those are definitely not normal.
$C: That’s not the only way to benefit from social structures or have a cooperative society. Deference to hierarchy so that someday you can be the one shitting on the lower ranks rather than being shat upon is counterproductive and awful. We need to get past it, not get used to it.
$C: Then I’m unnatural. Trying to form a group with a person of authority? Why not form a group with people on your level and stand up for fair treatment. 

In school: don’t only argue for your own grade. Argue for the grades of class mates. 

Later in life: form unions. Have a workers committee with some power. Demand a fair working environment. 
$C: And you think all figures in authority want people to lick their boots and couldn't possibly contribute great and meaningful things to society, without being dicks?

If you have ever read any literature or taken any class or had a mentor in your personal life of who you looked up to, and then followed their examples, then you're in the same boat af the rest of us. 

You're a hypocrite. Especially if you are trying to change my way of thinking, cause apparently if I were to succumb to how you view the world through your eyes, might well as put on them boots so I can lick them?

Ok🙄 
$C: That wasn't the point though. What qualifies as late and what gets you a detention is not being in the room when the bell rings. Being in your seat on time didn't matter
$C: Not really. Every day was a struggle to get to that class on time because it was on the other side of the building and with traffic from other students, I'd usually make it about 10 seconds before the bell rang. So every day of be cutting it pretty close. It just so happened that traffic was a little busier that day and that one minor inconvenience made me "late"
$C: If it's really was as you say, then I agree that it was unreasonable - and probably damaging. (Damaging to your relationship with the teacher, and to the school, and trust in general, and so on.)
$C: Yup. You were late, for in trouble, didn't show up again for the punishment and then got in trouble again?

Seems like there is a pattern there. 
$C: Yeah. School can help teach habits that are beneficial to a person progress as a human. 

But I guess I'm just the asshole who thinks that fighting the man and standing up to authority shouldn't be the norm. 

I've had plenty of authority figures in my life who taught me hard lessons, ay my expense. I could have stood up top their "abuse", but I actually came out better for it. Now I have more skill sets than complaining and protesting things I think are unfair.... like showing up on time for commitments. 
$C: OK dude. Good luck inspiring the revolution with your dank memes. 
$C: I don't think they hate America, I just think that given how they seem to throw values Americans have strived for in the past that have shaped America's image under the bus just to spite liberals seems to imply they hate the other side more than they love America and maybe aren't as patriotic as they think they are. 
$C: You pity the US? What sort of earthly paradise do you live in?
$C: Does "serving the people" mean mass importing voters who will disproportionately vote democrat? Does serving the people mean [giving people who aren't citizens the right to vote](https://nextcity.org/daily/entry/boston-city-council-considers-giving-legal-immigrants-voting-rights)?

The democrats are changing the demographics of the country to secure votes and policies which do not match what the people who were living there wanted. I fail to see how importing voters and changing demographics to be more favorable to you is anything but "cheating".
$C: Lots of wild claims and sweeping generalizations here. Politically correct ones, but still. 
$C: Uplifting our country? Like selling 20% of our uranium to, uh oh, Russia? Or running guns to Mexican cartels? How about not fixing the VA, and killing quite a few of America's veterans? How about, if not directly causing (which is a strong possibility), then at least playing a major role in the housing bubble and causing the recession? If you think either party is here for the country, and not for themselves, you are just as deluded as the republicans.
$C: Socialism is the collective ownership of the means of production. The only way a government can be socialist is if they are elected by the people via direct democracy and only act in accordance with the desires of the public. Venezuela is not remotely democratic so it cannot be socialist.
$C: Why do you jump to the conclusion I’m a Trump supporter? I’m the polar opposite and absolutely agree with you, I was just confused about what you were saying :) 

I completely agree. If Trump is impeached, then decisions he made without external validation (like executive orders) should be rescinded. Although I’m not sure you could do the same with judges etc. as they have to pass through Congress.
$C: Good luck with that. I really don’t think there’s any scenario where we hold a re-election on congressman because their elections might have been influenced by the president or presidential election.
$C: No one said democracy was easy, but it sure is worth it.
$C: It's all we can do. This is like people who say, "I don't understand how slavery happened. You had a bunch of people being ordered about by a few. Why didn't they just revolt?!" You have to change your attitude. You have to be willing to put energy into it, even though you don't think it will work. That is how change happens. Back yourself. 
$C: My mind is always open to changing, certain areas are just harder fight than others. One thing I find interesting is your belief that absolutely no other country should have influence on American policies. Does that survive the reflexive property? How many sovereign nations has the US either directly, by means of backed coups and invasions, or indirectly, by means of cyber warfare, influenced in the last 3-4 decades? We are the last country that gets to play the moral high ground in that discussion 
As far as NATO goes maybe if they want America to continue protecting their asses they’ll contribute every once in a while huh? I think that sounds reasonable given the fact they’ve enjoyed almost complete stability thanks in no small part to the US. Mexico and Canada? In all honesty one of them is a third world borderline failed state and the other really is gonna get the harsh end of any supposed trade war. Strong arming them like this really doesn’t bother me in the spirit of America first. 
The thing I have a biggest issue with is your statement about Russia not being a super power. Economically, not really, they rely heavily on gas and don’t have much else going for them. They could cripple Germany with one turn of valve tho so I think that counts for something. But militarily you couldn’t be more wrong. Not only do they have the largest stockpile of nukes their military is ranked #2 ahead of chinas I’m literally every article I’ve ever read. They’re technologically behind us but not by much but the are most definitely in the top three in terms of sheer power so yes, having a positive relationship with them in my eyes is a good thing
As far as the journalists sure, you got me there. KGB methodology does hard
$C: I would add one additional thing to this though: don't lose the forest for the trees. Trump has serious problems as a  president, many self inflicted. Let's say, for instance, a 9/11 type event happened, and he said we needed to respond with military force somewhere. Are you confident in that decision, are you ready to die for it? Has that calculus changed in the last few weeks? The president can do many things with the office, but there are things he must do; some percentage of the office--perhaps a very small proportion--is deadly serious. The reality show antics may be fun and whatnot, and they may not matter at the moment... But I certainly can't look at trump and be confident that if he tells me it's time to die for my country then I guess it's my time. There are intelligence officials who are  asked to do that at this very moment, few, but some. This matters
$C: Step three for the French was execute the aristocrats in the street; pull the roots up. 
$C: Where do you live ? That 350km burger is calling !

Edit : Ah mais t'es français aussi ! J'ai que des lignes hors de prix à côté de chez moi :/
$C: Im on a french hight speed train right kow for a 400km trip, 23 euro. God bless ouigo
$C: I currently stay in Paris and whatever you stated is correct. Chambery to Paris was just little less than 3 hours but where do you find tickets that cheap? I had to shed 100~ euros everytime.
$C: A strike is temporary. Paying almost 10 times more for equivalent of a Navigo Paris pass in London is not. Re-read that number, close to 10 times the price for the same service. You are more than welcome to move to London and go pay more for a "fully optimized service" my friend. After all, your English doesn't look that bad
$C: [deleted]
$C: Vive la revolucion!
$C: No puppet, no puppet!
$C: I really hope so, but when?

Should have happened for so long now.

The American public have been divided by design and seem powerless to do anything about the fucked up state of things.


$C: >and if your employer doesn't like you protesting...

Granted that's what some people do. I get away with it, even being in the military, as long as I don't broadcast the fact that I'm in the military while I'm doing it (obviously I can't go in uniform, sensible restrictions like that)
$C: I feel like I understand the sentiment, but not voting for someone is worse (imo) then trying to vote someone out of power.

I am Canadian so our electoral process is much different and we seem to follow similar trends to the USA (e.g. alternating between conservative and liberal governments), but this last provincial election for us (Ontario) swung conservative because of the last 15 years of liberal mismanagement (again, imo)

I voted for the party that gave conservatives less 'power' and they still ended up with a majority government, but the liberals fell behind the NDP in a first for our province.

However, a LOT of liberals of the new generation of potential young voters refused to vote, but now cant believe the conservatives are in power.

I dont divulge who I voted for and why, I like to keep some things private.  I just cant see myself having an opinion on matters of policy if I never voted.

If you feel strongly about something, action is always more conclusive than inaction.  The most vocal are normally conservatives, and more often than none will go out just so they can vote out someone they dont like.  That's what people should understand; make a stand if you want, but dont come back and complain when things aren't up to snuff.  You had a moment that you could go out and vote, and you didnt.

There is a lot more to it than that, but being able to vote is one of the most sacred freedoms we have.  It helps define us as a nation, so voting for the right candidate and party is crucial for all political leans.
$C: You're delusional if you believe that's how change and reform happen in democracy.  You've *torn down* the world into this anarchist fantasy of yours; what now?

What sort of template do you have for this new society of yours?  What processes and policies can you offer that will keep society from falling apart?  Do you abolish all its laws, keep some, throw them all away and start fresh?

How about the economy of your nation, how it is managed and controlled.  May as well tear down the banking system while you're at it, since you are aware of how to fix things.  How about the differing police forces, military and federal entities and institutions?  Now that you've dismantled democracy, what's your plan?
$C: Well, let me put it this way: I'm from Finland. This is pretty much as far removed socially and politically as you can get from the 'States. I've got family there, so I've always been kinda keeping up of the going-ons over there. 

Every election since Bush the elder, I've known who's against who. Even before the actual nominee is chosen, there's been enough buzz to have a safe bet ready. 

Now all I hear is that the november midterms are gonna be a landslide for the dems (which really is not that much better than the reps) and there's still no real talk about rising stars, charismatic representatives, not nobody. 

Sure, it's bit early, but the fact is, I can't even name any democrats besides Sanders and Clinton, and somehow I'm getting the feeling neither can most of you guys, either. Please, prove me wrong - I mean we get our trump cake fed every fucking day. It's mostly satirical (or would be if it didn't really happen), farcical, even. But that's all we get. 

And we're about as far removed as possible. 
$C: Ah, sarcasm! How refreshing. 

But seriously, loose the tinfoil.
$C: I feel genuinely bad and angry that I had to chuckle at your observation that killing kids literally won't be a factor in a protest, because it's been almost normalized in the US... to me it's like watching a dear friend slide into the inevitable doom of a heavy drug addiction or something like that, realizing that even though they have lucid moments from now and then and seem to struggle against their doom, you'll see them with fresh injection marks on their arm tomorrow. 
And worst of all: THEY were the leader and protector of the group of friends you grew up with... where are you supposed to turn to, now? 
$C: Not so sure about that. OK, maybe not daily, but let's just say that a disenfranchised black kid very often goes out by the way of target practice. 
$C: That's kinda the problem, champ. In democracy, there aren't leaders, per se. OK, maybe in strong president countries, to an extent. But, in the true north, for instance?   


It's about making laws. That is, create, modify, level and evolve the playing field. It's up to the rest of us to make do. Lawmakers. Not leaders.   


There really isn't -or shouldn't be- that kinda top-down dictation crap most people seem to view politics as. 
$C: Unions are quite weak in the USA in recent decades.  Even historically pro-Union states have had Republican takeovers, followed by awful anti-Union legislation.  Some of which survived the courts.

$C: I'd guess, slaves had better rights than the workers now.

They had some breaks. Sure they didn't get paid but what workers get now there isn't almost enough for a living. 

America the shithole country doesn't even guarantee the basic rights of paid holidays. 

Only if the employer is nice enough. 

Lol.
$C: Right? As German seeing those basic employee rights we have and all they lack, you just think of the usa as: "jeez,  what a shithole country.  I would never want to live there."
$C: Biased news outlets and lying politicians have convinced their voter base that sick people deserve higher premiums or to be dropped from healthcare because everything else is communism/socialism(for some reason these terms are interchangeable in large portions of this country).
$C: [deleted]
$C: Why aren't they being done/doing anything?
$C: I agree with more or less everything you just said there. It's just that we should factor in the resilience against stepping outside of the comfort zone. And admitted, even in the US a non-skilled worker up until about the eighties or so could have had it pretty good. You can't really expect anyone switch the life for some shitty retail detail and be happy about it. 

I'm an elitist piece of shit myself and find myself musing at the working class' misery. And I laugh like some god damn movie villain about it. Stupid is what stupid does, you see? It's kinda what they brought on themselves by refusing to educate themselves. 

Maybe easier said and done over here than over there, but still. 

And here I am, defending the assholes from people just like me... :D
$C: Really?  It's in the German social media right now.  Can some French say something about that?

Now I want to know if this is really true or not 
$C: [deleted]
$C: Sooo much this. Not many understand how low American population density is compared to other countries. America is spread far and wide, with occasional concentrated lumps in big cities. If there is a riot in Washington DC, by the time I drive 15 hours to it, it would likely be over. In addition, if I take a week off from work, I wouldn't have enough food for my family next week.
$C: You don't need to get *everyone* to strike, just enough. Hell, if you could organize all the Hispanics to strike, the service industry would be utterly crippled overnight and that would probably be enough all on its own.
$C: Sometimes it is.  That’s how the United States became the United States.
$C: I’m kidding. I have a job and shit. Fuck politics. 
$C: It gets the job done. Unfortunately, we’ll eventually have to stoop to that level to get a point across.  
$C: So, you're telling me Trump destroyed America in 1.5 years, despite republicans owning congress since 2010 and 3/4 of all states by supermajority since 2008?

So either the president is too powerful and we need libertarians to save our democracy, or you're full of shit because you're not 'one of the winners' to get free stuff.

Your argument also opens the door to "obama didn't do anything good" and that's why now everything is 'hitting the fan', since he failed to resolve anything.

Are you sure you wanna run with that "yesterday was better than today" nonsense? Trump has a slogan for that. Are you Trump?
$C: A horrible opinion. They shouldn't exist for the same reason fatepeoplehate was taken down. It's a vile mess.

And Reddit is the 4th most popular site the US. We have a lot of impressionable young men here that are easily radicalized by those subs. That leads to that sewage spreading everywhere.

Not only spreading through the site, but also into real life.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Sure, they’re allowed to have the opinion, but why are they allowed to have the opinion _on reddit_
$C: It’s a fact that the_donald advertised a nazi rally that someone was murdered at.  It’s a fact the admins don’t care and in many ways seem to support the alt right, like when r/kia’s owner tried to close it and they opened it right back up.  Based on that, it’s my opinion that they’re bad people who don’t deserve donations.
$C: You vote for Republicans you get Russian Stooges and a Russian president who will face no consequences.

If the Democrats take the majority, they will begin impeachment proceedings.
$C: Why is it so hard to have a moderate? 
$C: And George Will, another well-respected and serious Republican thinker. Well, formerly Republican. Now just conservative.
$C: That doesn't work. That just splits the vote. It's great in theory, but right now a unified front against Republican malfeasance is more important than specific policy considerations.


> I'd rather have had anyone but him.

By trying to find the perfect candidate, you're going to end up with more of him.
$C: We can worry about that once the Russians Stooges are out of our government.
$C: “Yeah one party out of the two viable parties is actively destroying everything’s it can, but like let’s just forget about parties maaaan.”

No.  Splitting the vote is not a viable solution.
$C: You're going to have to change your voting system for that to be a viable strategy. Changing the voting system would be a good thing, so definitely work towards that, but if you just vote as if it were already true you'll just be splitting the vote.
$C: The GOP 20 or 30 years ago would be a fine balance with Democrats. But currently, the GOP is full of racists, sexists and complicit traitors. The Democrats are the current conservative party with progressives growing inside of it. One day we'll have two parties again, but it with be a Democratic and Progressive party. The GOP will go the way of the Whigs if they continue with their current political strategies. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: Are you sure? Because Putin look pleased as punch to see Trump groveling before him in Helsinki. Now Trump says he wants to send our intelligence people over to Russia. Unprecedented. It goes against all 200 years of our fucking sovereignty.
$C: Oh, now we’re not good enough for Russia to own?! 
$C: My problem with Susan Collins is that her actions often undermine her stated beliefs.

Collins was very vocal in her opposition to using the "nuclear option" on Supreme Court nominees, meaning getting rid of the filibuster on SC justices.  And then she voted for it.  She seems to do that a lot.  Say one thing out of her mouth, and then vote with the rest of her party.

That makes it hard for me to believe anything she says.

Also, she's not running as her seat is not up for re-election for another 2 years.
$C: Who has capitulated to mainstream Republicans and Trump on every single vote. 
$C: Hasn’t campaign finance reform been talked about and tabled? Why would those who spend the most money to get elected want to prevent others like themselves from doing the same thing?
$C: when it costs so much to get into office do you honestly believe that whoever is in office will change it?

When obama had to fight tooth and nail to get healthcare through, what chance does something that few of your politicians want have of getting through?
$C: I hope you're right. I hope the democrats win by a landslide. Then I hope they lose when there's a better alternative too.
America used to be the world leader, not just because of their economy, but people wanted to move there, visit there, and be like America. Now you're the butt of those peoples jokes.

$C: Talk about misinformation. Net neutrality passed in California. Thanks in large part to the Democrats there. Democrats are not perfect, but the way that committees are run in Congress is dependent on the majority party. The best Democrats can only be the head of their committee if they are the majority of the Congress. Those committees do a lot in terms of appropriating funds and other things.

Right now, and in order to impeach Trump we need a Democrat majority in Congress.
$C: ok. they burn our flag, punch people who don't agree with them, want to scrap the 2nd Amendment, and want non-citizens to vote. 


yeah... "pro-democracy and pro-America" ...right


Not all registered Democrats are going to be falling for this in 2020. You guys are going to have to make changes, apologies, and try harder to be TOLERANT. 

but hey. it is working for the rest of us. thanks for sending votes our way in 2016!
$C: They're going to go hard right now. The country is in panic mode. There will be a backlash by "reasonable moderates" (I'm using quotes to signify I'm talking about the kind of people who shook their head while Martin Luther King was marching in the streets, the people who resist all change even good change) as well as his brainwashed base and of course, the Russian psy op campaign. I have a feeling Reddit is going to be crazy from now until November elections. And maybe even after then depending on how they turn out.
$C: I would call it very wrong but fascism is a different animal here. Whether you like it or not, life in the us is still incredibly free and equal, no where close to what fascism actually is
$C: Also dehumanizing The Hated Other, attacking the free press, doing constant loyalty checks, encouraging a culture of action for action’s sake, encouraging his followers to violence, putting kids in camps, it goes on and on.
$C: Crimea was apart of Russia for centuries, its in their back yard, and Ukraine isn't apart of NATO. It's not our problem, Russia snagging it was a predictable reaction to the western junta coup de etat in Kiev.

America has a lot of shitty laws. Worry about your own countries problems it's none of our business.

Yes foreign agents supported by us NGOs and people like micheal McFaul who foment revolution in Russia are punished by the state  
$C: I live in the Bible belt, and at least here locally - no it isn't. 
$C: Got a source on all those translators attending the meeting? Because I don't even see FOX saying anything but that there was only one translator per president.

Also, I'll say that I, for one, don't defend everything Obama did. The drone strikes were ugly, for one thing, so don't let yourself go thinking I'm just some hard partisan. How about you? Anything you disagree with Trump on?

>Treason against the United States shall consist only in levying war against them, or in adhering to their enemies, giving them aid and comfort.

Trump indicated in Helsinki that he really likes the sound of sending investigators to Russia. He was given multiple chances to walk something back but insisted that he believes Putin's word over every single US intelligence agency even though he's known about the interference since before he was inaugurated.

I'm no lawyer, but that sounds like aid and comfort to me. :)
$C: So without a doubt MLK was a hugely influential man and had a large impact on the civil rights movement. But there’s a reason we hear about MLK and not Malcolm X. One of them organized and encouraged people to protest in a manner that actually affected their oppressors, and one of them became the archetype of how those in power would like those not in power to behave. Once a population is stripped of the right to participate in their government, the only way to get it back is to take it. No one with power is going to feel so bad for us that they give any of it back.

I don’t think it’s come to that point, but if we can’t trust that our election results are fair and accurate, we will be. 
$C: Peaceful protests are so fucking meaningless at this point
$C: MLK was considered violent and dangerous during his lifetime
$C: The definition tends to get tricky with the difference between a representative democracy and a democratic republic. I'm inclined to believe America is a democratic republic based on the Merriam Webster definition of a republic being "a government in which supreme power resides in a body of citizens entitled to vote and is exercised by elected officers and representatives responsible to them and governing according to law". 
$C: I would be okay with expanding Congress to make it more proportional but I like a bicameral system with a Senate. 

I do think we need to make D.C. and Puerto Rico state's so those Americans can have representation while we are granting wishes.

$C: Hmm...ok lest optimistic. The Tea Party elbowed their way to the table with much the same “you’re with us or you’re against us” rhetoric the DSA are using right now.  If they pick up seats, they’ll sink a deep wedge.
$C: My name is Rack em Willie aka Funky Chicken
$C: I'm the kinda person who eats at perkins (i fucking hate perkins) while bitching that i hate perkins. :p
$C: :) yeah whoever or whatever is defo driving american's apart, i think they need to be able to have civil discourse around political matters, and i think they should get off their arse and vote, if they actually turned up and voted they could send the right signal, let's hope they do and it's a sweeping change in the midterm!

also fuck yeah commonweath countries!
$C: I did not have anything "prepared".
You did not even read what I posted in that short space of time.
You lack integrity and you asked for sources, and I supplied them easily, and more.  I just found three sources that I thought you would actually read, and not opinion blogs or unsourced information.

This comes from legitimate sources, and any charges of libel are in fact "bullshit".  When McClatchy says "two sources", that means that they are legally on the hook for two legitimate sources, not something faked like what Fox News, Brietbart or right wing hate radio do.

You have shown that you know nothing of true journalism, and you don't respect facts when they are presented to you without bias.

Your post history shows an extreme bias, and I didn't actually expect you to have a coherent response to my posting facts that rebut your false accusations.  Anything that doesn't fit your warped world view is illegitimate, according to you, but you didn't even know about this story which has made the headlines for two days.

This means that you live in a bubble.  You're horrificly misinformed, and it's affecting your judgement and reason to the point where you cannot determine fact from fiction or truth from the utter lies that come from Trump about his involvement with Russia.

Trump is under federal investigation, along with the NRA and dozens of state actors in the Trump campaign and in Russia.
It's an international scandal of huge proportions, and you had better get used to the idea that the person that you hold in high esteem is going to be either impeached or he will resign in disgrace, as Nixon did, and he will be brought up on criminal charges once removed from office, as he should be.  It's a matter of time. 

The only thing holding it back is that the GOP are complicit and deeply involved, and have taken 7.35 million in Russian money also, and they don't want to implicate themselves and go down along with Trump.

This is why this investigation must continue, to root out all of the criminals that are illegally holding office, and bring them to justice.
$C: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Protests_against_Trump_administration_family_separation_policy  big protest happened on June 30. Got Trump's crew to back the fuck off.
$C: Bingo.
$C: I'm not sure how to help you --

First, stick to your morals and integrity.

Second: You are making broad generalizations about Americans that aren't actually representative of the whole population.

Hope that helps. 
$C: I have a gun too but I didn't vote for Trump. I am still in shock that he's in office.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Tell that to the Vietnamese, Iraqis, and Afghans who pushed us to the limit with nothing but  bare feet and rusty AK47s.
$C: They have guns.
The police shoot them for having guns.
But the people cant shoot their guns?

Mmmkay
$C: I think a lot of the outrage would be more palpable if people's livelihoods weren't on the line. It's still a flimsy excuse, but American employers kind of have workers by the nether regions in most states because of At-Will employment (right-to-work) and the vilification of workers Unions. 

There are engineers I work with that have been told explicitly by corporate that "there are 30+ people waiting in line for your job...you're not irreplaceable" when attitudes like that are basically standard procedure it really curtails ones ability to be outspoken on these issues; especially when being outspoken on the issues could cost you your livelihood if your employer is on the other side of that particular fence.  

 The simple fact that if my employer even got wind that I took part in a protest that they don't agree with ideologically I could come to work the next day and be told to hand in my badges and kick rocks is what keeps most people silently fuming. I'm sure if workers in the United States hadn't had their workers rights eroded over the past few decades we'd already have mass protests in the streets, but sadly rocking the boat (even if it is already sinking) means the high potential for very real consequences of being punished for exercising your constitutionally granted rights....which sadly only protect your free speech from the government...not your employer. 

All of that compounds with the fact that corporate America paints any kind of protestors as lazy mooches that need to get jobs or do something productive with their lives (even if those same protestors are co-workers using their PTO or whatever time they have to protest, and do in fact have jobs). Too many corporate drones buy into that mentality, and begin turning on the people that they would ordinarily agree with.  

Also then there's the aforementioned riot police, the brutality that they bring with them, and then the further legal consequences if they decide that protestors are unruly enough (by an arbitrary metric that they determine on what seems like a whim). 

the land of the free is only the land of the free if you have enough money to avoid the consequences of invoking those freedoms.     
$C: The problem is that a "big" protest for you guys, needs to be *very* big. Y'all got a massive population, you need to get a LOT of people to make an impact. 
$C: No area in America is blue as fuck.

Trump got in because of 800,000 votes broke the electoral college. 

Edit: Downvoting me doesn't change voting records. 
$C: You don't need 50.000 you need 5 million.
$C: That post makes me sad, probably because it's oh so very true. That must hurt mate. :(
$C: [removed]
$C: I'm not talking about violence and riots. Look what they accomplished with the massive protests in Korea last year. 
$C: That mindset you have, that grouping people with your skewed view of reality, is why Dems lost in 2016, and it seems people learned nothing from that election.
$C: That's just a link to that subReddit
$C: Learn from the best: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/May_1968_events_in_France ;)
It turned the country upside down but was the start of a new era. Every generation since fantasies about it and knows the people has power. 
$C: Anyone who fucks up traffic unexpectedly is a sick monster because ambulances and emergency services need roads.
$C: When I said "something big," I meant a large protest. 

Of course I think the executive being aware of (and very possibly colluding to ensure) deliberate propaganda campaigns and cyber attacks to influence our election and get a puppet elected to the highest office in the country a big enough deal to do this.  

And for the record, I was in midtown Manhattan the day after the election and I was at the JFK airport protests where we shut down Terminal 4 following the Muslim ban.
$C: How do you know anyone lost their vote?
$C: And what did you do, asshole?
$C: What the fuck does that even mean?
$C: They are lost souls, but they are not worse than an apartheid government or the British Imperial rule in India, they will still respond to pressure if it’s intense enough.
$C: They didn’t use polls to decide whether they should even have a movement. The democratic leadership are unsure whether they should even take a stand. Of course perception is what it’s about, but it’s also about changing minds not checking if everyone already agrees.
$C: Ugh, I’ve always hated that response. “Protest all you want, but just don’t inconvenience me in any way. Go do it quietly, off in the corner.” Bitch, that’s not how it works. France recently had a strike for their rail systems. Made a two hour trip to Paris turn into an eight hour trip. Planned for spring time when people use the rail system more. Switzerland right now has their airway people striking. For increased pay and more time off. They are doing it now because it affects all holiday travel. Maximize the people affected, you get more attention. If they did it during school time and only at night when people aren’t traveling as much, their desires wouldn’t even be considered. 
$C: Now he's inviting you to join a militia? And you sneak some dumb bullshit about how "most gun owners support gun control" in there?

You're so totally full of shit.
$C: My god, you really think black people in Alabama in the 50s and 60s had it easier than you and somehow remained anonymous for their political action. 

What do they teach you in history class down there.

Yes, it’s a lot to undertake. But assert it was easier in the past is very very ignorant.
$C: Excuses. I only read excuses. You citizens are the sovereigns of the USA. Stop making excuses. Otherwise you deserved this mess of scandals and traitor
$C: Who will buy the products of the robots? Collective action will face its hurdles, but it will remain the most effective means of exerting power of the citizenry.
$C: Boca Raton, Florida. Why?
$C: "why aren't you stupid pieces of shit protesting?"

"We did protest"

"Protesting is stupid"
$C: So many words. So many lies.
$C: "hawkish" is acceptable in men but not in women, apparently. Would you call any wartime president "hawkish" as a pejorative?

Also--Trump betrayed our nation on Monday when he met with Putin and prioritized Russia's wants over actual evidence from our intelligence community. It's a common misconception that there is some "impeachable criteria" or crime that must be committed for him to be impeached. Benjamin Franklin argued that impeachment is in place to prevent assassination, and should be invoked if the president "renders himself obnoxious" to the nation. 

In the Federalist Papers, Alexander Hamilton wrote "Those offences which proceed from the misconduct of public men, or, in other words, from the abuse or violation of some public trust. They are of a nature which may with peculiar propriety be denominated POLITICAL, as they relate chiefly to injuries done immediately to the society itself."

Our society has been damaged by Trump sufficiently. There is no special bar he has to hit, now. He needs to be removed from office. 
$C: What in the name of HELL are you talking about?

Protesting Trump is not threatening cops!

Jesus Christ. 
$C: Thank you! I'm going to graduate soon, and hopefully get a job in some other state. 

It's pretty weird reading some things on here about other states and cities, they tell us in church that you guys with all your tall buildings and science are sinning, that's why you have drug problems and shootings. 

It's extremely toxic. Our science classes in high school always start with, "This is what they tell us to teach you, but you don't have to believe in" and it's usually always followed with the teacher saying "and remember, I do have Bible's in this classroom so after the 'lecture' you can read". 

Toxic. As. Fuck.
$C: You have a population of 300 million citizens. The freedom march was 200,000 people. Back in the days you had a population of 200,000. Thats 0,1 %.       
      
You will find 0,1% of people who issue their holidays on that day. If you seriously cant leave. There should be others in your population. You guys are just lazy making so many excuses. Lazy and excuses
$C: Awww.... you guys 

(Note: we need more of this on Reddit.)
$C: Now kiss
$C: What if I didn't vote for the people in charge? Am I still complicit? Your logic sucks. 
$C: And the problem with concepts like truth is that Trump literally lies every day about extremely easily disprovable things. I honestly have a hard time coming up with any common ground with his supporters, it blows my mind that we can't even meet at these kind of simple concepts. 

I honestly just try to avoid talking about politics with them. I'll try to help the midterms by convincing the friends on the side lines who don't vote for one reason to another to get off their lazy asses and do it.
$C: It's worse than Fox News. I once listened briefly to a financial advice show in a local station in rural Pennsylvania few years back and it was about how to save money in cash because apparently then Obama government is destroying the economy and stock market and all financial instruments except cash will be worthless soon. Never came across anything like that in Fox News.
$C: Right!?
$C: Of course not, but Obama supporters didn’t seem too worried about it either?
$C: Wait. I’m not “reddit”. Im a guy with opinions, stop dehumanizing people with points you feel uncomfortable about. I didn’t write the dude off completely,  I said he continued imperialist policies and drones some people. This is just facts, my man. Not like he shut the occupations and wars down right away. Can you not like the guy and also be like “yeah, that part sort of sucked”. Get over yourself.
$C: 2010: The Russo-Georgian war doesn't warrant sanctions. In fact, lets give Russia trade deals and elevate them on the world stage. 

2012: "The 1980s called, it wants it's foreign policy back" 

2014: Russia annexes Crimea

2015: Russia opposes us in Syria

2016: Russia runs various operations to interfere in the U.S election.

Other highlights include calling ISIL the JV team. Iraq and Syria in general actually...

Obama was a single issue candidate masquerading as something more. He made some great changes to healthcare that will hopefully help hold us over until we make long-term changes. The rest of his presidency was mediocre on a good day.

Reddit worships him because the liberal media tells them to and the conservative media is somewhere out on the moon. His presentation is the only thing worth missing and that's only because of the current president.
$C: I just want to nitpick here, do you think America's allies have a responsibility to support America?
$C: Imperialism is being in another country for your own country’s benefit. That’s what the states are doing. That’s just, a fact?

Who cares about the last great president? What does that have to do with the tea in China? Even if Obama did his best, he’s driving a broken, imperialist boat.

None. No boots. No drones. Maybe stop invading countries.

Responsibility is not the point. It’s choice. 

I don’t care about intent. It’s what happened. It’s just a fact. Why are you emotional about this?

My dad was in Rwanda. He’s fucked now. That’s how I feel about Rwanda. And that’s a disingenuous comparison. Just because the USA steps in on some things (super cool) doesn’t mean everything they do internationally is cool. How can you even think that? So thoughtless.

Dang dude. Is America getting bombed right now? I dunno. Maybe a better question is why do these terrorists (what does terrorist even mean? How dehumanizing. There’s a reason they’re -called terrorists and not by their nationality or name like your school shooters are, and that’s to dehumanize and make it easier for you to feel placid about your country invading other countries.) want to attack you. 

Anyways, it just sounds like you’re not very thoughtful. I’m going to bed, You can respond but I won’t be responding, so please don’t waste your time. This isn’t an argument to win. You live in that country, and it’s hard to admit that you’re part of something that’s not the best; I get that. My country sucks too, but it’s baffling to talk to someone sticking their head in the sand. Again, you will be wasting your time if you respond.





 
$C: Not OP but I think I can answer some of these.
Imperialist methods, what do you mean by that? American foriegn policy is to destabilize the middle East by starting wars, training and funding terrorists, and assassinations in order to extract natural resources.

Who was the last great American president, that would be your model today? That is a stupid question.

Would you rather have boots on ground or drones in air? Boots on the ground. Americans tend to not give a shit when a drone kills an innocent kid in Yemen but they tend to react when American troops start dying. That is exactly the reason why America used drives in the first place.

Do you believe America has a responsibility to support its allies? Yes.


What was your opinion of the Rwanda crisis? Damn shame. Also the direct result of a foriegn imperialist occupation.


Additionally when you say Obama drones (droned) people—are you saying he had malicious intent to do this? The goal was to kill his enemies. That is the definition of malice.

What should happen to terroists who have killed Americans? That depends who you consider a terrorist. The guys who helped plan 9/11 deserve death. The kids who take up arms to defend their country from foriegn imperialist occupation in Iraq? They should be allowed to live out their lives in peace.



$C: I'm glad you moved the goal posts so quickly. I think I proved my point. Thanks for playing!
$C: ~~Okay, so do you think the birther conspiracy was motivated by his domestic policy, or his foreign policy?~~

Edit: I done gone fucked up who I was replying to.
$C: Why are you just singling out the NY times? That was every news paper back then: Fox news, CNN, WSJ, etc. The war had pretty big media coverage. 
$C: So by that standard, any news source that has ever made an error in reporting lacks credibility in your eyes, correct?
$C: I see haven't been invited to enough events with mixed company to learn probably the most basic rule or conversation.

What he said isn't an accusation, it's a prediction that *both* parties will get heated. You don't argue politics with strangers if you want to get along.
$C: [deleted]
$C: > "Our political views don't align so let's stop here before it gets to a shitstorm and hurt feelings."

Its called the basic rule of conversations. Never talk about politics or religion. Its a rule for a reason, because you can never convince the other person and it always leads to one side or even both sides feeling very hurt and/or angry.

Seems like he was given a ride to college and instead of talking about politics and potentially souring the situation, he decided not to talk about that topic. Seems like a fantastic move to ensure that nobody gets hurt and they both part on good terms. 


How does it mean : 

> its inconceivable that someone might have a different opinion than you
$C: Pretty sure it sounds like he doesn't want to have a great debate because he doesn't want to part on bad terms. 
$C: Trump supporters can be very hardheaded, misinformed and go on rants.. Who wants to hear any of that "shitstorm"?
$C: [removed]
$C: Spearfishing sounds like a very made up term.

&nbsp;

Most of the things you're discussing fall into the category of poor security.  That threat has been around for at least the last two presidents, and has probably been taken advantage of to some degree in that time period.

&nbsp;

I also find it odd that there's apparently information from the hackers' computers.  That makes very little sense.... The situations in which that arises is: that the security was so bad that hackers who were themselves idiots could access servers which were intended to be private; there wasn't any hacking and this is a smokescreen; the hackers were very good, but we were better.  Which of those three scenarios is realistic to you?  And I can imagine the third one being true, specifically that the NSA is spying on *ALL* data traffic within the USA.

&nbsp;

Which is the bigger problem to you?  That elections can be influenced with Facebook, or that the NSA has open access to the internet backbone constantly?  And while we're at that, is the Democratic process more important, or the fact that Equifax released, most likely, every working American's social security number?

&nbsp;

Perhaps that's whataboutism, but I did up front mention that I consider this topic of American democratic election, concerning analysis data from Facebook, to be very much blown out of proportion.  If Facebook didn't have the data to be misused, almost certainly some other site would, so that's a pretty big hole to fill, considering the threat vector in that case is specifically that the US citizens want a platform to give out all their details && that they are easily influenced by what they see on Facebook.  For that matter, I have to wonder how easily they are influenced by the news they consume from major media outlets as well.

&nbsp;

I'm sure spies have been successfully prosecuted.  However, the 12 indicted are not on American soil, and the USA does not have extradition power with Russia, and it is highly doubtful any country would hand somebody over for doing their job.  If you'd like to provide examples which speak differently, I'd be happy to read them to form a more informed opinion.

&nbsp;

This further ties into the fact that the 12 indicted are supposedly hackers.  Hackers who could not hide their IP addresses, and supposedly gave away access to their computers while exploring access to supposedly secure servers.  

&nbsp;

I also do not trust that a third party copied the data from these servers and handed it to the FBI.  Even with that being the case, that is not remotely how chain of command works.  Let's say I'm a third party, and I copy the data on your computer, and either add or remove illegal information to my copy before handing it over to the FBI.  That's the precise reason why chain of command does not operate in that manner.

&nbsp;

So, $10.000 affects a US presidential election more so than, whatever amount was paid by Trump's campaign, Bernie's campaign, or Hillary's campaign?

&nbsp;

It would seem that our problem is that our election model is garbage, and/or the people who elect our representatives are idiots from that information. I don't particularly see those as problems we're going to solve any time soon, nor are they more pressing to me than other concerns.

&nbsp;

I appreciate your comments though, and your time in explaining some of these topics from your perspective. :)
$C: Eeh, I don't see how I can be proud of my political views, so I'd rather say unapologetically, as in I don't go into the defence mode leftists expect me to go when they call me what I am. I don't feel attacked or offended by this - I simply acknowledge it.
$C: Lol "hid the illegals voting stories"??

Please explain. I gotta hear this, Mr. "Both sides are BAD but lemme talk about the DEMOCRATS AND MAINSTREAM MEDIA COVERUPS a bit!"

There is no epidemic of voter fraud in this country dude. That's Republican propaganda meant to prime Middle American rubes, hicks, housewives, and geriatrics for supporting voter suppression and the curtailment of voter rights.

$C: I can't take you seriously when you keep using words like evil and sinner... Try not to sensationalize the topic at hand
$C: People who make widespread generalizations are truly the evil people. They make trumpsters look like nice old ladys.
$C: It's honestly kind of... idk the word tbh. Surprising? inspiring? something like that.
$C: And yet again, these are all things that are good reasons to continue to be suspicious, but not damning evidence.

Until we have some serious concrete evidence, I maintain that Trump's too big of an idiot to be a part of a huge conspiracy scheme. Be a puppet in a huge conspiracy scheme? Well yeah, we've seen that happen already. I don't think he was in communication with those planning it, however
$C: I see no facts in your comment, hence my reply.
$C: Well duh, believe me I'm voting blue. I just also think Trump's too much of a moron for this to be a big conspiracy
$C: Yeah, sorry about Packer, hey. Shark got too big for the pond and now he's everyone's problem.
$C: Shit man we just need to hop to the dimension Al Gore was elected. That should be enough time. But good lord the number of people I talk to that seem to have forgotten everything they learned in school. 

I understand history is written by the 'winner' in many occasions but when people are doubting the Holocaust ever happened or that Russia would 'never meddle in US elections' when we were in the cold war less than a generation ago it's just mind-boggling.

Like I don't understand the denial of science either but history isn't theory about particles we can't see with the naked eye or how the atmosphere is reacting to different conditions. YOU CAN SEE HISTORY. YOU CAN READ A THOUSAND BOOKS ON EVERY MOMENT. Yet it's like nothing has ever happened before the last 15 years. 


$C: To go to which time?
$C: I mean, what you just described is your standard Bible Belt football fan. But I take your point.
$C: I mean, the MAGA crowd is in trouble for choices they’ve made, not for simply existing. Having the privilege to be an idiot safely is probably fun. Requiring an amount of pride just to not collapse under the pressure not so much.

But rallies are totally fun. MAGA crowd needs more rainbows, beads, and thongs imho.
$C: > Passing the tax reform is a pretty big feather in his cap

Yes, in Trump's cap, not really that much of a win for his average voter

[Trump stands to save millions under new tax measure, experts say](https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/trump-stands-to-save-millions-under-new-tax-measure-experts-say/2017/12/20/6d29a4c4-e59a-11e7-833f-155031558ff4_story.html?noredirect=on&utm_term=.fa08393968be)


and

[Trump reportedly told friends at Mar-a-Lago 'you all just got a lot richer' hours after signing tax bill](http://www.businessinsider.com/trump-mar-a-lago-you-all-just-got-a-lot-richer-friends-tax-bill-2017-12)

>While most Americans will see some kind of tax cut from the bill, the non-partisan Tax Policy Center estimates that over time, most benefits will skew toward wealthier Americans. **According to a TPC analysis, 65.8% of the total federal tax benefit will eventually go to the top quintile of earners.**



and

[“YOU ALL JUST GOT A LOT RICHER,” TRUMP TELLS FRIENDS AT MAR-A-LAGO AFTER SIGNING TAX OVERHAUL](https://www.vanityfair.com/news/2017/12/you-all-just-got-a-lot-richer-trump-tells-friends-at-mar-a-lago-after-signing-tax-overhaul)

>But the president has repeatedly belied that fact as he’s plugged the policy, even claiming on a call to Senate Democrats that his accountant told him he would “get killed” as a result of the legislation. **“The deal is so bad for rich people, I had to throw in the estate tax just to give them something,”** he added.



>But the president, who departed for the gilded halls of the Winter White House Friday night, quickly changed his tune when surrounded by his fellow moneyed elite. According to CBS News, Trump attended a holiday dinner just hours after signing the tax bill into law, where he told friends, “You all just got a lot richer.” (Initiation fees at Mar-a-Lago reportedly ring in at $200,000, and the club’s annual membership fee is $14,000.)



The supposed "economic anxiety" voters will defend a giveaway to the richest if Trump does it.


The deal was soooo bad for the rich (who stand to benefit much more than anyone else) that Trump HAD to give them the estate tax too. lol


The Trump voters will defend it.


[Tax cut triggers $437 billion explosion of stock buybacks
](https://money.cnn.com/2018/07/10/investing/stock-buybacks-record-tax-cuts/index.html)



and



[Cash-Rich Companies Set Record for Buybacks](https://www.nytimes.com/2018/05/18/business/tax-cut-stock-buybacks.html)



[Tax cut scoreboard: Workers $6 billion; Shareholders $171 billion](https://money.cnn.com/2018/02/16/investing/stock-buybacks-tax-law-bonuses/index.html)




$C: I'd attribute anything positive to the legislative branch off the rip. But I'm largely ignorant to the news of the past week.
$C: If they wander out of the cave in their own, give them soup and blankets.  The ones that remain in the cave are in the cave because they like the cave, and it no longer makes sense to send people in after them.
$C: So you think calling a trumpet a trumpet is worse than calling them a "fucking sex worker."

You want to impeach 45? Fine, renounce him. We'll link arms and go singing off into the sunset. But if you're still waffling with, "Well, he's not a politician, it's a hard job" or "libs made me do it" then you support Trump. Period. If you don't want him out, then you support Trump. And there is no "uniting for impeachment" there. 
$C: What’s illogical?  Shittier schools mean fewer critical thinkers, less critical thinking means more support for the GOP, who are well known for making the schools shittier.  It’s really not hard to see how this works.
$C: You didn't think of that, that's just the horseshoe theory again, and it's still dumb.
$C: You mean the whole peeled cantaloupe that rolled onto the floor of a dog grooming salon?
$C: I can see that, to be fair it is a sub dedicated to images.
$C: ...which is probably one of the only subs it would actually still be funny in given the visual reference 
$C: Well if you’re going to go around repeating their talking points, what are people supposed to think of you?
$C: The EPA is a travesty, tbh; if you fin fault in Trump's administration for something you clearly cited as the EPA's doing, I see how you can be so proudly wrong about a lot of Trump things.
$C: [deleted]
$C: I’m against picketing, but I don’t know how to show it!
$C: It was a joke about not having a place to post about a conspiracy.
$C: Well, I don't think he is an operativ
$C: /r/woosh
$C: Thank
$C: Obama was hardly establishment; for most of his presidency you had a Republican Congress motivated exclusively by obstructionism.

If 9/11 happened in Trump's presidency, you would never have the 9/11 conspiracy theories. This is different.
$C: Allright, I'll have some time now, I'll dissect the contending video.

[Original here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lNiscigIgBc)

I'll just counter the claims on the black-back white-text frames.

------

>(...) Apollo 13 was the closest they ever got to the belts and they lost people to cancers and radiation sickness from it.

Odd claim to start out on. All Apollo flights took the same paths, as the computer that guided the rockets was set to do so. Variations will be within tens of kilometers, not relevant on the scale of the belts.

On top of that they did not directly lose crew. Dehydration was a problem due to the loss of drinkable waterreserves, but that is how far the inflight illnesses went.

It is however true that due to space radiation astronauts have a [heightened risk of cancer](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spaceflight_radiation_carcinogenesis). This is why even on the ISS all astronauts have personal kits that continuusly test the radiation they receive, more specifically over the dead-zones of earth's magnetic field.

>The video-intermezzo about the lead shielding, including an actual reaction gif... Okay. Followed by videos on the composition of radiation on different places.

I don't understand the conflict here. Curious droid says you need lead shielding or equivalent to protect against radiation outside of the atmosphere. The followup video says the atmosphere provides the equivalent of 7 feet of lead shielding. Wether the claim is true I do not know, but the argument and counter-argument are the exact same statement. It makes no sense.

Same for the rest of the video's, specifies more types of radiation etc, but none counter eachother. One even talks about deep-space star/planet searching sattelites...

>Solar wind interaction with the magnetosphere.

Fully at a loss for words here, a clearly non-scaled, non-specific animated infografic is being pulled apart for being 'not %-accurate'. This is beyond grasping at straws.

>The particles will be filtered to safe levels before they reach the van allen belts and ISS. Curious droid is trying to create confusion and false assumptions by oversimplification.

False, see paragraph about the cancer- radiationrisk on ISS above.

While the infographic wasn't realistically representative, it clearly was not meant to be. Drawing a chaos-seeding theory from that is a bit bonkers. It is a simplified graphic to teach the core concepts of solar wind to the average Youtube-goer. Wouldn't pass a thesis, but that's not what it is meant to do clearly.

>Next comment mentions that the ISS does not pass through the Van Allen Belt, as shown in the onscreen picture.

That is true. That is also not what is being claimed. The ISS is below the belts. The video however, talks about the Apollo missions passing through/over the belts; The ISS is never mentioned.

>About the size/damage of electrons vs protons

The linked video is useless in comparison, since no dosages were specified in the Ted talk. Noone claims electron-radiation is harmless, Droid compares equal doses of Proton vs Electron radiation, in which the first is magnitudes more dangerous. This Proton-radiation is the main culprit in DNA-mutations when directly exposed, due to its kinetic power linked to its relative size to the electron.

This section again reeks of willfull misunderstanding of the facts presented.

>The next slide is a gathering and comparing of the previous claims, compounding in 'This wouldn't work outside of the bowshock according to you'.

Again misrepresentation of what was said. I stared at this for twenty minutes or so, comparing the original alongside. This guy seems to have a knack for making his video needlessly complex, seemingly to hide his own wild assumptions, then building on the debunks he claims to have made to pretend it is from the original video. Anyways.

What was actually said is that the shielding used was enough to block the dangerous protons, and most electron-radiation. It wasn't 100% solid nor fully protecting, but it was good enough for relative safety.

>Next up is almost 5 minutes of that same Ted talk, seemingly non-connected to the previous debunks. This man loves that Ted-talker dearly.

Not much to say on it. The Ted-talker says sensible stuff (obviously, he knows volumes more about this than I do, I assume). Don't see how it is a debunk of anything previously said though.

>If the Appollo 13 crew were firing into near earth orbit for the amount of days they did, they'd certainly have died due to radiation poisoning.

This is the cherry on top of this chaos-pie. 

It explains some of the weird things he said about astronauts dying and such earlier, while blatantly highlighting how little research this debunk-video actually has.

Because it is true. If Apollo 13 was in near-earth for so many days the radiation would have wreaked havoc on the astronauts, perhaps they might've even died.

[Except Apollo 13 **famously** didn't stay in near earth orbit.](https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apollo_13) They were on a free-return trajectory to the moon (specifically done to safeguard for incidents like this), **2 days** into the 3-day trip. They were nearer to the moon than earth, *way, way beyond the Van Allen belts*. There was no retro-burn to remain in low-earth orbit, the mission was continued as per usual, with the exception of cutting out the landing and orbit of the moon.

The fact that he either accidentally or wilfully misrepresents something this utterly basic to his argument really makes me want to toss the whole thing right here and now. But I'll go on. Pennys and pounds.

>Long list of 'why we didn't go through them'

Droid says they didn't go through, but over them, only skimming the edges. Enraged debunked says "we didn't go through them!". Not sure what the conflict is here.

Then it goes on a tangent claiming 2014 saw the first launch through the belts with people, which could be true, I don't know, and something about neurology failing before tissues 'hence the fireworks'? I can only assume this is about the flashes seen by astronauts when radiation hits their cornea. Frankly, it devolves into a 5-sentence mishmash of denials and such, ending with a nice claim that radiation-readings done are secret and never filed for even though it is possible (??). I'm sure NASA could and would, since it is so vital. Also, radiation readings have been done since the '50s, hence the need for NASA to evade the belts and not just shoot right for the moon (so to speak). 

There is a weird excerpt from a blog (conspiracyblog seems like), about a 'reporter' getting shunned after spamming NASA about receiving their private data. NASA told him how to get it. Also, shockingly Van Allen changed his opinion on a newly discovered fenomenon, almost as if further research gave more insight and better readings. The guy making that blog is conspiritorially biased as can be.

It's an amalgamation of misinformation and mass-hysterification. Yes, I am getting bored with this, it's an hour of my life wasted.

>Claim that the average radiation doses were only taken from withing earth orbit

Not sure what to say to that. You can't just make a baseless claim like that and expect to be given the benefit of the doubt.

>Elephants foot in Tsjernobil

I tried, but the text seems so jumbled, I can't get a meaning out of it.

>Apollo didn't leave the magnetosphere, etc etc

Well, another baseless claim here. He is also going full conspiritard. I used to frequent /r/conspiracy, this video is devolving into the typical pattern they all do. I can almost hear him scream at the bald man on his screen.

Anyways, only 3 minutes to go. You better spend a fraction the effort reading this as I wasted writing it.

>Another rant

First he thinks 'around the magnetosphere' is the same as claiming a flat earth, even though his own models he put in show clearly how the magnetosphere dips into the north and south pole, as all models do. You can't go around a sphere, but you can easily dip over a half-sphere. He is so blatantly ignorant of the mechanics of any of this... Even by his own claims.

Then we come to the bottom of it, "we never went to the moon".

While I agree with his comment that the Soviets were better at anything space-related, the moonlanding is the one exception. If it were faked, the Soviets would've called it out. They left reflectors as proof, so you can simply bounce a laser off of them from earth. What would be the point of Apollo 13's accident if it were all fake and near-earth orbit? They could just come back down.

Anyways, as expected, full denialist conspiracy-person. Explains the fervor with which he believes his own unfounded misinformation.

Also, what on earth is Bert the turtle?

>Finally, why do spacesuits protect against radiation? "#1 most avoided question"

And answered by NASA right in that same video. They don't. They do in the same way the capsule does, minimally, enough to not spontaniously die. Hence why deep-space travel and Marsbases are dangerous concepts atm.

Did that guy even watch his own video?


-----

**Conclusion**

It took me over an hour of my life to come to the obvious conclusion; The guy that made this debunk-video has barely any - mostly no idea what he is on about.

He makes the most blatant errors even a simple wikipediasearch would set straight. The Apollo 13-trajectory strikes me as the worst; It is the basis for half his arguments and he doesn't know the simplest, most vital aspect of it.

Anyways, I suggest you watch the original video i linked above. While Curious Droid makes mistakes and sometimes oversimplifies for the sake of comprehension, the general aspects and explanations are correct.

I really hope you take the time to read this comment.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Seems like there is a constant here....republicans in power. 
$C: You just said Trump is responsible for stoking tension, but then you say you can't stoke tension in an occupied war zone. Stop moving the goal post
$C: It's racist. Some countries may be better than others, but no country are shitholes, and no peoples are from shitholes.

America isn't about the best of the best.

> The New Colossus
> 
> BY EMMA LAZARUS
>
> Not like the brazen giant of Greek fame,
> 
> With conquering limbs astride from land to land;
> 
> Here at our sea-washed, sunset gates shall stand
> 
> A mighty woman with a torch, whose flame
> 
> Is the imprisoned lightning, and her name
> 
> Mother of Exiles. From her beacon-hand
> 
> Glows world-wide welcome; her mild eyes command
> 
> The air-bridged harbor that twin cities frame.
> 
> “Keep, ancient lands, your storied pomp!” cries she
> 
> With silent lips. “Give me your tired, your poor,
> 
> Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free,
> 
> The wretched refuse of your teeming shore.
> 
> Send these, the homeless, tempest-tost to me,
> 
> I lift my lamp beside the golden door!”
$C: It's the context. The people of those countries know they're not in great shape. Hence why they're trying to leave.

It's the callousness and lack of empathy that caused him to say he doesn't want more immigrants from "shithole countries" that's fueling the accusations of racism, not just the term "shithole countries" (even though it wasn't a great thing for a sitting president to say regardless).
$C: Seriously applaud you being apparently open minded enough to at least consider the evidence. That's a scarce quality these days
$C: Whom did they endorse in the last several presidential campaigns? I'm assuming not Obama, but before that. I looked it up and couldn't find it.
$C: Good news! Jesus of Nazareth lives!
$C: Well I guess because Jesus believed that Jesus was the son of God, that made him Christian -- but he was brought up Jewish?
$C: That was the definition of Christianity in the first century AD, not my own definition. Abraham Lincoln remains a Republican even though he might not fit into the party today. So, Christ is still Christian whatever it still means in America. 
$C: There's a difference between using your base and liking your base.
$C: [deleted]
$C: [Even if you don't care for the source of the article, scroll down to the recording.](https://www.rawstory.com/2017/09/listen-trump-brags-about-turning-away-in-disgust-as-elderly-mar-a-lago-guest-laid-bleeding-on-the-floor/) 
$C: https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.thedailybeast.com/the-time-donald-trump-turned-away-in-disgust-while-a-man-bled-to-death-in-front-of-him
$C: NO! It is not! I seriously doubt that JM feels he was a hero either.  And your last sentence legitimized my statement. He did not selflessly jump on a grenade, or fly his disabled jet into an artillery bunker sacrificing himself to save his brothers. A hero selflessly risks his own life to save others. He didn't save fellow POW lives. Yes he endured torture He did his job with honor. There is nothing heroic about being honorable. He was offered release because his father commander of the theater.

Furthermore the Military Code of Conduct states Article III: "I will accept neither parole nor special favors from the enemy".

So, you and everyone else on this are WRONG! Not a hero. Just a man who did his job, like every other POW.
$C: http://time.com/4780593/president-trump-russia-declassified/

>The power to classify and declassify information — like the duty to protect intelligence sources and methods — has been reshaped several times over the course of American history, but the two powers are linked. The person or agency that has the right to keep something secret (or the successor agency, if original agency no longer exists) is the same one that has the right to decide when it should be made public. The hierarchical structure of government means that, in general, if a person has that power, so do her direct superiors, all the way up the chain. The President, at the top of the ladder, is everyone’s superior.

I have found a few articles (not this one) pointing out that Trump  didn't declassify the information he shared, so there is a weak, though technically extant argument that he might have overstepped his acknowledged bounds. However, I don't know of any law that clarifies whether or not a president can freely share information *without* declassifying it, so even if what he did wasn't explicitly legal, it  wasn't illegal either.
$C: No it's not. The US president has the authority to declassify any information he wants. If he wants to share that information there is nothing illegal about it.
$C: Wake up and smell the fucking ashes. You're in a thread discussing the fact that Trump was told directly that Russia is engaging in cyber warfare and chose to deny it, and the fact that it is very likely Trump has given every single secret he's been told to Russia. How about shut the fuck up and choose your battles, or just own up to your own future and start screaming in Russian for me. 
$C: You ever heard the phrase "a means to an end"?

I don't defend the means, but I can defend the end.

That is why I have faith that they will uphold democracy.
$C: Lol same answer as me, and only seconds ahead
$C: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Project_MKUltra

This is one example of a covert program that began 55 years ago, by the CIA.  

John Brennan is a convert to Islam.  Even according to [your own fact boy snopes](https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/cia-director-john-brennan-muslim/) 

“Not-biased” Comey came out and said [vote Democrat in the 2018 midterms](https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/onpolitics/2018/07/18/james-comey-warns-americans-vote-democrats-midterms/795780002/) 

So, tell me, do you trust our intelligence community to give you what you NEED to know, or do they tell you what you WANT to know???
$C: I have no interest in being a T_D mod though...

?
$C: Do you have an opinion on this article? 
$C: /r/politics isn't left leaning? It's like... Center-right if anything. Just because you're far right doesn't make the Democratic party a leftwing party. People in this thread acknowledging that Trump is a bumbling ogre who can't even lie well doesn't mean anyone doing that is a leftist. Most of these outspoken people still think Elon Musk is going to save the world, and are looking to the FBI to solve their problems. Neither of those seem very left to me.
$C: You are the problem.
$C: So why not waste taxpayer dollars by forcing them to assassinate you? Better than jumping off a bridge.

Honestly, even forcing them to nuke us to put down a revolution would be preferable because we are forcing them to waste massive amounts of resources.

Besides, the revolution starts in the third world where the eyes can't pry so easily.
$C: I know, but I am going to give them to you anyway so you may have a chance to break out of your echo chamber... not like the close minded likes of you ever really will though.
$C: Yeah, they have. And they are still threatening people, although they haven't in the past month at large, which is pretty typical for them, since they go on and off to garner better support both politically and economically. Here is a good article on what they continue to do, note that 38N is a very trusted and accurate source, typically the best you can find regarding situation in NK. 

www.bbc.com/news/amp/world-asia-44679144
$C: Nice comparaison bro
$C: Is this Batman? Are we in a Batman movie now?
$C: He took down the mob by giving a plea deal to a mob hitman with 17 confirmed murders. Mueller is going to flip someone close to Trump and it will be like Order 66 and Anakin betrayal to the Jedi. That's how it happened with Gotti. He realized when Sammy the bull was brought back into his cell after talking with Mueller, Gotti yelled and screamed because he knew what Sammy just did. 
$C: How can the president have that much power? How can your country basically have a king without calling himself a king? It seems like the PotUS has unlimited power, with the shit Trump gets away with day in, day out...
$C: To be fair he worked on Clinton impeachment trail and he saw how much of a disaster the entire process was, and realized there are better way to impeach a President. Impeachment is 90% public relations and 10% legal. That's what he didn't like. 
$C: So Ryan would maintain the presidency until 2020 even if dems regained control of the House? Assuming he changed his mind about retirement after becoming president. 
$C: [removed]
$C: [removed]
$C: Replying so I can get the link too later
$C: Realistically, how would it play out?
$C: > Naw, I started to really dislike her after she stayed with Bill after he cheated on her. I lost all respect for her.

So you voted for Trump, a guy that has so many sexual assault accusations against him and admitted to others?


[WHEN HAS TRUMP BEEN ACCUSED OF RAPE OR ATTEMPTED RAPE? ALLEGATIONS INCLUDE A CHILD, HIS WIFE AND A BUSINESS ASSOCIATE](https://www.newsweek.com/donald-trump-rape-sexual-assault-minor-wife-business-victims-roy-moore-713531)



You are angry that a woman didn't leave  her husband after he had  been accused of  and admitted to sexual assault, so you voted for a guy who has been accused of and admitted to sexual assault as a protest of the first guys wife?


>The first response to hearing her name makes me think how awful she is. That's it. It's as simple as that. Years of not liking her. 

You still don't state why she is so awful. All I hear in your response  is the evidence that FOX news and AM radio is very effective in doing a number on Hillary so that their listeners hate her.



Like Pavlov's dog.
$C: I'm banking on a cold war, we already got the Russians involved and a a glimmer of a space program worked back up. Don't forget space force. A push in nationalism to make the companies some more money that our elected can pocket, neatly hidden under the guise. Beneficial for everyone involved. Well except general population of course.

I mean Trump is kinda turning out to be the perfect scapegoat.
$C: "Hold my trunk"
$C: That's true, I just cannot wrap my head around how people believe him and forgive him. 

This goes beyond the saying "fool me once shame on you, fool me twice shame on me" what's the consequence after a million? 
$C: Yeah, idk what to say anymore and don't know how people still support him. Enough is enough, gop needs some more backbone and impeach this cheeto. 

This guy is representing us (assuming you're a us citizen as well or live in the us) and it's depressing. 
$C: I mean, that just goes back to the "given the map" comment to which I was replying. Neither of you are wrong, of course, but my point is that the map/gerrymandering shouldn't matter, because there shouldn't be people accepting any of this in the first place (that borders can conveniently be drawn around/through) but there they fucking are.
$C: Democrats Gerrymander when they have the chance just as much as Republicans.
$C: No its not. 
$C: We want progressives who will protect the people and the constitution. Dems don't always do that.

We need to vote for people who are on our side. I don't care if they're the Colonize the Moon party. We can't compromise with more neoliberals.

Yes, vote out all the conservatives, but if you can, get in real change. We have so much to fix and upgrade in our country. We can't do that with traitors in office or those who would hesitate to impeach all of them. 
$C: You are all so tiresomely treasonous 
$C: I'm part-way through the episode myself and I was getting the vibe that the way he talks about the far-right Japanese "patriots" pining for a return to the good 'ole days that never existed is kind of subtle dig at the current crop of right-wing nuts repeating history. Maybe I'm stating the obvious or being overly sensitive to things like this but its the feeling I got while listening anyway.

Loving the episode so far btw. I was so excited when I read the episode description and saw it was going to be a multi-parter. Totally worth the wait.
$C: Same!
$C: Well, yeah,  but it's weird to be stating so in a way that would put Hitler in any kind of good light
$C: But he doesn't though. They just agree with his hateful and crass personality
$C: I mean just think about the *level of human ignorance* that was going on here, folks!
$C: "That's when things get weeird... he had the stripper spank him on the ass, with a magazine."
$C: Well this is my favorite sequence of replies of all time. 
$C: Oh ok. Thanks.

Edit: maybe it could even be a generational thing?
$C: You are missing the third leg of your stool - veriafiability of the source. Not just their reputation, but how verifiable is the information they're putting forth.
$C: Feels like another impending dark ages doesn’t it? Robber Barron oligarchs have looted us so thoroughly, they’ve foisted ignorance and distrust of science so thoroughly, that were spiraling rapidly in to madness. 

I don’t see any good fix. Hell I don’t see any fix. I fear for the world my children will inherit. 
$C: I like to also say that most Trump supporters are pathetic misuses amino acids. 
$C: You can always subscribe to t_d, and possibly mix in some 4chan /pol/.

Edit: /s
$C: You mean watch. Those people don’t know how to read. 
$C: [What are you prepared to do?](https://youtube.com/watch?v=9ALcqt6GMhM)
$C: Sorry you don't understand my meaning. Thought it was obvious.
$C: fat chance. it's a well known fact that t_d neckbeards have katanas and are *trained* to use them.
$C: All great nations collapse from within.

Divide and conquer: One of the oldest tricks in the book
$C: and then we can lock all of them up separating thier whole family and then losing track of them in  california.
$C: Things look exaggerated when you have your head up your own ass
$C: Who cares about what the rest of the world thinks? Also didn't Russia invade Crimea under Obama? What did Obama do about it again?
$C: Which news? Reddit or Huff Post?
$C: Yeah, it's kind of crazy. I voted for her too even though I didn't like her. It's crazy looking back on what happened through the lens of the Russian interference. Kind of makes you wonder if the electoral college members could have been specifically targeted.
$C: > they get to say that they supported the nation over party, 

By keeping a treasonous buffoon at the highest chair? Wonder how does that fly?!
$C: im speaking in general
our lifestyle are similar
$C: That's the price for democracy. 
$C: Don't conflate a guerrilla war in hostile foreign territory with a full blown civil war. There seems to be this idea among Americans that they will join the good guys with their guns and fight the big bad military, but history shows that civil wars are way way messier. It would most likely involve the military splitting, and neither side would allow it's civilians to join the fight, unless trained into regular military units. 
$C: Fighting against guerrilla fighters in a densely populated urban area, where the fighters have support of the local population, is one of the hardest things any army can do.    Look at how hard it was for the US army to do that in Iraq, which is a much smaller country with a much lower population.
$C: I do think there is hope. There are so many people who sat the last election out and so many people who may not have been outraged before but are outraged now. We need a cacaphony of voices saying that this will not be tolerated in this country. And then we need to go to the polls in droves.
$C: Who the fuck do you think you are to call me selfish and lazy? Minimum wage part time with no paid time off means I have to work every shift I can to make ends meet and keep a roof over my head. 

If I decide to drive somewhere to protest for days I'm out of a job. I don't have enough in savings to make it more than a week or two and I'm out of money for bills. No money for food, no money for rent. I'll be living in a car down some back road unless I could come up with something else real quick. 

But yeah, stupid fucking fat lazy American right? Sorry I'm not as well off as you
$C: Right now, they *do* have a target to be horrified at. Trump. That's been the central element of our dialogue for about two years now, and I don't think it's getting displaced any time soon.

After the midterms, as you go into the next presidential election and beyond, I'm less sure.
$C: That's true of Trump because he had a 10 year reality show to build up his public persona before running. No one else could get away with this shit. 
$C: You don't think that Trump's actions affect your job or health? What about your security? What about your country?
$C: yeah man exactly, you get it. 
$C: Looks like the basis dates to 1830. 

[Four boxes of liberty](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Four_boxes_of_liberty)
$C: I honestly have never seen them before, but their post above makes me love them lol. Yup PK is a legend as well. So glad ppl like them are able to use their skills and benefit the rest of us.
$C: I know for a fact they've been around for several months at least now. I think I remember seeing a comment from them for the first time around February/March?

Looking at the subreddit, the first posts are from 3 months ago so it was probably more like March/April. They're just the good guy qanon :')
$C: [deleted]
$C: Ooooh shit, is that why Canada is a threat to ‘merica and not Russia? Because of a Canadian woman!? 
$C: As a female, I am so proud of her and embarrased by my assumption.  Thank you for informing me! 
$C: Actually it was never confirmed. PK themselves have stated it was a rumor people started and has never revealed their identity. They are Canadian, but no one knows their real gender.
$C: #### [S9 Ep19: Simpson Tide "I like the cut of your jib"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KZB7xEonjsc)
##### 67,661 views &nbsp;👍222 👎7
***
Description: classic

*Megan Rust, Published on Jul 3, 2013*
***
^(Beep Boop. I'm a bot! This content was auto-generated to provide Youtube details. Respond 'delete' to delete this.) ^(|) [^(Opt Out)](http://np.reddit.com/r/YTubeInfoBot/wiki/index) ^(|) [^(More Info)](http://np.reddit.com/r/YTubeInfoBot/)
$C: Russia and China have been enemies of the US for as long as I can remember. Maybe not legally, but they have been hacking and stealing state secrets for decades. They are not friends of the US and our president has leveraged attacks against our country for political gain. These are very dangerous waters to play in. If you or I had done the same, we would be in prison right now. Think about that, Trump is above the law. If we continue down this road we will end up like Brazil, Mexico, Russia and China. We are no different at this point from a corruption standpoint.

Edit: To those downvoting me, wake up and smell the fucking stinking roses.
$C: Ok we can just zero out his avatar 
$C: You’re reading comprehension is poor. Literally the first sentence:

>The Supreme Court decision US v Mitchell (1795) firmly establishes election interference as an act of war. 

https://supreme.justia.com/cases/federal/us/2/348/

>Again; **an insurrection with an avowed design to suppress public offices, is an act of levying war:** And, although a bare conspiracy to levy war, may not amount to that species of treason; yet, if any of the conspirators actually levy war, it is treason in all the persons that conspired;
$C: Luckily for us both, I am a professional sand-puncher. 
$C: no, he shouldnt have improved relations because putin is a human rights eating monster. its illegal to be gay there, he assassinates his opponents. if we integrate in any way with russia, america will turn into more of a shitstorm than it already is.
$C: If someone punches you in the face, is your first response "improve relations" with them? No, you punch them right back. 

Now, if someone is *repeatedly* punching you in the face in front of your friends, over and over for weeks on end, and all you do is say, "No it's fine. He's fine really. Why would I fight back? Why would I want to make anything worse?" 

*That* would be really fucking weird. That's also why it's weird for Trump to keep acting like nothing has happened despite evidence pointing otherwise. 
$C: Part of me wants to fight, I am actually aiming to become a teacher (College Professor) once I graduate, but part of me is already tired of fighting at 28. I am LGBT, I grew up very poor, I have been abused by the system in many different ways and I am just straight up tired of it.

I just dont personally see an avenue of fighting it that actually matters. Ive been involved in local politics, I have marched in protests, I have phone banked...

At this point im just starting to get worn out.
$C: Tweak? That's putting it lightly. There's several groups and people in power that should not be in power and nothing short of assassination is going to get them to give it up.
$C: No don't come here to the UK!  In the unlikely event you can get a visa we are about to get Boris Johnson as PM and he's no better than Trump.  Go for New Zealand. 
$C: I mean it wasnt bashing rich white people at all, it was bashing the GOP who only chases rights for those peoples, which there is proven evidence of.

That said, Hillary sucked as a candidate and the DNC forcing her down my throat has made me disillusioned with that party. I strongly believe the US needs more then a two party system, or we will just swing wildly back and forth until we collapse.
$C: Come. On. Take a look at who's in power at the moment and the single demographic that has been benefitting from the Republican agenda of the last 50 years. I'll give you a hint, it's not rich Hispanic people. It's not rich black people. And how are you going to try and act like rich white men need defending? They're so significantly the least systematically persecuted class in all of America
$C: That's literally what's being said: there is no control. Most concerned people HAVE come out, over and over again. Most people who believe that Trump should be removed have been saying so for over a year and a half.

And it doesn't matter.
$C: When I was 17 the Iraq war was illegally started. Many concerned citizens amassed in D.C. and protested. I was there, in permitted protests and unpermitted ones. We made our voices heard, nothing changed. I saw non-violent folks on bicycles pushed to the side walk and bashed with their own bikes by D.C. police.

I have found it to be mental gymnastics to convince myself that our country, its politicians, could represent us and our interests and a democratic process.

At my high school our principle threated  myself and a small group (this was in northern VA) of fellow students with suspension for truancy if we walked out of school to attend demonstrations in D.C. on the one year anniversary of the bombings in Baghdad.

I've found mass demonstrations in the U.S. seem to have a dismissible quality for American politicians. Mass demonstrations are often gas-lit by those in power as uncivil, and thus illegitimate. My thoughts and desires for actions that could create change have always been tinged by a darker, jaded edge, that demonstrations can feel good. But here in the states they amount to nothing. 

I think without excising all of the skeletons in America's closet, not just those of the GOP and Trump, we will be hard pressed for real change regardless of impeachments, changes in power with elections. 

Impeachment could be a great start for reckoning as it would be a powerful symbol for someone with experiences like myself. It would show us that our representative democracy is fallible but in dire circumstances work for safety and stability for our society at least.

I would join in an occupation of the White House, the capital building too. But I would do so with jaded fear and expectation that I would likely be put in prison and lose any shred of freedom defaulted and left to me in this broken democracy. 

I hope one day a broad majority of Americans will stop siding with power and privelege, especially the privilege wealth and money afford. That we will value real justice, truth, and history.
$C: I am honestly shocked and apauled by the lack of empathy of both replies.

Not going to say anything else.
$C: Oh I agree, 100%. The whole statement including that the US is a joke.
$C: > calling people who pragmatically supported Hillary a cult

Wasn't me, I was just quoting your hero Donna Brazille. 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Political_Revolution/comments/7abg2s/hillary_clinton_robbed_bernie_sanders_of_the/
$C: As an outsider to American politics period I just want to say it's a magical thing seeing fair responses like this
$C: So DWS didn't schedule shitty times for the debates? Didn't prevent more debates from happening? She didn't resign in disgrace? She didn't get the job after Tim Kain just randomly gave her the job, then got the VP nomination? She didn't join the Clinton campaign after her resignation? Donna fucking Brazile didn't write this piece? https://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2017/11/02/clinton-brazile-hacks-2016-215774

You said yourself they didnt *want* Bernie, that's fucking bullshit as it is. They should be impartial. And their chairman should not be a Clinton stooge, thats not how you run a fair primary.

Look dude, I'm all for being able to discuss politics, and discussing the merits of certain policies vs others. Taking a pro corporate stance vs a more tax heavy one, taking a more cross border trade stance vs a more isolationist. I'm all for that shit. But if you're saying that Hillary Clinton was not being directly helped by the DNC, to the detriment of Bernie Sanders' campaign in an *unfair* manner, then that is disingenuous at best. 

And that's not even mentioning the downright dirty tactics that Hillary pulled during the campaign. Basically calling him sexist with her whole bullshit "if i speak he says I'm shouting, because I'm a woman". Even after he defended her position on her stupid fucking decision to use a personal server rather than a secure one. Even her scummy pretense of being "too stupid" about it to the point she "wipes it like with a cloth???" There are a ton of reasons why people hated her as a candidate.

She was a fucking TERRIBLE candidate. I wish we had a woman president, I really do. Fuck, throw Liz Warren on that. Throw Tulsi Gabbard on that ticket. And plenty of others, but not this corporatist shill that Clinton eventually became. It is disgraceful that the DNC did not give a true progressive like Bernie (which stands for values Clinton *at one point* stood for), because it was in cahoots with Clinton. Disgraceful.
$C: Quit spewing your bullshit, the primary is over and no one believes your nonsense. She cheated during the debates and limited the number of debates because they knew the more people that found out about Sanders in time to be registered, the most primaries she would lose. Who the fuck does that? Receives debate questions ahead of time and then proceeds to get up in front of the world and act like she simply had no idea what was about to be asked. You people make me sick. They changed voting results in Chicago, forced thousands upon thousands of people in Brooklyn to believe they were registered until the day of and it was, "Whoops." Also, the DNC directly worked with the Sec of State in California in order to throw out tens of thousands of no political party voters in California. Again thousands upon thousands of people were given "provisional" ballots and many were simply never counted. Watch [this documentary about the California primary.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D5ugmNoanx8) Are you saying all these decent citizen volunteers are a bunch of liars? Is that really what you are saying? 
$C: Okay dude. Debbie and Donna have admitted it but go ahead and keep defending anti-democracy.
$C: The Democrat voters ARE just as fucking easy to manipulate as the Republicans.

The mainstream media was one of the most deadly things in the last election. They covered Trump straight to the presidency. The centrist and left media praised Hillary to no end, and repeatedly mocked Bernie in the very little airtime they did give him, even after he became a serious candidate.

The DNC election (in terms of votes itself) WAS rigged from day 1 due to superdelegates.

You're right, not voter fraud. But the media is the true devil here. The sheer number of recorded times we have the mainstream media (Fox, CNN, MSNBC, BBC, WSJ, WaPo, HuffPo, etc.) *blatantly* lying is absolutely dumbfounding. Trump won because we all know that 'Fake news' is all too real, if not really in the sense he uses it.

The democrats were played like fucking morons. The republicans were played like fucking morons. The independents were played like fucking morons. You and I were played like fucking morons.

And here we are. Coming close to the first case of blatantly provable treason from highest office in the country in American history.

It's gotten dark. It's gonna get darker.

But hey, gotta get worse before it gets better.

Bernie or Trump 2016. Bern it up or BURN IT DOWN. Or something like that, I guess.
$C: > The Democrat voters ARE just as fucking easy to manipulate as the Republicans.

Thank you @ABEW19043, took the words RIGHT out of my mouth.
$C: It also has a lot to do with how scared older voters of all stripes are of the word "socialism".
$C: So the typical, fingers in your ears, la la la response. Fair enough. I am not ashamed of fighting for the truth. 
$C: There are plenty of sources out there highlighting a certain former analyst to a major news network providing Clinton debate questions in advance. I'm not linking anything because ultimately, nt goal he isn't to damage the party further. Go look it up if you'd like. I concede I went too far to claim they 100% worked with the media, but those leaked emails and that instance in particular make it hard for some to believe they didn't. Which I understand is the point of leaking them. But just don't act like it was nothing. 

Anyway, moving on, why do you insist on having Bernie supporters admit anything? A vote is a vote... who gives a shit if we disagree on things that happened 2 years ago? People don't like the way it went down, get over it. You included.
$C: It's inconsistent. If the later is legal, why not the former? If the former is illegal, why not the later? 

The First Amendment allow you to lie ... unless it's in front of an investigator in which case the First doesn't protect you anymore??
$C: have you considered that perhaps rich people tend to be smarter than average and are worth listening to. yeah. don't listen to successful people. they're all idiots.
$C: "It comes after Putin suggested at the Helsinki summit that he would let US investigators be present for questioning of 12 Russian intelligence officers charged last Friday on allegations they carried out cyber attacks to interfere in the 2016 US election if Russians could do the same in America for people connected to money manager Bill Browder"

In that context I can understand it. America have asked for the same thing from Russia... What Russia are actually saying there is No, because of course America wouldn't allow a former ambassador to be interrogated by a foreign power, they just put such a stipulation on it so it can still be said an offer is on the table.

What they didn't bargain on is trump actually considering to do it... If he does do it then Russia will get their interrogation and then shift the requirements for the reciprocal one to something even more unlikely or impossible, whatever the official line from Russia may be you can be sure they'll not allow their own people to be interrogated by the American authorities, no matter the sweetener. 
$C: Guns might make you FEEL safer, but life gets you anyway.

Close friend or family member gets diagnosed with a brain tumor...

Kid wants to go to a school you can't afford, so then you have to decide between their dream and your financial security...

You get old and realize you're no longer the person you once were...

Guns won't stop any of these things, and they are the real blows...
$C: How long have you felt this way?
$C: PK debunked that one themselves a few weeks ago in a comment thread. 
$C: Deep state bruh. 
$C: and then leave it as a reddit gold standard for serious comments on anything
$C: This is a textbook tactic. I had a guy defend his own racism against immigrants by bringing up how Japan does it, and they aren't racist, ergo...I sent him the wiki page about how Japan is extremely racist and has been for a long time.
$C: While I was reading PoppinKREAM's well researched and footnoted post I kept thinking, "Even this level of detail wouldn't satisfy a Trump troll." There you have it.
$C: The term is “argument from ignorance”. It’s one of the top 10 most known and most common logical fallacies. 

In this goofball’s case he phrased the argument this way:

We don’t know why Veselnitskaya hasn’t been interviewed, therefore she is innocent 

The great thing about logical fallacies is they all sound good on paper, but are worthless. If every argument this goofball makes has a logical fallacy, you don’t need to be bothered with researching details of his posts, he’s wrong before the facts even got considered.  

It’s like doing a math problem and confusing addition for multiplication. You don’t have to check the work of a whole page-long problem when the guy can’t tell addition from multiplication. 
$C: PK actually hasn't confirmed their gender and doesn't plan to.

>I am indeed Canadian! Although, I've never specified what gender I am and wasn't planning to. This is a great example of an unsubstantiated claim that's grown popular online through hearsay, it's important to be skeptical of everything we read online if there are no sources backing up the claim. It's just a funny observation I've made as I try to source claims I make :) 

[Source](https://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/8wdc8v/in_a_series_of_posts_footnoted_with_dozens_of/e1vktdt/?context=8&depth=9)
$C: Unfortunately up voting him would lead people to believe that his arguments had merit, they don't. 
$C: I agree that we should encourage discussion between opposing views, but not when a commenter is arguing in bad faith.
$C: Nah, I'll keep my pitchfork, thanks. You know, being overly nice to people who are actively trying to dismantle our democracy isn't always the solution. Shaming and ostracization are tools human tribes have been using reliably and effectively for thousands of years before there were any official avenues of justice. It works. 
$C: Why are you praising ignorance?
$C: No one's buying any narrative, why praise somebody giving rebuttals without any proper sources if the original post was thoroughly researched?
$C: The guy misquotes the articles he references. If you had actually questioned peoples' sources, you would have noticed that.

Don't grant these morons the legitimacy they so desperately seek. They're not out to expose the truth or to benefit the public with their "questioning" of sources. They are trying to muddy the waters between fact and fiction so no one has a case against them and it's working because people are starting to believe bullshit like "both sides do this." Don't spew that cancer.
$C: It was a good idea. Spies and assassins have to think outside the box. Imagine if it worked? We'd have psychic trade schools all across the US.
$C: >..serious Russia-watchers follow RT religiously, ...   
  
They really care that much about their 'certified fresh' ratings?
$C: Unfortunately, the President of the United States is subject to Soverign Immunity to suit. We cannot charge him with a crime until he leaves office. Thus, we would need to Impeach him to get him out of office.

We have the Facts to Impeach Donald Trump. However, at the moment, the Political Consequences of Impeachment would cause more harm than leaving him in the chair. Here's the basic landscape:

We have *four* Democrat Senators from districts that voted *overwhelmingly* for Trump in the PResidential Election. Ongoing Opinion Polls from those District have shown that the President still enjoys their support. If those Senators vote for Impeachment, they're handing their seats over to the Republicans... giving them a solid majority of the Senate.

The successor to Donald Trump is one Mike Pence. I've characterized the choice of Mike Pence as a Running Mate as being a form of Impeachment and Assassination Insurance, similar to Richard Nixon's choice of Spiro Agnew as VP. We don't like Trump... but any sane man will take Trump over Pence. Pence is either a Christian Dominionist, or he *pretends* to be a Christian Dominionist... and at the end of the day the two are functionally the same.

Of course, what makes Pence *dangerous* is that he knows how to play the game. Trump really doesn't know how to *lead people*. Donald knows how to bully, he knows how to intimidate, and he knows how to flatter. Much like the more famous Duck with whom he shares a name, he has no real control over his temper and throws tantrums routinely. More importantly... Donald doesn't give ground. Once he stakes out a place on a Hill, he ***will*** die on that hill.

Meanwhile... Pence actually has his shit together. Pence has actual communication skills, the self-control of the average adult male, and the ability to strategically yield ground to his opponent when it's not worth defending. He is an *infinitely* more dangerous adversary. 

Unless we can knock Pence out at the same time and put Paul Ryan in the White-House... it's probably better to just let the orange toddler run around screaming. It's similar to how we let Hitler live, even though we had several viable assassination plans waiting in the wings. Killing Hitler would have put someone *competent* in control of Germany. Impeaching Trump would put someone *competent* in control of the White House.

---

We *do* still have a recourse, even without Impeachment. The Equitable Tolling of the Statute of Limitations is in play. So long as we can't charge him with anything, the Statute of Limitations for every crime he's committed is currently on pause. The moment he's out of the White House, the Justice Department can pounce... unless he Pardons himself on his way out the door.

*Fortunately for us*, Trump genuinely believes he hasn't done anything wrong. IT's entirely possible that he'll walk out of the White House without trying to cover his ass, because he doesn't realize that the Emperor's New Clothes don't exist.
$C: Or maybe he's busy uncovering other bad actors in our government and widening the web. 
$C: Patience, grasshopper.
$C: Actually, there is every reason to be optimistic, but we still MUST remain vigilant. 
$C: The next time some Trumpanzee starts screeching that Mueller doesnt have anything or he would have released it by now, remind them the Reoublicans' investigation of Benghazi took three years and the Starr Investigation during the Clinton administration took five years, and both of those were.genuine partisan witch hunts that turned up virtually nothing. Mueller' s investigation has already seen numerous indictments and many more are on the way. Mueller's investigation is obviously required.
$C: Thanks! I'm on vacation so I've had quite a bit of free time. I'm travelling soon so y'all might not see me as often for a week or two :)
$C: Yes, better to stick to reliable sources like QAnon. Right?
$C: Can you give an example of where he's doing that I mean? I didn't notice that but to me it seems like it's not on this guy to prove that these people are all innocent or that nothing happened, only to show that the original commenter didn't make their case well enough. I took it more as a critique of the other persons argument rather than an argument on their own. 
$C: I know this is a funny line, but it's also a shitty line. Gay people are not responsible for the majority of homophobia. We are not responsible for the most virulent homophobia. Straight people have that covered. People who say this do not understand how much homophobia exists and how much of it is violently hateful. If every violently hateful homophobe were a closet case, the number of LGBTQ people would more than double overnight. 
$C: Mike Pence is America's first closeted gay Vice President. 100% true.
$C: Right? All you had to do was lay there for your uncle.
$C: [deleted]
$C: You know the truth!
$C: those things are not damaging to america. so far, and since the beginning of the trump presidency, america has been on an upward swing. show me the data that says otherwise.
$C: Got eem!
$C: the article does not mention anything about any damage to america.
$C: Tax breaks. I have an extra 1k+ annually now. Thank you!
$C: all of my stocks are up big time. I, as well as you, don't have to pay as many taxes. the economy and the sentiment it's engulfed in are way up, and due to that i am making more money than ever by producing a valuable product that people only buy because they have the money to spend on it.
$C: those things damage america? so far, they haven't. and divisive rhetoric, really? look to the liberal media and see divisiveness.
$C: The US is actually one of the minority in this regard. Other heads of states can have recall elections, snap elections, be required to form a coalition, and more. Oddly enough, the US "spreader of democracy" has one of the least representative democratic governments in the western world, and an election for head of state which can't be nullified even in blatant cases and at it's core doesn't represent the vote of it's people. Turns out it's an oligarchy in disguise. Sorry yanks. 
$C: > It is our country under attack by an enemy nation

Can you describe *exactly* how they are attacking us?

> and there are traitors within the federal government. 

Like who? What proof do you have?

> It’s not about sides.

You 100% sure this isn't Democrats looking at internal polling data and deciding to flip the board before midterms?
$C: > Oh sweetie. You think you're the only ones with guns. How cute.

Oh sweetie. You are watching the slow motion collapse of the United States, soon we will slaughtering each other in the streets. How cute.
$C: It won't matter, its going to be every zir for zirself about 24 hours after it starts.

Just imagine the craziest fucking 1% of Trumps supporters feeling like they are let off the chain.
$C: You really think that the crowd that voted in Trump and continue to support him would have any qualms with voting in Pence? 
$C: That was very, very odd.
$C: They're trying to keep Pence as separate from this administration as possible. That's why Flynn was fired only after Pence "found out" he lied.

I'm convinced at this point, though, that a lot of people are going to be caught up in this. I believe the IC has had most of the details of all this for years (I mean, this article is evidence), and Mueller and his team have been spending most of their time building the actual case and following new leads when they appear.

They know what happened, and every statement Trump and Co. make is just more and more evidence on the pile.
$C: [Great reference!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y7tvauOJMHo)
$C: Might want to educate yourself about the history of our debt.  Both sides are big spenders at least for the last 80 years.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Ah, but Elba probably won't be loaded up with a legion of Trumpsters this time.
$C: It would be poetic if his future treatment is entirely up to how Mexico feels about him.
$C: I was about to say that place is still open isnt it? That said I probably missed the news of its closure if it is closed.
$C: It won't matter even if it's slam dunk irrefutable damning evidence, his supporters will find any reason to continue their support. They don't support him in a typical political sense, they're devoted to him the way one would be to a religious figure. Nothing will change their minds, because nothing *can* change their minds.
$C: That's either intensely naive or intensely stupid. Nobody is a constant in this administration. Significant positions have changed hands twice in two weeks. There is no more loyalty to Pompeo than there was to Tillerson. But if thinking that Trump is doing a great job keeps you warm at night, go for it.
$C: Yo, mad props for giving this guy the run down. 
$C: Thank you for all the explanations, I understood quite a bit more. 

It sounds like the US political system was carefully crafted, and I admire that. However, no governmental system is perfect. 

It is apparent that your system is being put to the test with this presidency. I wish all you steadfast Americans well. 
$C: >It should be tempered by the knowledge that we do this every day around the world. Russia certainly isn't the only country doing this.

You don't know that the reaction *isn't* tempered. You are literally just guessing. 

>The real story should be how clumsy and amateurish the Russian attempt was compared to the sophisticated and planned destruction of nations the US undertakes.

No. Though that's a very telling statement. 

$C: So they have no right to be mad about it and should just take it? 

You're cute. 
$C: The larger point is that it's wrong. Period. There is no argument to be made to take it less seriously.
$C: You have yet to show me where I did. 
$C: The insurance industry is one of the largest industries in the country, it's a *trillion dollar* one. Medical insurance is mostly run by private companies. It's one of the reasons healthcare in America is far more expensive than any country with public healthcare- since insurance companies are involved with most transactions, hospitals charge multiple times the actual rate for treatments, knowing how much an insurance company would pay.

Because it's virtually impossible to pay for any treatments in America because of this, insurance companies are also extremely cutthroat with their prices- they know people *need* them, and they charge obscene rates. Even then they're quite sketchy in coverage- you might go to the hospital and find out later in your bill that they conveniently do not cover payments for your new prescription, or they deemed your illness isn't covered under your plan.

This is the reason you might hear Americans talking about job benefits so much instead of just pay- a lot of us can't even afford to visit to the doctor or dentist regularly, so we need the insurance which some employers give to let us go.

This is before going into the deep corruption of American pharmaceutical companies or how the government treats healthcare. For instance, you might remember how the government run health insurance program Obamacare was a very very hot button issue in the news 5 years ago- this is largely because Republican senators received very sizeable contributions from pharma and insurance companies to make sure the bill was obstructed as much as possible to protect the industry. You may also remember how much it was called a failure of a bill- ironically, that's due to the multiple rewrites and additions to the bill inserted by the Republicans to make it seem as undesirable as possible to prevent it passing.

As you can probably tell, the American insurance industry is basically one of the purest embodiments of corruption and examples of disregard for the greater public in the first world. It's literally in existence to make money rather than provide healthcare and the last major attempt at getting the government involved was heavily sabotaged because of course a trillion dollar industry has too much sway over legislators.
$C: It's really not. Nixon's faults are massive, but at least he was no man's crony. Nixon may have tainted the honor of the presidency, but at least he did it by being underhanded and ruthless, not stupid and inept. Trump has every one of Nixon's faults in a worse form, plus a myriad of others, and without any of Nixon's positives.
$C: Neither would I but until that happens W. Is worse in my eyes.
$C: Could you explain which of Trumps policies you feel are responsible for these things?
$C: Were you trying to make the stupidest argument possible or was that an accident?

Because its pretty obvious when you look at how states and counties are doing rural areas are behind in nearly every way. 
$C: Yes, I believe they might. I never registered to vote until this year and I'm 31. I served in the military too when Obama was elected, I didn't even register to vote when the guy was going to be my boss. I just didn't care. But now, this fucking fool is too much to ignore. I know several people who were the same way and have now registered too. Have hope, we'll fix it one way or another.
$C: >And why do you equal communism with democrat voters?

That I did not do. I said that the anti-western Marxist propaganda being churned out of universities is being ignored by the majority left-wing media because those universities are conveniently also churning out Democratic voters.

>...communism propaganda is mainstream at universities... How about a study?

You've shifted my claim a bit there - I say that explicitly anti-western, anti-individualistic, essentially Marxist modes of thought are mainstream.

http://www.bmartin.cc/pubs/85spp.html

"Science: a masculine disorder?", 27 citations. Just off the tip of the iceberg.

https://www.google.com/search?source=hp&ei=6uRVW-mGKOTA0PEP1q-wwAs&q=ethnic+studies+course+overview

Try any of those, since you wanted more than one example.

To take the first one that I clicked, the course asks the question

>"What does it mean to claim racial “colorblindness”?"

Well, you can look this up, and

>"Colorblindness is the racial ideology that posits the best way to end discrimination is by treating individuals as equally as possible, without regard to race, culture, or ethnicity."

Now, evidently, this is a problem, because

>Colorblind Ideology Is a Form of Racism

https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/colorblind/201112/colorblind-ideology-is-form-racism

Yep, you read that right. Treating individuals equally without regard to race, culture, or ethnicity is a bad thing. This is explicitly anti-individualistic, anti-western, anti-science. And yes, this is main fucking stream, this is what I encounter every single day when I go to class.

I do owe you an apology for being overly brief in establishing my point - as you say, you are not aware of the situation and have apparently not seen any of this before.
$C: sadly while I do not agree with your premise I do agree with your last conclusion.  
$C: > there is no concrete evidence of any form of treason

There doesn't have to be. Impeachment is a political process, not a legal one.

> high misdemeanors

Plenty of those.
$C: You will not be disappointed. Easily the best political commentary on reddit.
$C: Why don’t you try reading my comment out loud to yourself. I didn’t call Clinton a good candidate. The dude said he hopes dems run Clinton in 2020 and I asked why he wouldn’t want a good democratic candidate? You know, what’s best for America and shit. But you just reee’d so hard, you couldn’t read my post properly. 
$C: Not only are you guys the real racists, you're the real homophobes too?
$C: You're the one that didn't address my point at all. Frankly not sure why you felt compelled to write nothing of insight. 
$C: ^this
$C: [removed]
$C: The case where they have repeatedly told us that Trump is not the focus. Or are we just conveniently ignoring that piece? 
$C: Then why don't you withhold judgment until it's cooked?
$C: > Republicans will only do what's right if it happens to be against the other side.

Ding ding ding winner!


$C: *In defense of rigging a primary election*.
$C: The burden of proof is on him when he makes such a claim. Innocent until proven guilty and no one here has any evidence that President Trump has committed an impeachable offense. 
$C: All you've presented was speculative nonsense. Most of your sources even say there wasn't a lot of mischief going on. Too much speculating and talk of smoking guns. 

Politico is an awful website to base your argument on btw. Opinion articles aren't going to get you far either. Also, what the heck is your third link? lol Highly respectable information we got here. 
$C: Ahhh I see ! Thanks for filling me in. It all makes a lot more sense now. Pretty sneaky eh
$C: What shit choice in wording. He should have used progressivism or progression of liberal ideals. Saying progress in general is a bad thing is just idiotic. I’ve literally never heard just the word progress itself tied to any political ideology 
$C: I'm being downvoted by people that started watching the news three months ago.  "Progressive" as a term is absolutely understood to mean "liberal" right now.  Do you think Fox news would be calling liberals "progressives" if the term were accepted to mean unambiguously and indisputably "forward looking"?

NO, of course they wouldn't!  If we accepted that as a modern definition, every GOP member would consider themselves "progressives.". Progressivism is, in modern usage, a term for certain aspects of western liberal ideology.  Everybody wants PROGRESS, but in the context of politics, progressivism isn't objective progress. 

I'm being downvoted by people who do NOT follow the news on a regular basis, people that see sensationalized headlines like this, and assume that if the right doesn't completely agree with "progressives," they're anti-progress.  These folks have absolutely no understanding of how American democracy works.  People that have literally never heard an anchor utter the word "progressive," and assume that being a "progressive" means that progress is automatically being made.
$C: Maybe you mean progressivism or the progressive left? Cause just saying progress in general makes you sound like an utter moron. The word progress is inherently a good thing by definition 
$C: It should be illegal to be *this fucking stupid.*
$C: I’m the one missing the point? Please explain me the point then 
$C: >a poor job from the perspective of a leftist. of course he's doing a poor job from the perspective of someone who us against pretty much everything he stands for.

How is this from a perspective of a "leftist" since his policies and or measures are counterproductive for the American economy and thus would not benefit either side left or right. 
$C: So... what exactly has he done? Where’s that wall he promised? How will this trade war help anyone? How do you explain away the constant lying?
$C: [removed]
$C: You are welcome! 

*You are still welcome!
$C: You must know more than the intelligence community because they already testified in front of congress that no votes changed. 

Does MSM take part in misinformation to sway voters? Yes, absolutely they do. That is impacting elections too.  

That’s all the Russians wanted, to create confusion and anger with voters. Just look at this post, wow so many people voted and commented on an article that is essentially an opinion piece that refutes it’s own point. 
$C: You think Trump walked back his statement to be more critical of Putin/Russia and this is still a problem for you? Wasn’t your whole argument that Trump isn’t critical of Putin? 
$C: [removed]
$C: Keep calling them all traitors who should be executed and lets see how divisive we can get!
$C: ok ivan two
$C: Who's we? lol
$C: [removed]
$C: Is it our own medicine? Did I miss some talking point you’d provided in another dimension that justified how I’m anything to do with whatever big old chip you got on your shoulder with America? You’re so jaded and bitter that you sit online and troll redditors as a consequence to actions they neither agreed with nor were asked about. How is that in any way satisfying? I’m trying to figure it out, but I just keep coming to the conclusion that you’re just not aware of your own value contradictions and are just too programmed to be a tool to realize it. You’ve got the goals and entertainment interests of a disgruntled, abused, and bitter child. I just feel sorry for you mostly.
$C: No he’s not. 

How is it beyond the scope of his life? Do you know him personally or are you one of those people that doesn’t have the mental capacity to understand that the world isn’t made up of 7 billion of “you”?

“Doesn’t affect me so Clearly it can’t affect ANYONE. My situation is the standard for all human life!”

The sheer lack of self awareness is pitiful. 
$C: Well I'm glad you're aware enough to see your ignorance. Step 1 is admitting you have a problem. You're on your way.

Once again, you can't prove me wrong. Just deflect and ignore. 
$C: https://www.newsweek.com/us-military-killed-200-russians-syria-airstrikes-pompeo-says-trump-considers-883947

From that^:
"Sometime between February 7 and 8, the Syrian Democratic Forces claimed to have come under fire by pro-Syrian government forces and called for coalition backup. The U.S. responded with heavy air power, killing an unknown but reportedly large number of targets. Russia, which acknowledged that some of its citizens were involved, and Syria argued that the Syrian Democratic Forces initiated the attack to consolidate control of nearby, formerly ISIS-held oil fields."
$C: I can kind of imagine how a rural or lonely person could support Trump to “get back at the cool kids”. 

But someone supporting him from another country that isn’t an enemy? That’s some serious personal issues.
$C: Congratulations, you’re as good as the worst Americans 
$C: Step one: Trump mentions that North Korea doesn't seem to be following through and that maybe he was wrong saying he thought they would.
$C: [removed]
$C: [deleted]
$C: What would you find offensive coming from him?  Would you let him fuck your daughter?  Would you let him shit in your mouth?  Would you let him slap you in the face?  Do you have any dignity or are you so happy with him he can just do whatever and you don't care about your countrymen, you're country or yourself anymore?
$C: Which is more likely: the country notorious for being cheating scum and running a state sponsored doping program, that has been invading its neighbours and killing off political opponents for years, that is essentially run by the Russian mafia, meddled in the election to help get a spineless, malleable moron elected, or that the CIA and all the other intelligence agencies want to start a war with a nuclear power for... what reason again?
$C: Caught us! Guess the cats out of the bag that I completely represent the left! We just go jealous watching you guys enjoy your "librul" tears. Had to cash in.
$C: You can't erase what we all saw and heard when he stood up there with his boss.
$C: So i assume you don't actually watch or listen to any of the things Trump says. No one is making shit up here. The source is Trump lol 
$C: Do you honestly believe that those [$100 BILLION](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paris_Agreement#Ensuring_finance) given for FREE to poor countries will go to "climate funding"?
$C: He’s no more evil than the last 5 presidents, just way more idiotically vocal. The power of the position is the problem, not the person occupying it. 
$C: [removed]
$C: Norp.
$C: Yes. Clearly it was removed for something. So I edited it to follow all the rules. 

I mean you PMed me crying about how the comment was gone so I thought I’d post it again for you 
$C: Bruh the article just stated that they sent malicious links. You have to click the link in order to allow the hackers access to your data. Plus it sounds like they just bearded them into getting emails from different places rather than staying with google. All I’m seeing is that the DNC is so old they never heard about Kony 2012 and not to trust all spam mail links. Yes I’m the one that’s brainwashed by not following the aids liberal shit that keeps going on in the media and listening to how dictator Trump is gonna kill every immigrant in an open market capitalistic democratic society. 
$C: > Lie. It was set up to talk about sanctions, or as Trump put it on Air Force One, “adoptions.” 

You know Veselnitskaya worked for Glenn Simpson (of FusionGPS), right? You know that her prior lobbying work with Simpson was on the Magnitsky Act, right?  You know what the Magnitsky Act does? It bans adoptions from Russia (among other things).

> Papadopoulos worked for Trump’s campaign and knew Russia had “dirt” on Hillary in the form of stolen emails. And he didn’t go to the FBI about it. 

PapaD is supposed to go to the FBI about a random comment a Maltese professor makes?

> Him and Trump dropped the part about Ukraine at the RNC.  

Fake news.  Never happened. This has been debunked repeatedly.

> And Manafort has deep connections and debt to Russian oligarchs, that’s seemingly why he worked on Trump’s campaign for free. 

I know nothing about his pay arrangement on the campaign. However,  I do know Manafort worked on John McCain's 2008 campaign. Is McCain a Russian agent too?  In fact, Manafort's best friend and business partner (Rick Davis) was McCain's fucking campaign MANAGER.

> He allegedly paid Russian hackers. 

Rachel Maddow tell you that? 

> He’s an unregistered foreign agent, like Flynn. 

Do you know how many foreign lobbyists are in D.C.? Thousands.  Do you know how many are registered?  Not many.
$C: That's an information dump of all the crap I've been reading about since the end of 2016 lol 

There's no actual evidence being shown or provided to the public.
$C: Just look at the weekly news reports lmao.
$C: I never said terrorism isn't concerting, and ofcourse only conservatives would feel they're the only ones that care. that's their selling point.

Funny that you try to accuse me of ignoring the signs , literally adding up the things that MAY make him a terrorist. yet literally no evidence to that fact has ever been giving.  You actually give a small speech  "The perp is 34. Born in Iran. Living in Germany. Authorities are thus far refusing to give his name or to comment on his motives." with the clear indication of you thinking he's a terrorist simply through circumstantial stuff. 

I really don't see the point. even IF IF IF it was a terrorist thing. you guy's have thousands a people a year getting shot to bits by your own people because of your own retarded laws . to the point where can confidently say that for every 1 school shooting victim here you have a hundred where you live. so even if you idiotic claim were to be true we save many many more lives than we lose by not being idiots when it comes to gun control and mental care. 

I don't need to stagger back at all. i have nothing to hide from nor does my country. We're better than you in every single conceivable way.
$C: How will you react if Trump is found innocent? That possibility carries far more ramifications than just our side chilling out on the "He's a Russian agent!" accusations. It's going to make it look like we fabricated all the evidence and the press just pushed a narrative to make clickbait money at our expense. Just imagine Trump the next day after being found innocent. His claims of "Fake News" will have bigger teeth.

I don't know man....something just doesn't feel right. Nixon was investigated after the fact but with Trump we had FISA court warrants and taps on people as the campaign was happening. If he is guilty I wouldn't think they would be letting him make Supreme Court nominations. I probably just need to stop watching the news for a while lol
$C: So you don't actually care about the report unless it confirms what you've already decided.
$C: [deleted]
$C: So why can't these 12 intelligence officers show some evidence and get Trump out? Because they have nothing.

Again, with the insults, because you can't make a single fucking good point. Wow.
$C: From the quality of your response I don't think there's a point.
$C: I can't. Like I said I don't have the answers. And neither do you. Lack of evidence is not evidence thereof. I'm not screaming impeach. It took years to ferret out Nixon's crimes. So what if there been loads of leaks, neither of us know who leaked what and why. Neither. Side. Knows. I'm more than willing to change what I belive in light of the entire body of evidence. Unless your username is ironic, it pretty clear what horse is yours in this race.
$C: I'm on mobile, and you're being an ass.
$C: Don't forget EVIL REPUBLICANS
$C: Damnit
$C: I am, was and always will be a Bernie supporter. Make any asinine assumptions that you want. The DNC is a travesty as an organization, completely beholden to special interests and totally spineless. Enjoy your McResistance.
$C: We know the emails are real.

So the photo was metaphor ffs. Fine make it a video recording, happy? Don't be so pedantic. Make it whatever you want, so that you know it's real.
$C: Can't find anything that says he did enforce them. 
$C: Do you not get that none of this stuff would be happening if the DNC didn't collude with Clinton against her competitors?

That's the information released in the DNC emails. If she wasn't guilty of sabotaging her competition, then there wouldn't be a problem. She lost because she was crooked.

$C: Evading the question shows that you don't actually care about your democratic process.
$C: > what do you consider a credible source?

Hard to say nowadays.

Due to increased media concentration, many news outlets are owned by larger parent companies. In that case, you have to start looking at the parent companies and discern if they're trustworthy or not. Check out the writers, their old stories, do they have a bias, if so, which direction, etc...

https://i.redd.it/67pkciddgra11.jpg

Mostly, just stay skeptical of everything unless you can find an end source with actual evidence. And even, stay skeptical. There's a lot of bullshit going around and it's hard to believe what is what.
$C: The dude is a conspiracy nut, dont take him too seriously.
$C: There's a song called Divide & Conquer written by the band Husker Du back in 1985. Check out the lyrics for it. I just bring it up because it mentions Reuters.

https://youtu.be/hpH_rKkjVwQ

The lyrics are creepily relevant for today's climate actually.

$C: My claims of which? Hillary Clinton rigging the election?

Debbie Wasserman Schultz had to get fired by Obama because the bitch wouldn't quit, even after the emails clearly showed her siding with Clinton.

Oh I love this article from July 25, 2016.

https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/damaging-emails-dnc-wikileaks-dump/story?id=40852448

> "Experts are telling us that Russian state actors broke into the DNC, took all these emails and now are leaking them out through these websites," Mook said Sunday. "It's troubling that some experts are now telling us that this was done by the Russians for the purpose of helping Donald Trump."

I love how that article puts the relevant part of the story below the part where they start accusing Russia even before the election happened.

Obviously you've never heard the term 'damage control' before.
$C: Like CNN, MSNBC, NYT, Cracked, The Onion, Shareblue, HillaryForPresident.com and ImpeachDonaldTrump.com
$C: What part of my comment was ad hom?

Indulge me. 
$C: Of course he can't.

Jump off the merry-go-round now because you'll just end up going around in circles with these idiots. 
$C: Oh really, please go on to explain the detailed specifics
$C: Lmk when they are taken into custody
$C: Your name describes how those names feel.
$C: oh the irony 
$C: So it would be a good thing if people hacked into your computer and released all the porn you have watched publicly?  What is good for the goose is good for the gander.
$C: It's worth investing some time to figure out why you're so angry.
$C: Bullshit, the fact they issue retractions increases their credibility, it doesn't diminish it.
$C: Doubling down on inaccuracy would be a much more honest solution. You fucking people, Christ.
$C: Source? Because it seems you have no idea about credibility and are just attacking the source because you can’t argue with the actual merits of the article.
$C: Trumptards are out in full today. As if me providing evidence will actually change your mind. And if you actually are interested in viewing the evidence, please check out /u/ShitPoppinKreamSays.
$C: I mean, you're almost right... 

I disagree on most things with most liberals. But I don't live in a black and white, only 2 options world. I disagree with some things people believe on the Conservative side as well. Does that make me a Rooskie though, because I agree with most ideas on the Right?
$C: Oh I'm far from a victim. I couldn't be anymore happier where this country, and I, am at right now. I'm just sick of people like you lumping me into a boogie man group as an accuse for your girl losing the election. We're all here and real, trust me. There's not nearly as many Trump haters as the Reddit echo chamber likes to believe. Reddit community accounts for a fraction of the actual country. 
$C: So worst case Russia is about as "involved" with Trump as a streaker on the field is "involved" with the coach of a team playing the game.
$C: I agree that you're correct on the problem. I don't know if your solution is practical even with the lowered bar. The problem this time would not be proving it. It would be getting people to accept the proof. If you believe that investigators and news are rigged against you then there isn't anyone left in place to prove it. Individual research tends to lead to you being marked as unreliable as well.

Basically, you need an admission from the administration or the Trump supporters need to voluntarily open themselves up to being wrong. Most people aren't as devoted as they are to one politician. This is why a cult of personality is so dangerous and difficult.
$C: You arent interested in  a real debate. If i post 20 blogs that I myself wrote saying Trump is literally hitler resurrected, does that mean you need to spend the time to debunk them?  Thats insane
$C: You can take it however you want, but this is clown shoes.
$C: The second one is daily caller research. Didn’t you even read it? Lol
$C: Zeifman’s accounts have also been largely discredited (as discussed in the article), as they changed significantly over the years, especially when compared to other people who worked on that committee.

Zeifman himself caught a pretty bad case of CDS (Clinton Derangenent Syndrome) back in the 90s.
$C: Who the hell was attacking sources? Snopes literally posted the fucking payroll. Them's facts, bud.
$C: You mean the source that went back and found the original payroll records of the committee that showed Hillary was on the payroll until the end of the investigation?  And then posted those documents for you to examine yourself?

How awful.
$C: Of course it is because it uses facts
$C: Not whataboutism because its true. You said Hillary had a history of shady dealings i simply pointed out the fact that trump, who only won because of foreign meddling, was known for his corrupt business practices well before he was elected but no own cares about that 'cause the emails!'

Y'all are fucking retarded.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Remember when Flynn was shouting lock her up? Remind me what happened after that.
$C: He campaigned on that though. You calling him a liar?
$C: This fucking embarrassment of a president has done a ton of shit   we didn't think was possible. Maybe he could just ask someone to attack them and pay the legal expense? 
$C: I still can't believe they let dumb and dumber run for president 
$C: Irrelevant, he's shadier than Hillary by a long shot. Your argument is horseshit just like your Russian president. 
$C: Ok buddy
$C: [deleted]
$C: Oh you got me aren't you special. I clicked the res link that didn't show the full wiki article which is why I deleted it. The fact that he wanted to do something about guns after those school shootings is a good thing from my point of view. I'm not anti gun like you probably think I am but I'm all about some compromises. The fact that leaders on the right won't even think about compromising is the saddest part. Something the majority of Americans support.

I know you guys probably hate politifact, but there are several different polls linked in this article that show they aren't listening to their own constituents.

http://www.politifact.com/wisconsin/statements/2017/oct/03/chris-abele/do-90-americans-support-background-checks-all-gun-/

I also agree that setting up laws based on the words "assault weapons" is stupid because they can mean almost anything, but no GOP or NRA head has stepped up, as there constituents want then to do, to provide alternatives, or options, or something, anything.

But the bottom line is that Obama was never coming for your guns. He always set things up with the GOP so he could easily compromise with them. Ask for more and give up some things so we can meet in the middle. Lot of good it did this country though now that we have Donald the moron running things.
$C: ... so they didn't do anything, out of fear of political backlash. I'm glad we agree.
$C: Nah I'm just some dumb redneck with an internet connection.
$C: [removed]
$C: Aaaaaahhhhhhhh, the old 'middle ground, do nothing' tactic. Very effective.
$C: I was being snarky
$C: Keep burying your head in the sand!  The louder you scream fake news the more idiotic you sound.
$C: Except theres just no fascism to be found anywhere.
$C: Both of you are the problem.   Good day.
$C: [deleted]
$C: I think its disgusting how successful Russias efforts to ideologically subvert America have been. Years and years ago I saw Yuri Bezmenov's interviews for the first time. And it just looks more and more like they have been successful. I've always tried to get people to have normal discussions without insults and vitriol.  Every time I engage someone in a political discussion here, someone inevitably ends up spewing insults and hate, or refusing to see another angle. You could go through and look, I really do try to be very reasonable but to no avail. What's sad is that was a lot of Russia's intent. Everyone attacking each other just does the work for the Russians. I couldn't give a fuck less about political parties. I just want people to be reasonable. If we keep taking whatever is provocative or eye catching at face value, and running with it, it makes everything worse. And these last 2 years have been absolutely full to the brim with nonsense and things that don't add up. Interesting and sad to watch happen.
$C: Let us know when he's racked up the amount Obama gave to Iran in cash, since you don't seem to be outraged about that
$C: Much better. Thank you for dialing back the parent voice /s.

Just an FYI: I was responding to your chastening to "understand investigative journalism for once...". I find your correction absurd on at least two levels, one of which I touched upon briefly in the second paragraph. The tl/dr is: 1) investigative journalism is more or less defunct; and 2) I don't lend much credence to the constant whining of the major broadcast news outlets.

The cynicism I described is about the media. They've gone from the "observer/reporter/watchdog" position to the "active political participant" position. I'm not going to blindly trust them...so sue me.
$C: Never claimed wisdom or correctness. You're projecting.

I claimed experience. And based on that experience, my observation of the media is that they've moved from observer/watchdog to active participant for their preferred agenda. We have reporters, sure. But most of the airtime is devoted to punditry.

And no. I'm not interested in continuing this conversation with you, given the way you've misconstrued what I already wrote.
$C: Where did I say I believed those?

It's fairly stupid to assume that every article under the sun which is attacking one person (and/or an organization, the GOP in the case) is somehow 100% objective.
$C: Beep boop bop yeah I’m a bot you idiot hahaha wow how is this an excuse. Do you understand what bots are???? Bots are hacked computers that perform denial of service attacks on servers. They are zombie controlled. 

Social media you have multiple layers to create accounts. You have to create multiple emails, multiple social media accounts. Have all the information stored. Create hundreds of  thousands of them to make any impact. Then you have to log in to each one every day and make connections with people. Then what I wait in the shadows to give you fact about how we killed the fuck out of Russians. Like c-130s lighting them up. With gun fire and ground support with tanks. I would be celebrating that being a bot? Hahaha you’re a loser. You are such a sheep my god. Is your favorite food grass? 

Lol you’re nip picking so bad ! I said it was the dossiers and you said no achwueeelllyyyy it’s just a part !! Hahahahahah


I said they have been investigating Trump since 2016 I never mentioned Mueller again you’re an idiot hahahahahahaha

Schiff wanted Trumps nudes!!!! He’s a pervert hahahah


Yeah they have a connection to this conversation you are assuming Russia controls Trump and he blew them the fuck up hahahahaha 


BAHHHHHHHH BAAHHHHHHHH I ONLY BAAHHHH WATCH CNN BAHHHH AND MSNBC


THIS GUY IS A BOT BAHHHHHHH 
$C: What was some of the disinformation? Or was it just information that was unflattering to the DNC?
$C: Nice cherry pick on the quote. Now go ahead and list who said that quote. There’s a very good reason you didn’t, huh? More dishonesty. 

Also, to call parents who fled war-torn countries and risked their lives to provide a better life for their children is so far past disgusting, I’m actually a bit shocked. I know you’re morally bankrupt already, just judging by your support for such a disgusting president, but this is a new low for you. 

“Obama’s set up was worse”

“Stop using whataboutism..”

I already said Obama’s was worse. And asked you why you won’t say that Trump is also to blame for this. But you’re too fuckin brain dead to stay on track. You’re so deluded into this two party bullshit that you can’t admit when your “god emperor” makes a mistake. And it A. Just makes you look like his bitch (judging from this conversation, that looks to be correct) and B. It makes you so impervious to any factual information at all. You, specifically, is what I truly dislike about this administration. Idiot supporters who can’t accept reality. 

You actually tried justifying the “optics” was the problem rather than children in cages separated from their parents. You are truly a disgusting human, and a disgrace to this country. 

Also, calling me a Democrat slave is hilarious when I’ve voted mainly republican in the past. You fuckin idiot. 
$C: From the article: “The authorities released this image of illegal migrants inside a large cage - reporters said they saw unaccompanied children in similar conditions”

You really can’t read, huh? 
$C: What is due process hurrr
$C: Not a Muslim ban. A travel ban, literally includes all races and religions focused on high terrorist activity. If it was a Muslim ban don’t you think he would have, you know, banned all Muslim majority countries? Or maybe left leaning media just don’t like Trump and want to paint him as badly as possibly, similar to how many right wing media did for Obama, or left wing media did for Bush, or right wing media did for Clinton (see the pattern?).   
   
Why is crime related to illegal immigration called Xenophobic? He hasn’t said anything about legal immigrants and has stated illegal immigrants can be good people but need to respect the law. Sex trafficking, gang members, criminals, drug smugglers are all legitimate reasons to be concerned about illegal immigration.   
   
I agree that his tariffs are dumb. Tariffs are just a future tax on a countries citizens. Surprised dems are for it considering how much they like the idea of increased taxes ;)
$C: lmao the muslim ban which doesnt affect the top 10 muslim majority nations, nice try braindead npc
$C: Representation of the peoples needs.  Kind of weird to teach an american how democracy works...
$C: [deleted]
$C: Actually I don't. At all. I didn't know that existed until you told me. Sounds like you pay more attention to liberal outrage machine CNN than me. 

I'm not commenting on the sources because I don't know anymore than what the article reports. You know that. You obviously think that is some sort of trap that's worth something. This isn't CNN reporting on a salute though, is it?

Do you know what priors are? You can't invalidate this because they don't explicitly name names and occupation. 
$C: Only idiots watch news channels that lie and exaggerates shit. This goes for fox news and brietbart especially.
$C: [removed]
$C: Are you fucking kidding me? Jesus Christ no wonder the Russians were able to simply put things on Facebook and you Muppets believed them.

$C: President Trump is innocent. He's innocent because he hasn't been found guilty. It doesn't matter how much you BELIEVE that he's guilty. It's called due process. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: If there was a reason to post on something, they throw the republicans under the bus. They try to cover the true issues that democrats have. They took a congressman and made him out to be Satan, While they put a halo on a democrat.
$C: Like how they could of easily corrected the apparent hack on the votes?

$C: I block Nazis 
$C: The game Still has the same rules though.. 
$C: I guess?
$C: That’s because it’s in the context of the election, I clearly stated my worldview is consistent with reality given that Trump won...

You believed there was no way he could win, and now that world view as absolutely *shattered* by reality that you cannot accept it and have come up with his weird conspiracy theory to explain it all. Textbook cognitive dissonance.

You’re being deliberately disingenuous now, there is no taking of his comments out of context, he explains pretty clearly his anti Trump bias, if you view the texts, actual EVIDENCE, you can see they conspired against candidate trump, these are facts, not unverified sources say nonsense, you can keep covering your ears and ignoring reality if you want, I prefer to live in the real world.

Have a nice day!
$C: You realize the d has like 100 active users and most of them are shills right? All those active numbers are bots. Im sure, since you know everything, that you already knew that. 
$C: Until there is proof quit acting like there is. It will be quite troubling if there is proof. I for one hope there isn't any. I dont even like Trump ...
$C: I'm sorry for you attitude.
$C: >masterminds who are colluding with a foreign government and evading the entire intelligence community
>fucking retards hahaha 
Get some meds for that Trump Derangement Syndrome ya flog
$C: And trump definitely isn't my enemy. Trying to secure my borders, trying to stop us from owing china so much money that they will have claim and ownership of our nation, stopping isis, rebuilding our roads and transit system, how are those the actions of an enemy?
$C: [deleted]
$C: So if portraying russians as assholes yields money, who is to blame? Hollywood or the american people who pay to watch these movies?
$C: In an essay for Time published Friday, called “Russian DNC Narrative Played Out Exactly As They Hoped,” the Democratic strategist said she had in fact passed on topics, despite saying she had not when her communications with the campaign were leaked by WikiLeaks in October.

“[I]n October, a subsequent release of emails revealed that among the many things I did in my role as a Democratic operative and D.N.C. Vice Chair prior to assuming the interim D.N.C. Chair position was to share potential town hall topics with the Clinton campaign,” she wrote.

In October, emails from Clinton campaign Chair John Podesta's account were released by WikiLeaks showing that Brazile – then a CNN contributor – had forwarded questions ahead of a March primary debate.

In one email, Brazile told Clinton Communications Director Jennifer Palmieri, “One of the questions directed to HRC tomorrow is from a woman with a rash,” the night before a March 6 CNN primary debate in Flint, Michigan.

“Her family has lead poison and she will ask what, if anything, will Hillary do as president to help the ppl of Flint,” Brazile wrote.

The following night, Clinton and primary rival Sen. Bernie Sanders, D-Vt. were asked questions about the lead poisoning in Flint, although that exact question was not asked.

In another email, dated Mar. 12, she passed on to Palmieri a question on the death penalty set to be asked in a Mar. 13 town hall and said: “From time to time I get the questions in advance.” After Palmieri responded, Brazile wrote back: “I’ll send a few more.”

$C: That’s it guys. I’m officially convinced. Where’s my ceremonial pussy hat and what gender am I going to be assigned?

You guys are all insane. Bunch of followers with no free will to find facts on their own. You people are hopeless.
$C: And you accuse me of being the troll. Lmao good day to you. Can’t wait to see the liberal heads explode when this is over. 
$C: Right, because 4+day old threads don't ever become incredibly active again, for short periods. ESPECIALLY not ones with such polarizing subject matter like ones involving politics in the US. 

I mean, you replied, right? You can genuinely believe you're the only one to scroll through this specific thread. 
$C: Actually, for me, that was the part that sealed the deal for legitimacy. Again, that EXACT phrase has been spouted so many times by those who share these sentiments with full seriousness that I figure it was another one of them. 

I will give you kudos, because after the fact of explanation, I laughed pretty hard at it. 
$C: No problem. 
$C: Electric Vehicle (BEV == pure battery, PHEV == plugin hybrid in case you see those around too...).
$C: Electric Vehicles
$C: Most criticisms of EV tech are idiotic.  I mean ya there are large families or contractors or whatever who need cargo space but for the vast majority of people going A-B just themselves in car which is the over whelming majority of all trips in consumer non commercial vehicles ............ (dot dot dot dot dot dot dot) an EV will more than do fine.


$C: The original argument was that you shouldn't buy an electric car **just** to help the environment. You should only buy an EV **instead** of an ICE car when you need to buy a car anyway. 


Driving your current  ICE car until it breaks is by far the best way to help the environment. Unless it is a hummer (H1) or something maybe.

That argument is too nuanced for some people though so they just go "har har EV vehicles are bad for the environment too"
$C: Everybody lies.
$C: But seat belts laws / car manufacturer don't consider which situations merit when wearing a seat belt is necessary and strap you in. Plus what Facebook's programers and their algorithms thinks is fact may be totally different than what a different site/ algorithms is. A seat belt law blankets just like current types unprotected speech are seemed not protected. We can't incite violence or defame but laws should restrict the content of speech. 

Speech is just too important and too nuanced in my opinion.
$C: The whole issue here is who decides what a "fact" is. I'm not comfortable with letting anyone decide what is or isn't true.

The only reasonable solution to this is education rather than curator-ship. With the caveat that the education is aimed at developing critical thinking and rationality.
$C: The argument is simple but the answer is not. It is not fair to expect me to show you a ready solution so instead I described by what means we arrive at one.

No one denies that there is a difference in complexity and difficulty between auto mobile deaths and the current problem with disinformation or whatever else, but that is not relevant to how we should approach solving them (trial and error and research). The complexity of the issue does not invalidate the analogy, it only says that one problem is more difficult than the other. 

With time and effort we should end up in a better spot in the future, that's all the analogy says. My point was only to say that I thought you misunderstood the point of the analogy, not that the core of your argument was mistaken. I'm taking issue with your conclusion (as per the analogy) not your arguments per se (likely why you thought I was talking about something else).
$C: /r/all 

$C: It's just an opinion, I truly don't know how one would verify this. 
You said you didn't give a shit one way or the other but you chose a misogynistic, ableist, governmental neophyte over an accomplished Secretary of State? 
Waiting for "but her emails" comment in 3, 2, 1....

Edited to add: conspiracy driving, bad business man, narcissistic predator. 
$C: M'kay
$C: There actually more #NAZIGOLD being given to Reddit post than even in Switzerland . Sorry for the confusion
$C: Sadly, this doesn't come free - this would set a new standard, a standard meaning the people don't vote for the president - but with big enough majority, congress choosing the president via impeachment. If this trend becomes the social norm, the effects would be unpredictable and lead to even more swingy political atmosphere.

Missusing the tools written in law, for something they are not meant for, will harm everyone in the long run. No matter which side did it, your favourite or the other. Setting a trend like this would backfire 100%, and you would probably find your favourite president impeached as soon as enough opposing representatives get seats. This would spell horror to the internal powerchecks between president, house of representatives and supreme court.
$C: Wait sense 1980 Repubs have been working against the people. Reagan in 1984 got every state except his opponent's home state.
$C: I didn't say this because I supported Pence - I said it for fear of this becoming the norm. If impeachment happens for no big reason, it will happen every, single, time the party opposing the president gets a shot at it. Right now it's hold up by mutual agreement that impeachment is for serious missdeeds, a emergency brake, and that the people would rase a havoc for light use of said brake.

But if we lose this status quo, if we unwrap this new weapon, it will open for both parties - and that would spell horror to the internal balance checks in the system. At best this would lead to very unstable political system, where congress basically chooses the presidents actions, or at worst, permanently lock the other party to opposition, by abusing their owerwhelming control over all levels of the federal government.

Impeachment is serious business, and should not be used lightly. It should totally be used in cases of clear violations and crimes, or serious missdeeds that hinder USAs best interest greatly. But it wasn't designed with two parties in mind, and in two party system, only thing keeping the parties from abusing it is mutual agreement
$C: What are you basing that on?
$C: Sarah Palin is far worse
$C: [deleted]
$C: Not at the national level, nope.
$C: No, in that case, impeachment was used as a political tool. It was wrong.

Do note, Trump is doing the same thing, literally. Republicans laid silent on the matter.

When Clinton was impeached, a political taboo was breached... impeachment was used as a political tool.

A similar thing happened in ancient Rome, when Tiberius Gracchi was killed as he served as tribune, back then it was worse, killing a tribune was not only a crime but a sacrilege. When it was broken, hell broke loose.
$C: Maybe you should read up on the case. He didn't get impeached because he got his cigar wet.
$C: I don't need to read what other people think about Reddit to form my opinion on it. You know why? Because I use it everyday, I have my own opinion on it already and also because I'm not looking for an excuse to hate on something. I refuse to participate on "we love to hate" bandwagons on Reddit. I don't care if you participate, that's up to you and I'm not gonna try to convince you not to, I'll simply not participate.
  
I didn't even ask but you decided to tell me why Reddit sucks. Except you couldn't even explain it in your own words. You had to link to a popular thread where other people are saying their opinions. *"See, it's not just me, the cool kids are hating it too".*
  
 I did ask you to name a better Reddit alternative and convince me on why it's better and you couldn't. So you see how hypocritical it is to criticize the people who are supporting the website we are willingly using everyday?
$C: The vandalism here is really bad.
$C: You won an award for most untidy Park in the country
$C: So how come everyone is using sweatshop labour?
$C: Of course I do. The same number as traded on the FTSE, Hang Seng etc. Multinational corporations don't have one market ... the clue is in that description. Doesn't mean that they are necessarily dominant purely because of a presence on NYSE.

Challenge accepted but I question your use of market capitalisation if you're talking profitable? Surely you would want to use actual profit? In which case you should look at this list

https://victormatara.com/top-100-most-profitable-companies-in-the-world-2018/

I am not questioning the fact that many of the worlds most profitable companies are in the US. It's just not as globally dominating as it used to be

It's too easy to wave the flag when you are fed data from your home sources but facts have an irritating way of interfering with your feel-good vibe
$C: Least I can do. We can't have a civilized debate if people just drown the arguments they don't want to hear, or disagree with. Take care.
$C: May I ask how?
$C: It's in a workers best interest to avail themselves of the court in situations concerning a power disparity and unethical behavior.  That's why it's there.  And yeah, if you're a selfish shithead, you should get your nose rubbed in your mess.  

It's really really easy to avoid a lawsuit.  
$C: And I you. No worries :)
$C: Oh, we do. But we can't. Feel free to try and prove me wrong, I desperately hope I am. But biology, psychology and history all say otherwise. 
$C: Well I already have nervous and anxious relationships with any authority figure because of my abusive dad. So you can bet your ass that fucked up something in my brain. Whenever a teacher gets angry and starts screaming, even if it's not at me specifically, I start to break down.

If you wanna talk about breaking my trust with the school in general, that's when I tried to tell my school counselor in high school that someone I knew was in a relationship with a pedophile (she was 15, the pedophile was 26/27). He thought I was making it up to get her in trouble and flat-out called me a rapist because of some false accusations being spread around the school. That broke me and I couldn't trust the school at all after that point.
$C: 2 times ever in 30 years. That’s a real consistent pattern, you’re right! Good job, smart guy!
$C: I didn’t need some idiots lesson to show up on time. But then again I’m german so i guess that’s an unfair advantage ;-)

Also I think you misspoke and meant to say shouldn’t. 

The whole point of this discussion is that Americans should stand up to their current government. You can’t let that shit slide. 


$C: It’s ok.  I live in a democracy. 
$C: >I just think that given how they seem to throw values Americans have strived for in the past that have shaped America's image

What values? We used to be a slave owning society with presidents who regularly referred to black people as inferior. We had almost exclusively European immigrants, with founding fathers expressing that it was imperative that the United States remain white. Many of the supporters of the Civil War wanted to stop slavery not because they cared about the slaves, but because they saw what happened in Haiti and saw race mixing in Brazil and wanted to stop the Atlantic slave trade to keep the Africans out of America. There were also major support for copying what the Arab Slave Trade did, and cutting off the balls of all full, half, and possibly even quarter black men to prevent them from reproducing.

We threw Japanese immigrants into internment camps. We had presidents talking shit about Jews. We joked even right into the 90's about hunting Indians (as if they were animals)... remember Disney's Peter Pan, Simon asks if they should hunt lions, tigers, or indians.

We went to Japan and forced them to open up their boarders. We constantly conquered previously occupied lands to secure new territory until our country spanned from sea to shining sea.

At Ellis Island we forced immigrants to take IQ tests, and physical health tests and if they could not pass we sent them back home. We demanded that immigrants learn English, and we had no social services for those who could not succeed.

In fact, many immigrants in the 1800's LEFT America because it was too tough to survive. It really was a frontier country for several centuries.

So what American values are you talking about?

What social services were in place to protect immigrants prior to the 1960's? What pro-African immigration stances do you think were popular in just about any of American History? What pro-Mexican immigration stances do you think were popular in just about any time in American history? What favorable stances towards Non-Christians do you think were popular in just about any time in American history?
$C: I pity people that take pride on whatever random patch of earth they were born on. National pride = mentally inferior. Might as well be proud of the random bird shit on your window.
$C: Well, I didn't jump the that conclusion but this is the internet and other people may read that comment. Also, I'm totally ok with being on as many lists as possible. We are keeping the militia I'm working on starting a secret ;). I can honestly say that bit I didn't intend for you directly.

It's also nearly 5:30 am where I am and I've been awake for way to long. I agree my initial comment was confusing and hopefully I did any sort of justice clarifying myself. I did actually mess up writing it. I will edit in the afternoon.

 I'd love to talk more if you want to PM me. But I won't respond until later today. 3rd shift problems I suppose. 
$C: Good thing that's not what anyone argued, then.
$C: Yeah I get it, but that this point it feels like throwing pebbles at an incoming  tidal wave. It's been 2 years of GOP congressmen watching a Manchurian candidate peel back the layers of our democracy while giddley doing nothing about it,  making a phone call feels useless.  We need to switch gears.  Time to hit the fucking streets.  
$C: How does it logically follow from "The US Government has interfered in foreign politics in multiple ways" to "The American people should not strongly resist foreign interference in our own social and infrastructural systems"?
It is our duty as citizens to protect our democracy. If we give up on that, we do not deserve to live in a democracy. 

As far as NATO goes, it is a defensive treaty that has only been invoked once - by the USA after 9/11 - and NATO members have thus literally shed the blood of their own people on America's behalf. Our allies in Europe have always contributed to their own defense, as well as contributing land and resources for military bases that supply America with unmatched strategic advantages which contribute to our global negotiating power.

America owes its unparalleled wealth to the power ceded to us by our global partners. 

Russia is vastly stronger than, say, a tiny country like Montenegro, but compared to America they are pathetically weak, having a GDP lower than that of Italy. They are not our friend, and we do not need their friendship to maintain our own security. We simply need their respect, if not plain old fear.

Every time ambitious Russian tyrants like Putin are given the impression that America would allow them to put their feet on other countries with few repercussions, we increase the chances of war. President Eisenhower understood the reality of this well enough that he made it clear we were willing to go nuclear on Russia if they followed through on their plans to invade Yugoslavia, which wasn't even our ally at the time. 
$C: Your intelligence... So sad! 
$C: The USA’s moral card is neither here nor there, and we were not discussing it, but since you want to bring it into the discussion I’ll respond.

You acknowledge seemingly via the US’s interference in other countries that interference is wrong. So logically it should follow that interference in US elections is also wrong. Being able to enact crimes upon those who have committed the same crimes is not justice in any sense of the word. If you truly stand against it you would condemn both actions, not cherry pick the ones that suit your argument.

Secondly, I’d like to summarize your position.
-You believe Russia has influence our election, but that’s okay because they did the same thing the left media does to conservatives (expose crimes, and scandal). You also believe it’s okay because we have done it to other nations (its worth noting the US has only once destabilized a Democratic government, and all acts of destabilization are not approved by the American people), a logical fallacy. (The equivalent of saying, “well he punched first so I get to punch back”,  both are now in the wrong)
-You believe despite the fact that the US is the only nation to call upon NATO we deserve to pay less, and should sully relations with countries we have extreme historical ties to.
-You believe it is more important to cozy up to the nation that hacked our election, murders journalists that oppose its leader, supports North Korea, actively cyber attacks our infrastructure, and disrespects our nation, than to cozy up to the EU, Canada, China, Mexico, or Japan. Despite everything they have done to us you still want a positive relationship with Russia. How about you go there you anti-American communist. Are you kidding me? That is the weakest most pathetic thing any one has ever said claiming to be a patriot that we should just lay down and take beatings from Russia. The US should support fellow democracies and impose punishments upon nations that subvert our interests and threaten our security. 

How you’ve proposed we handle Russia is weak, pathetic, un-American, laughable, and infuriating.
Good day 
$C: Interesting point. Not relevant to me personally.

I'd counter with, if you use history as a guide, it's fairly likely for intelligence agencies to push bullshit until a war is forced out of it.

So, it's probably 50/50 you die for a cause or a lie one way or another.
$C: As much fun as that sounds I think everyone is forgetting the nearly 100 years of chaos and dictatorships that followed.
$C: Let them eat cake, I guess?
$C: Rennes > Massy en TGV, samedi 10h par exemple. En OuiGo. Ça marche bien, c'est aussi rapide qu'un TGV normal (juste un arrêt au Mans) mais voilà, le billet aller-retour coûte moins que le menu midi sur place, c'est assez sympa comme délire à faire une fois. 
$C: Yeah, ~100€ is the normal price but they also have the OUIGO tickets that are dirt cheap because they're basically saying "hey, listen, we have to ferry this train back from where it is to where it's needed, and it's 11am so we know you probably dont *need* to take the train at that time, but in case you're okay to take our train at an inconvenient time, you can hop in for 10€". Obviously, those trains are in the middle of the morning or afternoon, not when everyone takes the train to work or whatever.
$C: BART in the 2nd wealthiest region of the US has homeless people dying in its passageways, daily. The problems in the US, many caused by anti-socialist greed, are so deeply widespread, rail fares are beside the point.
$C: I would like to ask you for a confirmation of that 10 times more number. Just above one guy claimed that French trains are 2-3 times cheaper than in other countries, and when I checked, English trains are actually CHEAPER than TGV.
$C: In what world does paying (much, much) more results in a BETTER service?

Sincerely, from southeast England.
$C: Actually after reading your comment I went to [oui.sncf](https://oui.sncf) and looked for TGV from Paris to Marseille for this weekend and the cheapest round trip I found is at 162 euro. Then I went to [www.thetrainline.com](https://www.thetrainline.com) and looked for a London - Edinburgh train also for this weekend, and the cheapest is at 102 pounds. So SNCF actually charges MORE than the English train for an inferior service.
$C: > but when?

Now
$C: That just because you like or dislike something does not mean it's the same for enough people.
$C: I think you replied to the wrong person. However funnily enough I was in the army. There were lads who used to take part in the riots in Northern Ireland fighting against their own mates!
$C: Well for one, I don’t presume that I have all the answers, or that what comes next is guaranteed to be better. 
The reality we face is that what we have now doesn’t work... eventually this too shall crumble. I only seek to ensure that its flailing will not be prolonged through my endorsement.  
$C: Oh we don’t know anything here either. The closest I know of is Kanye and/or Oprah may be running in 2020. I’ll kindly move out if America becomes the celebrity country.
$C: Leaders can be anywhere.  Leadership can take many forms.
$C: I always wonder what exactly did the Republicans have going for them besides the second amendment, everything they do hurts the little guys, while helping the big corporations. I'm pretty sure most people vote republican just to spite the liberals 
$C: > slaves had better rights than workers now

Uhm.... No you are confused
$C: Well to be honest, as an employer I find the rights a little more than basic at times lol 

But yes it's crazy to think someone can be fired on a whim because they came in late once or something. 
$C: Yeah I'm not sure "yous"  add up. I don't gladly send soldiers to die in fake Wars. I don't support or condone terrorist act. I don't support killing innocents on any side of an issue.

 I do commit myself to resolving internal issues in my country. I will not willingly put myself in unreasonable harm's way because I'm a single parent of three small children and they'd be fucked if I disappeared, plus I value my own life and I think it's legit to do so. But I will spend my time and energy and money on helping to resolve these grave issues that are going on in my country right now.
$C: How do you know people aren't doing things? I personally know a lot of people who are doing things. Running for office, helping others with their campaigns, engaging with others on a personal level, giving money to good causes.
$C: So plan ahead. By more canned food than you normally do. I notice you post on Breath of the Wild and DestinyTheGame subreddits so I assume you have game consoles of some sort - Whatever the next big game is you want - Don't buy it. Save the money for something else.
$C: It took you all of 10 minutes to check all of those links and reflect deeply and seriously on the realities of Chinese and Romanian workers in 1989 and what consequences protesting had for them, reflect deeply on the many revolutions since the 80s across the entire globe, and have deep understanding of how South Koreans did their sustained protests.... bravo. With that sort of superhuman mind power you should be able to get a much better job one would think.  
$C: Lol judging by your post history it looks like you have plenty of free time on your hands. Stop making excuses.
$C: You only need paralyse major population centres. Organise major nation-wide protests in numerous cities.

If you can primarily target those in states with republicans in charge, all the better.
$C: Thank you
$C: On the other hand, the weapons the US government has at its disposal today are far more efficient and lethal.
$C: There is zero forethought for the ziolence path. Things won't simply change because of violence. If it gets to the point where you have an actual hierarchy to orchestrate violence, you will be labeled as a terrorist cell. When you say violence, are you just saying to break stuff and hurt people til things change, or complete revolution? 
$C: I guess people like you are why i stopped supporting BLM
$C: Your president does have too much power, though. Regardless of who that president is, one person should not be able to decide just about everything. Presidents who do that are generally called dictators, and the only difference is for how long the US has each individual dictator in charge.
$C: I don't think that's why they Reddit was taken down:

We will ban subreddits that allow their communities to use the subreddit as a platform to harass individuals when moderators don’t take action. We’re banning behavior, not ideas.

I sometimes scroll around the Donald for fun. The people there are truly idiots in my perspective. But they will think the same of me.   People are allowed to have ideas, I'm that ignorant to be sure that my ideas are right. So I think it's very dangerous to ban people based on ideas.
$C: I was just quoting Reddit. I don't have any opinion about this. In essence I don't think they should be censored.
$C: Why wouldn't they? Because people don't agree with it. Let's not start a thought police on Reddit please. This is a place where people come together. No matter how weird or quirky they are.
$C: I'm not going to say you're wrong. The_Donald is definitely a cesspool, but i always believe that they are restrained by the rules of Reddit. They may lose their bounds at points, but they are always forced to remove and moderate their posts. It is their right to express themselves, even if they do express some awful things. 
I do not believe one shark in a fantastic ocean is a reason to drain an ocean, or even cull the shark. 
$C: I agree i would rather have the democrats but in the grand scheme of things both parties are hurting this country
$C: Exactly what is a moderate in the current climate?  A person who's ok with *some* kids being separated from their parents at the border?  Someone that's ok with a little light treason for Russia?
$C: Cause being a moderate gets you nowhere
$C: Actually, another GOPer got removed from an admin position in kansas for promoting democrats also. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: You captured my argument well and said what i couldn't articulate. Thanks...u/GenericOnlineName.

Cool username btw!
$C: Oh, no no. I'm just saying it might not be the best idea to vote far left as opposed to third party or center-left. It might just bring this issue full circle again.

Please, no more republicans anymore. They've scarred me.
$C: Constitutional amendments can be proposed by Congress or if 2/3 of state legislatures call for a convention. Congress would likely be forced to propose the amendment if there was enough of a populist movement toward calling for a convention.
$C: It's still a great place to visit. Most people are friendly, especially outside the major cities. Our national parks are special.
$C: [deleted]
$C: You just made up a whole bunch of shit.
$C: I’m not a “they’re” chief. I’ve been watching the degradation of the American Political system for my entire life. Check out Yuri Bezmenov’s lectures from the 80’s. It’s like a fucking check list of the past decade of American problem. Both parties have been infiltrated, and both extremes are dancing to Russia’s tune. The only way to fix this is if enough people get woke, look in the mirror and identify how they’ve been played, and drop he identity politics. In the 70’s Russia set out to warp the kinds of an entire generation of Americans who can look directly at a fact and not be able to determine what is reality.

Sound familiar?
$C: I’d suggest there are severe threats to both free and equal on the board right now. 

We imprison our own citizens at a massively higher rate than any other country. 

Income and wealth inequality are at unsustainable levels, growing, and growing at an increasing pace. 

And we have an election system that recognizes piles of money as equivalent to free speech. 

Sure. We haven’t collapsed yet.  But very real action needs to be taken soon if we want to keep the free and equal title.  

We have a large portion of our society who have shown themselves to be adoring of authoritarianism, a president with no attachment to the truth and a uncontrollable ego, and acceptance of policies and rhetoric of extreme nationalism, bigotry, and hate.  

We are only one election where he refuses to step down and declares martial law to protect us from “terrorists” away from complete civil war.  

Don’t think it can’t happen.  We cannot ignore history.  This is how fascism takes hold. 


$C: That's why it's the "brink of fascism". Not quite fascism yet, but the set up is there.
$C: Yeah, it's free and equal if you're an upper middle class or rich white person. Try asking the families who have been torn apart by deportation and killed by police if they live a free and equal life. 

Never mind the fact that we have child detention camps. 
$C: >Russia snagging it was a predictable reaction to the western junta coup de etat in Kiev

I had to do some research about the Kiev coup because I didn't know what it was, that's a fair argument.

The magnitsky scandal was (and still is) entirely our business because it involved Bob Browder, an anti-corruption lawyer who originally was born in Chicago. He was attempting to reveal the corruption that exists in the Russian government. Sergie Magnitsky was his partner who was caught, and was put in detention and tortured for almost a year before he finally was beaten to death. So when Bob's testimony was heard, we froze $230 million of stolen Russian assets. This Could very well be the reason why they interfered in our election in the first place.

Source: https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.theatlantic.com/amp/article/534864/

As for the last part, perhaps they are forming revolution because they know how corrupt the government is, and how Putin is basically an authoritarian at this point? And the state doesn't take credit for what happens to those journalists and politicians, in fact they deny involvement. Even so, the fact that anybody who speaks against the Russian government and brings too much attention to themselves winds up dead, that is authoritarianism.

Edit: Not to even mention the fact that they've assasinated people on British soil with nerve agent, and *actually were* the ones responsible for bringing down that plane from malaysia airlines.

Edit2: Here is a source that should help you understand why people believe the Republican party is compromised. Scott walker was not the only Republican that Maria Butina met with.  https://m.washingtontimes.com/news/2018/jul/16/maria-butina-says-she-met-scott-walker-attended-pr/

$C: [deleted]
$C: I think we read different history books 
$C: I’m okay with bicameral. I hate flat representation in the Senate though. It’s an ongoing travesty that the unpopulated rural minority of states gets to lord over the population centers.

The Senate being flat, at-large apportioned by state made sense in the 1700s. It was made to ensure that populations were not enormously underrepresented. At the time, issues were very state/region based. Slavery, agriculture, trade, taxation. It was important to protect small states from getting eclipsed by large states.

Now, this issue split is urban/rural instead of state/region based, but the Senate is still at-large by state. The effect has been radical overrepresentation of conservatives in the Senate, because cities are overwhelmingly liberal and rural areas are overwhelmingly conservative. Meanwhile, the population trends are shifting ever more people to a few dense coastal urban cores.

The structure of the Senate is now, rather than protecting a section of the population from getting drowned out, actively drowning out the majority of the population.

Urbanites around the country are fairly uniform in their ideals, their state doesn’t matter same with rural residents. The Senate represents the wrong demographic variable and is suffocating democracy in a manner that will only cause more unrest over time.

According to this WaPo article, in 20 years 50% of the US population will live in the 8 most populous states. 50% of the National population will be represented by only 16 senators. This is an outrage.

https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/politics/wp/2018/07/12/in-about-20-years-half-the-population-will-live-in-eight-states/

And it leads to bogus power balance issues. Like when the US had slavery, they always had to create a new slave state and free state simultaneously to maintain Senate balance. Or now, they drag their feet admitting Puerto Rico as a state because it’d affect the Senate.

Decisions of statehood should be based on merit, not on political swing calculations. Killing the flat senate apportionment would fix that.  
$C: My point is simply that a big reason the Tea Party was able to do that was because they had the financial and political backing/capital to get to that position in the first place. It’s not as simple as a handful of randos someone being able to take over an entire political party by pure force of will. The DSA has grown shockingly fast but is still relatively small in the grand scheme of things and most chapters are functionally isolated from each other, and most importantly they don’t have billionaires backing them the same way that the bigger Tea Party voices did/does (and they shouldn’t, as it would be completely antithetical to their beliefs and goals, but it does make it significantly harder). 

Like look at Alexandria Ocario-Cortez. She won the primary but now Joe Crowley is still going to run as a third party and has had multiple big names support him. Can you fathom the organized backlash from the establishment Dems if the tables were turned and she was the one surprisingly pushed out by a moderate but tried to stay in any way? As much as the core, more centrist Dems love to preach the whole “no in-fighting” bullshit, they’re complete hypocrites and will absolutely throw a monstrous fit if they don’t get their way. And most importantly they can get often away with it, because people like AOC often don’t have the independent resources or connections to effectively combat it. Compare that to the GOP and someone like Ted Cruz who, despite being a universally loathed swamp monster, can nonetheless rise through the ranks super quickly largely because he knows the right people and has the right connections. The contrast seems astronomical in that regard
$C: That's weird. I fucking love Perkins. But admittedly I haven't been in like twenty years. 
$C: [removed]
$C: Generalizations are helpful when discussing cultural patterns.

Americans do have this weird way of stifling political and social proactiveness. We kind of tend to frame any sort of political engagement/activism besides the bare minimum as frivolous, selfish, childish, and undesirable. We say "suck it up", "you're not special", "bleeding heart", "special snowflake", "sjw" "virtue signaling", "value shaming"; whereas it's kind of trendy to identify oneself as apathetic.

If you do actually advocate for responsible and reasonable activism, people will often accuse you of moral superiority. Just try telling people to change where they buy their sandwich. 

It's so weird that we are so obsessed with individualism, but then can't translate that to valueing the collective power of individuals working together as a whole towards a cause. Even the bare minimum, voting, is seen with a lot of apathy. People don't think it matters how they vote. Or they don't engage enough to know how to vote in support of their own values.

Maybe we have too much faith in our system? I don't know. 
$C: And where did I say that they're not allowed to? They don't WANT to. Liberals are even trying to BAN guns because guns are apparently evil. And that's fine, **but** you can't be anti-gun for decades and suddenly say "oh guns aren't so bad after all", just because there now happens to be a president you don't like and you've realized that you need guns to overthrow him. It doesn't work like that.
$C: Don't forget that Vietnam, Iraq, and Afghanistan were utterly destroyed in the process. 
$C: The police have any legal firearm owner heavily out-gunned.




$C: Thanks, you put what I was trying to say into a much better format!
$C: That's why strikes require solidarity, and solidarity often needs unions- which have largely been decimated in the US. Employers can fire one or two employees, but they can't fire all of them.
$C: There were protests with a million. The woman's March. Nothing seems to have happened following that. A pedophile ran for Senate. A sexual assualter still rules the country. Abortion rights, women's rights are in peril due to the upcoming confirmation of a wildly inexperienced right wing nut job "judge".  The Republicans simply don't care for protests. Passive Harrasment has seen a bit of success but you can hardly call that anything. Violence has never been an option because the people don't really stand a chance and it's simply too impractical and won't achieve anything. Other than fomenting on social media, people have no power here. Corporate interests and politician work with each other they don't work for the people's well being
$C: Come on. Kent State was *literally* forty eight years ago.

Shit changes.

We have military commanders on record fighting for gay rights, to protect transgender soldiers. Protecting civilians. Military commanders cracked down hard on some soldiers waving a Trump banner.

To think 'We're going to get shot for mass protests' has no evidence.
$C: It does, everything about the government in power is quintessentially un-American. Hillary Clinton achieved a million more votes yet Trump won. The Trump administration has shown all the pitfalls and lack of power the average American has. There's been various nationwide marches for women's rights, science, Healthcare, and more.

Republican politicians don't care because they are spineless, bloodsucking traitors who see helping Trump's criminal conspiracy more important than watching the United States crumble around them.

There's many things wrong in this country, and I don't know what it'll take to fix them. 
$C: That wont happen unless we no longer have access to food or jobs 

Comfortable misery, my friend.
$C: Shooting up D.C. will do nothing.

Also Americans cannot walk into a store and buy guns freely. 
$C: Oh I know.

But I was.

It's unfortunate and to be avoided if possible..... However the second amendment is clear about what we do when democracy fails.

A lot tests on Mueller and what results come from him.

Question, what happens with supreme Court judges put in by a president that is later impeached? Assumedly nothing for just impeachment.

 Treason? What then? Is there any precedent at all? 
$C: "Be realistic. Ask the impossible." May be my favorite slogan from that whole thing. 

Important things I noticed as an American reading through this:

This movement started with students at University. Our younger people have the youth and passion, as well as somewhat less responsibility, to make this happen. If we can get the younger crowd really fired up and pissed off and organized we may be able to get a movement with enough momentum behind it to ripple into the rest of the economy. 

As it stands now there is a lot of anger and desire to "do something" but no real leadership or direction. We've had a few decent sized protests for specific issues, but nothing really big. But if we want the GOP to take notice we're going to have to speak louder. So far we've been nothing but a minor annoyance, if we've been that. 

We're going to have to find a way to get people to care more about our democracy than they care about Netflix (oversimplification I know. There are lots of economic and social factors invovled here). As someone above pointed out, people are still afraid that no matter how much noise we make the GOP will just continue to ignore it. And then they will have fucked up the rest of their lives in terms of even greater debt, missed bills, and a hundred other fears and concerns. This fear that the revolution will fail is what I think is keeping a lot of people in check at the moment. Which is why things like sustained, coordinated strikes could work. If the economy gets shut down then they cannot ignore us. I know people on the Left love to rail about this, but we won the popular vote in 2016, the president's approval rating is at like 37% last time I checked. The point being is that we are the majority. If we'd just get together and make this happen, we could bring about change not just for us but for all those who follow behind us.
$C: What happened in France 50 years ago won't work in America now. Is that really so hard to understand?

Downvote me all you want, it doesn't make me any less right. 
$C: Well, for one, the electoral college. It literally erased the vote of 2.97 million people. That is abhorrent. If removing the college meant burning down an empty building I'd donate a gas can. 
$C: I'm just looking out for you fam. Get your country together or don't. I really don't care do u?
$C: It means you're on the internet calling someone you don't know out of touch instead of doing something more effective with your time
$C: We have gotten the Republicans to change via pressure.
$C: > Bitch, that’s not how it works.

But the Government has made the general public believe that's how it works, essentially crippling their opposition.
$C: Blocking roads in such a way ambulances are stalled out is immoral.
$C: Actually, the fact that they had it harder made it easier to take drastic action. People with less to lose and more to gain are much more likely to put themselves on the line for a cause. That's frequently why protests and demonstrations are much more violent in poor countries. 
$C: Hmm don’t know when I said black people in the 50s and 60s had it easier? I just said the culture and economy has changed. So the protesting tactics aren’t going to work the same.
$C: That is an awful thing to say.
$C: Because you don't seem to understand that people can and will be fired for not showing up to work.
$C: Liberals protest to signal their virtue. They aren't trying to change shit. Because there really isn't much to protest. Just fantasy stories that are spammed on reddit.
$C: > "hawkish" is acceptable in men but not in women, apparently. Would you call any wartime president "hawkish" as a pejorative?

No, and your harping on "women! women! women!" is tiresome.  Margaret Thatcher was a woman, there are plenty of legitimate ways to object to her politics.  In the Obama vs. McCain election, one wanted to get out of Iraq, the other wanted to stay in Iraq forever.  So I voted for Obama.  It was a very easy one issue election for me.  McCain was kind of a case, the hawk of hawks.  I have no doubt that Clinton is more hawkish than Obama.  It has nothing to do with her being a woman, or any of this "wartime President" nonsense.  The USA is in an almost perpetual state of war, it can't be used as a metric or an excuse.

I haven't looked into the legalities of impeachment.  If it's really as you say, that it's just a popularity contest by other means, then I'll wait for *Congress* to go forwards with it.  Armchair people whine about impeachment all the freaking time.  It's boring!

$C: I don't understand where you're taking this conversation, this isn't what we were even talking about. When did talking about a single person have anything to do with this.

I'm not American, I'm a Ukrainian that goes to school here. You sound unstable making assumptions and attacking strangers.
$C: Alt Right will become the Republican Party. 
Republican Party will become the Democratic Party. 
Democratic Party will become the minority socialist party. 

http://boards.4chan.org/pol/thread/179383773

Look at what your party has become. Pitiful. 
$C: There's an election going on in Country X

Candidate A wants to declare war on Country Y

Candidate B doesn't want to do that

People from Country Y buy Facebook ads that support Candidate B

Candidate B wins and doesn't declare war on Country Y

Who was in the wrong here?
$C: No, the situation sucks. The logic is sound.

Democratic philosophy assumes the minority will recognise the powers exercised by a successful candidate.

You might disagree with the actions of a government, but if you facilitate those actions, you are implicated. If you pay taxes, you are a facilitator. You contribute by providing the resources the government needs to act. Arguably the mere recognition of democratic process makes you a facilitator.

Of course Democracy leaves you with an impossible choice... you either support the majority decision or you risk forfeiting your liberty.
$C: My roommate had to go to some very red states for work, and he said they caught common ground that climate change *is* happening, but said they don't see how humans are the cause...
$C: Ohh the gold advertisement? Ha, they’ve been at that for 10 yrs straight(syndicated radio and cable). The little of Fox I followed and Glenn beck program through 2012– it was every damn episode.

“A COMING COLLAPSE” “6month emergency supply” All that gibberish. I googled it one day as I was entering h.s back then (still new to fact checking), realized what total horse crap it was. Stopped watching fox altogether. Bill o reily and beck I liked for a while but after realizing it was this thing called propaganda, I stopped. They were my conservative voices I could tolerate per se 
$C: I swear all AM news radio is funded by gold and viagra advertising
$C: Bro Fox News used to run stories that Obama might literally be the anti christ or a devil worshiping Muslim (like that even remotely adds up) 
$C: I'm pretty sure that is how you get brain cancer.
$C: Info wars?
$C: >all financial instruments except cash will be worthless soon

Where in fuck does this make sense?
$C: Coming as an American, everything about the US right now seems lackluster.
$C: I was/am overall as Obama supporter but I don't support his drone program. I don't think it's comparable to the shit Trump is pulling.
$C: Lots of Obama supporters hated that. And the increase of the spying and surveillance programs on American citizens. But Republicans hated him so much that it kind of forced you to defend him. They wouldn't even argue about those things because those were programs started by George Bush. He'll never be my favorite President because of what happened to Snowden under him, but he's also way better than the people before and after him.
$C: Please this "criticism" literally is the first talking point for any mention of Obama. Repeated ad nauseum on this site.  Probably mostly by bots but now picked up by those that want to beat him over the head with one point out of the millions of issues a president faces. 
$C: >My dad was in Rwanda. He’s fucked now. That’s how I feel about Rwanda. And that’s a disingenuous comparison. Just because the USA steps in on some things (super cool) doesn’t mean everything they do internationally is cool. How can you even think that? So thoughtless.

Rwanda's another shameful chapter in American history as well, really. Clinton's administration went out of its way to avoid recognizing it as an ongoing genocide to avoid responsibility to decisively intervene, and actively hindered the UN organizations trying to relieve the situations. Obama's own UN ambassador, Samantha Power, wrote about this extensively.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Can you source the first point? And when did this destabalization start? America doesn't just free weely start wars in countries for happenstance. To my knowledge it has become increasingly harder to do that. There have been humanitarian crisis (yes America can't help everyone) but I will make my point. Syria--a dictator has killed it's citizens nearly half a million. A source I pulled up showed America in 7 current "wars". When Obama due diligently pulled out of Iraq (those he had promised to bring home) the world wide talking point after the fact was that ISIS--A terrorist group filled up a so-called vacuum, and their reign has continued (Bush I would also like to add created a lot of untenable impossible situations). Obama admitted as such--as one he regretted. (Now to you, was this a good or bad decision) I won't bore you with the hypothetical and questions after questions because it'll only become spurious.

I will say this. What happened in Cuba it would be harder in the 21'st century for a bay of pigs or Jimmy carter fiasco in Iran to occur.

You say--last great president is a stupid question. And for the life of me I don't understand how. A starting point respectfully should not be hard to come by, unless you think all the presidents of the past 118 years were garbage. Is that your contention? I also ask this question because I'm looking for the perfect foreign policy that no one seems to have.

Drones were a new tool that bore its existence in 2002-2004 iirc. Suffice to say it will kill more in the future then present.

Furthermore boots on the ground has no political will. You just stated America shouldn't be an "imperialist" nation. I would contend America hasn't been doing much of that in the 21'st century nor during Obama's presidency. The one country I recall has been Libya and Qadaffi.

Malice: "The intention or desire to do evil". Kill Enemies. Do Evil? Kill enemies. Do Evil? Hmmmm, that doesn't cut it for me. Was the revolution or civil war evil? Call out the straw man, you brought it to yourself.

I consider a terrorist : "a person who uses unlawful violence and intimidation, especially against civilians, in the pursuit of political aims." H/T Wiki 

I will just say this because I'm not a history expert, a foreign policy expert (and I don't pretend to be one), nor am I interested in researching all of these contentions at the present moment. I read pretty well follow current events. Obama was not perfect. There. He made plenty of mistakes. As much as I want to defend him am I gonna sit here and say he didn't... no.

As to the contentions of ill-will in his heart that's where I have to take liberties. Obama didn't literally kill anybody (I know I know, you didn't say he did) \[He orders it... la di laa laa\] Hoover Nixon and them boys were corrupt to the core. I'm not switching subjects but I'm trying to create a perspective here of what true evil and malice looks like. There was a time where benefit of the doubt was given to intelligence agencies; however bay of pigs, Jimmy Carter and Iran, the American public got tired of it. For every one of those pictures (and God rest their souls) of kids who tragically died--possibly in a drone strike (yes I know proof exists that many have) but not all, suffice to say it's horrible. And there's no perfect solution as long as Terrorists camp out at these sites in public view. Evil exists. The United States operates in a hegemony and as such must do everything to 1. preserve and protect the constitution of the United states, That sometimes entails killing people who are present or potential dangers to the united states

Still, the fact remains, in the most dangerous time alive( respectively speaking with technology and cyberwarfare) that will only continue. A due deference particularly from myself will be given to the intelligence agencies until I find them to be unreliable. There's so much Americans don't know about the hot wars going on right now that CIA, and intel does. That is a fact. It's not hyperbole, it's not superstition. It is a fact, and should be respected. The overly simplistic worldview that states America just does these things just because... IN THE 21'st century, under Obama, yeah you're gonna have to show me some classifieds. In all hot wars we're in right now dictators have killed civilians, or terrorists have chopped of heads and the like. Those things cannot go unpunished. Obama doesn't say hit kid--die. There's protocol (not to hit kid die, but to operating a drone). These are the finest human beings serving in the military and... yes casualties happen. Civilians die. But in situations were a known terrorist can be eliminated and cell dissolved I'll take it every single time.

Isis has been very successful with it's converts. Attacking France twice in under 2 years and wreaking havoc on the west. It goes without saying, a hand's off approach is unrealistic.
$C: Must be fun having so much imagination.
$C: I don't know what you're saying dude. I was using nuance in my previous post to show that the individual above me was being dense. I strongly disagreed with the individual above.

Seeing as I didn't mention birtherism, I shouldn't be responding to this. But as to your question, it was neither. It was however, racism clear cut and dry racism. 
$C: Exactly. And the same fucking people are all pushing the same sort of hysterical nonsense again, including FOX and the neocons. Look at Cheney’s statements yesterday. David Frum, the guy who came out with the “axis of evil” line for Bush, writes for politico now. 
$C: Works for SHS... gives them a lazy 'out' to dismiss poor media coverage. 
$C: Not that hard to understand different peoples views without getting butthurt. At least that’s my opinion. 
$C: ITT: Trump supporters downvoting anything that could even be perceived as a reasonable argument.
$C: It's not inconceivable that someone has different opinions, but it is inconceivable if they have different facts!
$C: “Its called the basic rule of conversations. Never talk about politics or religion. Its a rule for a reason, because you can never convince the other person and it always leads to one side or even both sides feeling very hurt and/or angry.”

Why do you have to convince someone about your political/religion views? In a car ride home, can’t one learn from another and be pleasant without worrying about convincing that person of themselves?
$C: So every Trump supporter is that way? I must the only one that can have a political discussion without bashing someone for their views.  It’s not that hard to listen to someone’s else’s views and to see where they are coming from. 
$C: I think you’re talking about leftists
$C: Definition: Hacking is an attempt to exploit a computer system or a private network inside a computer. Simply put, it is the unauthorised access to or control over computer network security systems for some illicit purpose.

Spear phishing (sorry spelled it wrong): the fraudulent practice of sending emails ostensibly from a known or trusted sender in order to induce targeted individuals to reveal confidential information.
It’s a well known term and Mueller didn’t make it up.

Users are a weak link in any system. Sending an email telling them someone has been trying to gain access to their account and to click this link to change password etc is a common method of gaining access. Users who click the link get into a fake website that looks very real and give their info. 
The threat is real. US is a soft target because it’s so technologically advanced. Security is a problem everywhere. That doesn’t mean we should let attacks go any more than people get away with burglary just because there was an open window or an unlocked door. Or a bad lock.

The hackers were part of GRU. There are plenty of governments trying to find out what the GRU is up to. I think someone (not necessarily US) was spying on them and therefore could see what they did. 

Both are a problem and democracy every time. (I actually find the concept of social security number being enough to steal an identity crazy). The info the Russians stole on 500.000 voters included social security numbers btw. It’s not an either or situation. 

People are very easily influenced. Unfortunately. Doesn’t make them idiot. Just human. We rely on the information available to us to make decisions. That’s why a foreign government putting their hand on the scale to influence voters is a huge problem. 

The spies won’t be extradited. There are no cases of that I’m aware of. The are however cases where a Russian has been indicted and then arrested while traveling abroad. 

I don’t know much about technology but I’ve listened to people who do know and they all (plus the FBI data experts) seem convinced what they got was an appropriate substitute.
Skepticism is good. I’ve often wondered how we know the emails leaked by the Russians weren’t altered in some way.

The facebook ads were a small portion of what they did. 
$C: That's what I would have thought, but it turns out san Francisco is registering illegals for their school board elections.

My point is that even though i found that difficult to believe, i looked into it and it's true.

My point was trumpsters aren't capable of challenging their beliefs at all. 
$C: I can't tolerate you when you apologize for ignorant folks who wish to harm their fellow citizens over petty disputes instead of unifying on the big ones. 
$C: You know, people like you used to talk about Abolitionists in the same way. Oh, the way the abolitionists talk about the south make the slave-owners look like old ladies. (BTW, that's how you spell ladies.) You are an apologist for the greatest cancer of our time. You tried to make a clever argument to save your ego, because it's easier than facing the facts.

Evil. Mean. Stubborn. Wrong. I will challenge my beliefs. I don't think this of every group I disagree with. Trumpsters are EVIL. MEAN. STUBBORN. WRONG. and soon they will be LOSERS. 

You think we don't listen when you complain. We listen. We have a lot of the same complaints. We've listened to Crowder and Peterson and Shapiro and Milo. We've listened. We've rejected it.

YOU FUCKERS DON'T LISTEN TO US. You don't engage in honest debate. You exaggerate. You build strawmen. 

You're just wrong. Stubborn like flat earthers. But the difference between them and you, is that flat earthers don't put infants in cages.
$C: >I see no facts in your comment

I literally quoted the fucking email. Can you not read?

Fine. Here it is for you to read yourself.

https://www.nytimes.com/2017/07/11/us/politics/trump-russia-email-clinton.html

>The documents “would incriminate Hillary and her dealings with Russia and would be very useful to your father,” read the email, written by a trusted intermediary, who added, “This is obviously very high level and sensitive information but **is part of Russia and its government’s support for Mr. Trump**.”

>If the future president’s eldest son was surprised or disturbed by the provenance of the promised material — or the notion that it was part of a continuing effort by the Russian government to aid his father’s campaign — he gave no indication.

>He replied within minutes: “**If it’s what you say I love it especially later in the summer**.”


Christ. Try harder.

$C: Isn’t there a thing somewhere on the internet that says in the event of discovering time travel, go back to when hitler’s Mom realized she was pregnant and give her plan b
$C: True dat
$C: The rich in America already have so much. Why do they get any kind of tax cut? 
$C: I mean, I'm a staunch liberal, so, you're singing to the choir. I'm just saying that passing the tax reform is still a major accomplishment for the administration.

It's fucking awful policy, but, that's not really what counts when you're tallying political victory. 
$C: The tax reform was several months ago.

It's also going to set our country back decades, but :( C'est la Trump. 
$C: Are you saying there's something wrong with being a sex worker?

Yes, the reason Trump supporters still support Trump is because their opinions haven't been changed. Calling them Trumpets isn't going to help change their opinions you idiot. 
$C: Alrighty then. You realize its liberal agendas weakening our public school systems. That's why people who have the money send their kids to private. I know I would. But yeah, liberals also create visions which are ideals. They do exactly what you just stated. They give a sense of exaltation to the recipients of their persuasion, who in turn give support to these "appointed visionaries." I understand how it works. I was trying to respect your opinion.
$C: I’ve never heard of the “horseshoe theory” and yes I did think of it. 

I’ll look into the horseshoe, see if it aligns with my vague impression of the spectrum. 

Its a straightforward idea. It’s not like some string theory complexity.



$C: Forgive me, but what talking points did I repeat?
$C: > if you fin fault in Trump's administration for something you clearly cited as the EPA's doing


The EPA is being led by a Trump appointee you numbskull troll.


The only reason this is being done is because of Trump.


FFS Trump loves you people.


I hope for your sake that that you are a troll and not this dumb.
$C: What do you think Obama should have done in response to the Russian hacking?
$C: I think a quick scroll through his post history will show that this was probably said in all seriousness and wasn't an attempt at irony. 
$C: I liked Obama but he was definitely pro establishment when it came to the intelligence services and spying on citizens. He renewed the patriot act. 
$C: Lol, 9/11 truthers aren’t just Republicans/trump-ettes. Remember bush was president during that, a republican. 
$C: Thanks for the reply. I'm going to read it more thoroughly later, but it seems like your biggest complaint is lack of data, which ironically is why an FOIA request for the Geiger Counter readings on the Orion spacecraft mission would be useful information. Unfortunately, this lack of data swings both ways: can't prove danger; can't prove safety.

Anyways, that's my first thought just skimming. I might be completely unfair. Again, thanks for responding, and I'll try to give your interpretation a more fair analysis. Thanks, dude. Have an awesome weekend!
$C: Its not about social justice, its about Russian propaganda and ideologies that are completely false influencing american citizens. The dream of a communist society is sold to a generation of people, they try to instill it into america/uk/wherever communism isn't, and then government and officials abuse that new system to make a far more oppresive and controlling system, with virtually no freedoms or oppotunities for citizens, as has been shown in communist regimes before.

Its frankly fucking terrifying.
$C: Strangely no answer the the embassy question from you
$C: He said "you don't". As in, you don't do it.

If you want to know exactly how he's stoking tension in a war zone, rather than de escalating, he's moving the embassy which is very clearly stating US support for Israel and Judaism over Islam. If you don't see how that would escalate things then you don't understand much about politics or people. 
$C: Well if you’re only taking a certain amount of people from a country, wouldn’t you prefer those most likely to succeed? (Those with a higher education or knowledge in a certain field of work) We cant just take everybody in and hope that they find a job and can create a good life for themselves. 
$C: Thank you, i don’t really know why people are freaking out over this in the first place, i never new people disliked Trump this much so I’m glad I know now, even if I lose some internet points:) Better than a bunch of racists so I’m all for it.
$C: Well actually, Senator Robert Byrd endorsed Obama, if that counts. In recent years the KKK generally supports the Republican candidate. Historically, they generally supported Democrats. David Duke, himself, has in fact run for various political offices with both parties (go figure).  Name any fringe group, and I can guarantee you that they are never politically neutral. This article was at the top of the list of my Google search and shows that the KKK is always very politically active. 

https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2016/02/29/for-decades-the-ku-klux-klan-openly-endorsed-candidates-for-political-office/
$C: >Well I guess because Jesus believed that Jesus was the son of God, that made him Christian

No, he's still Jewish. Christians would develop overtime from a distinct sect of Judaism to a fully fledged religion.
$C: But the term didn't originate until well after his death, by a couple hundred years even. The Lincoln example favors calling Jesus Jewish more than it favors calling him a Christian.
$C: Thanks, I'll take a look at it when I get home.
$C: Thanks, I'll take a look at it when I get home.
$C: He selflessly chose to remain until other POWs would also be released, accepting continued torture, injury and - certainly - potential death. I think you're slipping very strange hairs here.
$C: Ah yes, anyone that thinks the CIA isn't a bastion of freedom hippies with the peoples best interests at heart is a russian shill. Good one.

>You're in a thread discussing the fact that Trump was told directly that Russia is engaging in cyber warfare and chose to deny it

Cool, but if you hadn't noticed, this particular discussion shifted to the topic of the CIA. I don't have to love the CIA to hate trump you dumb sack of shit
$C: So what was the end to the mind control experiments using LSD and other research chemicals conducted on american citizens. *Totally* about upholding denocracy, huh? Or running guns to south america and drugs back up to the north? Totally about democracy. Definitely not war profiteering

Edit: you do realize that the phrase "a means to an end" is in itself a defense of the means, right? 
$C: Oh, you're just another nutcase, then.
$C: A program from 55 years ago proves nothing of what's happening now.

Big deal, he converted to Islam.  There are over a billion Muslims in the world, it means about as much as saying he wears stripped socks.  Oh and for the record Snopes did not say it's true, they said listed it as unverified.

Comey urged people to vote for Democrats in the midterm because it's become abudantly clear that a large portion of the GOP is compromised and will not act.

I trust our intelligence community above a professional bankruptcy queen that lies day in a day.
$C: The snopes article does not agree with you in the slightest. Why does lying come so easily to you?
$C: But you certainly support banning those you disagree with because you have no idea what you’re talking about in the first place.  You have **ZERO** argument 
$C: Are you serious? That sub is left wing as hell. Not even close to center-right.
$C: No, I'm the future, and you'll be just like me before long. Hope is a sucker's game.

I can't wait to see the looks on your faces when everything is *even worse* in 20 years despite ALL your campaigning and protesting.

Give up now. It's so, so much easier.
$C: They would make the money back in a less than a second. It's a meaningless gesture.

Let's say there's an uprising, and the whole government is replaced. Same thing's just gonna happen again! It's human nature for the most ruthless and outright evil people to rise to the top, no matter the system. There's nothing anyone can do but die, hoping that the sweet embrace of oblivion awaits.
$C: You have no idea if I’m in an echo chamber or am close-minded.
$C: Well there’s nothing about them threatening people but I wasn’t aware of their continuation of nuclearisation.
$C: Totally. Dude.
$C: Was being in a Batman movie part of your plan?
$C: A lot of it stems from decades of expansion of executive power through legal opinions, some of which came from their own lawyers. The Bush administration of 2000-2008 greatly expanded executive powers through their legal memos where they interpreted the constitution to grant themselves much broader powers than originally intended. That was the foundation of the Patriot Act, which is largely responsible for executive overreach and the devastation of civil liberties, the Fourth Amendment in particular, at the beginning of the century. 
$C: What’s weird is our presidents have historically NEVER had this much power. Ever. Idk what is up with this world. 
$C: Every democracy is susceptible. Thats why most fail. It requires Congress to step in. 
$C: He isn’t supposed to, these are all impeachable offenses it’s just the legislature fell to the ruskies 4 or more years before the presidency.
$C: Yes because he would stop being Speaker and start being President.
$C: >Paul Ryan to be president.

He is running for the hills. He isn't running for reelection because Trump destroyed the GOP base. He isn't the only one. A lot of veteran GOP lawmakers are leaving because they see a blue wave and criminal trails in the future. They might come back in the future but they're seeking shelter from the coming storm. Anyone close to Trump is getting indicted or investigated by Mueller. 
$C: I'd take a man who believes in conversion therapy over the actual imbecile currently in office. At least one of them has political instincts.
$C: Yesterday I was thinking, wow doesn't Paul Ryan want to be President? Considering he intends to retire, it's probably a good tell that the Republicans have zero intention of holding Trump or Pence accountable in a timely manner.
$C: It’s okay, the rest of us understood what you meant; Pence has been *bleaching* all the evidence.
$C: Thanks. I would be interested also
$C: Honestly? I have no clue. This shit hasn't happened before in this country. I'm absolutely terrified BECAUSE I don't know what's going to happen. 
$C: Where did I say I voted for Trump? 

I'm allowed to dislike somebody and *not* vote for her. Honestly, I really don't have to explain myself to you at all. Just because I acted differently than you, doesn't mean I listen or watch the programming you suggested I do. (Spoiler: I don't)

Give me a candidate I can stand behind who I like, and I'll vote for them. Period. I don't like Hillary I never will. And I'll never vote for a democrat or a Republican when the sides are so polar opposite. Give me someone in the middle. 

As far as Trump and his womanizing, I wasn't aware of any before the election, and held no feelings for him either way. 

But once again, tell me where I said I voted for him. I'll wait. 

Perhaps you need to take a reading comprehension course. 
$C: a million and one? 😂😂😂

😭😭😭😭
$C: Maybe in Chicago, everywhere else the scale of it isn't even comparable. The vast majority of Gerrymandering is done by Republicans, with only a few rare instances by Democrats
$C: How so?  You're totally fine with our president lying about a foreign, hostile power undermining our democracy then?
$C: >Dems don't always do that

I'll gladly take *don't always* over *fucking never* and *actively working against it*
$C: > We want progressives who will protect the people and the constitution. Dems don't always do that.

Then vote in the fucking primaries, and vote for the winner of that in the general.

You can't vote the republicans out by not voting or spoiling your vote, but you can affect who the democrats run in the general.
$C: Did anything Putin did sway you from voting for someone other than Trump?  Honest question
$C: I got the same impression, I think he is digging at the current crop of right-wingers, as you say, “pining for a return” to times that didn’t exist.
$C: Terrible people can still be good at things. Pointing it out doesn't make them less terrible.
$C: Say what you want about Hitler, at least he wasn't Trump

/s for you shitbags who want to take this as proof of crazy libruls
$C: Now I'm *not a historian*, but I'm interested in the *extremes* of the human experience...
$C: Tens of millions of people; people like you and me. 
$C: That’s a good guess tbh. 
$C: It does feel that way. The world has already changed so much in the relatively brief time I've been alive, it could become a nightmare for everyone but the wealthiest just as fast. And a lot of people who have everything to lose in that world are the ones pushing hardest to make it happen.  
  

$C: Oh god no, that's terrible advice. That's like telling a germaphobe who shuts themselves away at home to go and roll around in a pit of aids-infected needles, because you're concerned their immune system might not be getting a proper workout.
$C: Oh God please no.

There's also the "great awakening" which is basically just conspiracy theories about trump and the deep state. 
$C: “Today television news is watched more often than people read newspapers, than people listen to the radio, than people read or gather any other form of communication. The reason: people are lazy. With television you just sit – watch – listen. The thinking is done for you.”

- Roger Ailes
$C: Awesome, could be a necessary skill soon
$C: And explain that by approaching the gate, they committed a crime. 
$C: You're an idiot if you think no taking into consideration the rest of the world's opinion is good approach. The relative peace of the last several years has been directly due to the ability and willingness of the USA to engage with its allies on shared interest and discuss any conflicts. Turning our backs on that is a recipe for war, not just against Russia but possibly everyone.

Russia invading Crimea most definitely was under Obama. Putin was able to do it because unfortunately, Ukraine isn't in NATO but it's remained in a state of stalemate because Obama was clear on his commitment to NATO. With a strong NATO, Russia would be less inclined to take over all of Ukraine. Trump is undermining one of the most successful alliances in terms of world peace the world has ever seen.

Keep taking that for granted and blaming Obama for it's splintering. Just don't come crying when the rest of the world turns their backs on us and your grandchildren are forced to fight in a war.
$C: Almost whichever that aren’t owned by Murdoch.
$C: I don't think the Russians needed to influence them directly. Plenty of desperate voters unhappy with the election sent them letters pleading for electoral dissent, I remember. 
$C: Doesn't make much sense though. At that point you don't need to bother with them. Also electors aren't just random party members, they're usually people that are extremely dedicated to the party at a grassroots level and have been involved well before election season. My HS government teacher was one once (though her party lost the presidency that year in her state). Judging by what I learned from and about her it would be a terrible idea to try to corrupt them, highly ineffective, and not really worth it.
$C: From the country with 35 hour work weeks, mandatory 40 paid holidays a year not including 40 days of sick leave as mandated by law to the country with 40-60 hour work weeks and exactly 0 paid time off and 0 sick leave mandated by law.

Totally the same. 
$C: But then it doesn't cost nothing. 
$C: Freedom costs $1.05
$C: But it wouldn't be a civil war. And the military would split a lot less than you think. The 1800s were a totally different time. Nowadays, I'd like you to find me someone in the military who would gladly kill the exact people they've given years of their life to protect and represent. I'll just tell you, you'll have a hard time.
$C: That's a fair point, however in those situations having better training and tech definetely helps. Also not many people aside from guerrilla fighters would interfere, and the urban areas aren't dense enough (in a lot of more spread out US cities) to be a hinderence to the military.
$C: You said it perfect! The situation you describe is EXACTLY how we win.
$C: Are you trolling or just really fucking special? If being poor was a good reason not to protest there would never have been any. Do you want all the CEOs to get out on the street and protest for you or what?

So yes, you are lazy, selfish, and stupid.
$C: >Right now, they *do* have a target to be horrified at. Trump. 

To be more specific, it's Trump's behaviour that is horrifying and the things he does (and why).

Change the narrative around the what and why in a way that makes the left and centre either less horrified, or question themselves and he neutralises that problem.

These tools are built to uncover what those more favorable narrative structures are (there plenty of test data, as everyone is so keen to let others know their online reactions and habits), and nobody is the wiser when they kick in.

Edit: /u/Atosen, [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/90slit/republican_intros_bill_that_would_turn_net/e2t8wbx)  reminded me of our conversation.
$C: If one person did something like that, yeah they would get called out. But if enough people, let’s say a third of those elected at midterms, all lied during campaigns in big ways no one could call them on it. The opposing party (in this case the liberals) was would be blamed as over-the top radicals if they tried to prosecute too many people, and would be compared to people like Pride of the British parliament and Robespierre during the original French Revolution.
$C: I have an MBA. I work for a fortune 100 company. Trump does not affect my career. I choose to eat healthy and exercise. Trump does not affect my health. I live in a safe neighbor in a house that locks. Trump does not affect my security. 
$C: I did see that kind of complacency for both of Obama's terms so I could believe some thousands were chilling at home

However we know that after Trump got ahold of the stolen DNC letter, the campaign shifted ad buys to areas that were a complete surprise but turned out to be critical.

They had an extensive bot network creating fake conversations to increase perceived social consent. Remember how the Tea Party was essentially founded because Fox News would run cleverly edited footage of very small rallies?

That but bigger and longer.

Make no mistake. This was an attack and declaration of war. The GOP refuses to acknowledge that and is doing their best to strangle the efforts to defend the country.

This is treason, conspiracy to commit treason of the highest order.

We appear to have a modern civil war, in that half the country has turned traitor for fucking Russia and the patriotic half is standing around slackjawed.

A few people have been killed by the alt-right already. Many injured. More harassed. When are we gonna snap out of it and fight back? 
$C: millennials voted more than the baby boomers did when they were their age
$C: We forgive you
$C: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I8ltaE6Bifw
$C: Your reading comprehension is poor* DONT COME AFTER MY STRANGER REDDIT FRIEND IVE NEVER MET BEFORE LIKE THAT . 

$C: And yet, that has nothing to do with what we are talking about. Did Trump assemble with arms and threaten people trying to vote?
$C: [removed]
$C: We allies with a lot of countries if A gay person goes over there they will be killed ! China has been stealing our technology for many years don’t think it could be China That messed with our elections. Think about this Russia China they have been doing this for many years why the hell States would buy voting machines from Russian companies just same thing he was saying about Germany. Germany is buying all their natural gas for heating in the winter from Russia and Germany wants us United States of America to protect them with military forces why you know how many people would freeze to death in the winter if Russia wants to cut off their gas to heat their homes that stupid!
$C: Take a look at the long arc of politics and at least give it until 2020 before making your decision. Chris Hayes has a fantastic podcast called "Why is this Happening?" and he had a guest named Corey Robin. I highly recommend listening to this if you want tangible evidence for a positive outlook. 

Robin argues convincingly that the political pendulum is swinging toward the left for an extended period of time. The republicans won the political landscape of America for the past half century since Reagan, but if you zoom out over the course of that time you will see that their hold on ideological tug of war is fading. 

We are two lost popular votes away from having had the presidency continuously since 1992! I understand that the electoral college is outdated but changing that will take some real infrastructure work in the political domain. The GOP has not performed well in national elections in your lifetime though it may feel like it. Because of this they have resorted to ramming through the drastic nonsense they can in their short windows in charge, but these windows of power are getting shorter and shorter. 

What we are seeing is the GOP's last grasp at holding on, but they have pissed off enormous amounts of people with their rhetoric to the point where they have lost some of their actual "conservative" base and replaced it with Trump loyalists. 

I get that you feel beaten down and overlooked by society but this ideological fight is one that takes a long time to play out. If the GOP performs well this Nov and retains the presidency in 2020, then leave. I will probably follow you out. But if we win in 2018 and take back the presidency in 2020 then the GOP will have held power for only a couple of years whereas the Dems have had much longer and more successful tenures in power during your life. Progress is slow because people fear it. 2 steps forward and 1 step back is still a step in the right direction and I think until we see a shift of 1 step forward and two back then America deserves you still. 
$C: I mean, or the democrats and independents voting. This kind of hyperbole does nothing but stoke the animosity of our political landscape. Rather than grabbing your gun, you should grab some friends and take them to the polls in November 
$C: My mom and I looked at Bernie and found him pretty weak on several issues. My mom's leaning conservative, as in proper conservative, not the bullshit Republican reactionary carrying the name that's the opposite of everything they're doing. I'm not really sure what I am, but I don't really agree with a full liberal push, though I do think it's a far better option than republican backpedaling.
I don't see any reason why Hillary was worse than Bernie that wasn't the obvious lies that she's been getting thrown at her for years anyone with a brain would recognize as bullshit.
$C: I get where you're coming from. But, none the less, it still comes off as divisive.

Also, by all means, emigrate. Live your life for you. Expand your experience as much as possible. 
$C: I didn't say anything to contest any of those points. I said it's divisive. You can say that rich white people don't need defending, and that's true. It's you, I, and the rest of us that need defending. Well, guess how a lot of rich white people vote... And OH! their candidate is in office, and yours is not. And so it will remain until they agree with you on at least some level. And they will not do so if they feel that you don't like them. And they'll feel like you don't like them so long as you continue with hostile, needlessly divisive statements.

TL;DR: you don't have to tear down rich white men to point out that poor black women need help. 
$C: Seriously. Been said since that special night. Not in November. No, way back when he announced he was actually running. 
$C: > So DWS didn't schedule shitty times for the debates?

She did not. The one that people keep whining about wound up being the fourth-most-watched debate of the cycle. 

>Didn't prevent more debates from happening? 

She also didn't do this. The DNC sponsored 6 debates in 2016, down from 8 in 2008. After outcry, they wound up scheduling 3 more, for 9 - *more* than in 2008. All told, between third-party events and DNC debates, there were 22 in 2016, only slightly less than 26 in 2008. However, most of those were between multiple parties rather than one-on-one; Clinton and Bernie got *more* one-on-one time than Clinton and Obama, in a much less close race.

>She didn't resign in disgrace? 

She resigned because these all came out immediately before the convention - which, we know, was planned by Wikileaks to maximize division between Sanders supporters and the rest. I think she was a shitty DNC chair, but she was clearly thrown under the bus. 

>She didn't get the job after Tim Kain just randomly gave her the job, then got the VP nomination? 

DNC chairs are elected, not appointed. She got the job for the same reason Kaine had it before her - popular DNC congress critter for a critical (and wealthy) swing district (or state, in his case). That's also the same reason he was VP. There's nothing of substance there.

>She didn't join the Clinton campaign after her resignation?

She was given an honorary position with no power, duties, or budget. It was completely ceremonial to let her save a little face. 

>Donna fucking Brazile didn't write this piece? 

Donna fucking Brazile's overblown attention-seeking blows a fundraising agreement way out of proportion. Like, you know we got to see the text of said fundraising agreement, right? And the worst that could have possibly came out of it was "Clinton has some say in hiring decisions"? 

What did these hires *do* to hurt Bernie? 

>You said yourself they didnt want Bernie, that's fucking bullshit as it is. They should be impartial.

They're human beings. They're entitled to their own opinions on things. Of course they'd prefer the lifelong party stalwart to the Johnny-come-lately who'd always attacked them and who was blatantly using their machinery to run for president. I don't care if they wanted Clinton, I care if they *did* anything for her. 

>But if you're saying that Hillary Clinton was not being directly helped by the DNC, to the detriment of Bernie Sanders' campaign in an unfair manner, then that is disingenuous at best.

No, it is the only reasonable conclusion supported by the evidence at hand. 

Think about it. Look back at your first paragraph. There is *one* thing here that consists of an action, the debate scheduling, and that's something that A) didn't change much for views and B) was set well in advance of Bernie's challenge from the left. All the others are innuendos and trying to make innocent things look nefarious. 

>And that's not even mentioning the downright dirty tactics that Hillary pulled during the campaign.

You mean like, fabricating endorsements or trying to steal data from her chief competitor? Wait, that was Bernie. 

Hillary treated Bernie with such kid gloves it was ridiculous.

>It is disgraceful that the DNC did not give a true progressive like Bernie (which stands for values Clinton at one point stood for), because it was in cahoots with Clinton. Disgraceful.

What is disgraceful is how easily people will repeat long-debunked bullshit without ever looking to see if the facts support the assertions.

And the fact do not support your assertions. 

What did the DNC fucking *do*? What actions were taken out to hurt Bernie other than some hand-wringing about input over staffers or debate schedules that wound up with more one-on-one time than Hillary & Obama ever had in a much closer race? 
$C: Look, I don't disagree with you on a majority of your points. I was/am angry too. What could have been if he had been given a fair shake. However, we have to be smart enough to acknowledge that Russia will use, has used, and is using those very same talking points to sow discord on the left and discourage participation. If you're truly for Bernie, then you're truly for America so for the sake of the country, let this one go. At least for the time being. We need to unite behind Democrats and use the party to push progressive candidates and hopefully over time move the party in the direction we'd like it to go. We can't get there by repeating these frustrations and continually rehashing there arguments. It only serves to benefit the R's (Russia and Republicans).

Keep fighting the good fight man, hopefully I didnt offend. If I did, my apologies, wasn't my intention. 
$C: So, I could refute you point by point because so many of your claims are just straight up untrue (like the claim that she limited the number of debates when she and Bernie had more one-on-one debates than she and Obama ever did in a much closer race), but I don't feel like getting drawn into the Gish Gallop, so here, let's focus on one easily disprovable point. 

>Brooklyn bullshit

You do know that the Brooklyn voter purge almost certainly hurt Clinton more than Bernie, right? [Here are the facts](https://www.wnyc.org/story/brooklyn-voter-purge-age-clinton-sanders/): Fewer than 1% of purged voters in the districts in question were underneath 30 years old, despite making up 15% of registered voters in those districts. In other words, Bernie's chief demographic - the young - was disproportionately *less* likely to be purged. Those who were purged, on the other hand, tended to be A) older (median age of those purged = 53, median age of voter rolls as a whole = 47) and B) Hispanic. Both were strong Hillary demographics.

In other words, going by demographic information, Bernie voters were less likely to be purged from the rolls, and Hillary voters were more likely to be purged from the rolls. 

The Brooklyn fiasco *helped* Bernie. You are demonstrably, provably wrong about this. 

I wonder what else you're wrong about?

>Watch this documentary about the California primary. 

Sorry, I don't watch Youtube videos given as evidence in an argument as a general rule. And I don't think they're lying, I just think they're wrong.

Like I think you're wrong.
$C: Wrong again.
$C: > The mainstream media was one of the most deadly things in the last election. They covered Trump straight to the presidency. The centrist and left media praised Hillary to no end, and repeatedly mocked Bernie in the very little airtime they did give him, even after he became a serious candidate.

Strictly speaking, this isn't remotely true. [Hillary got the most negative coverage](https://www.mediamatters.org/blog/2016/04/15/media-analysis-shows-hillary-clinton-has-received-most-negative-stories-least-positive-stories-all/209945), and Sanders got more positive (and less negative) coverage than she did. 
$C: > The DNC election (in terms of votes itself) WAS rigged from day 1 due to superdelegates.

upvote upvote upvote upvote prayer hand emoji
$C: >  You and I were played like fucking morons.

Nah I wasn't.  I'm just helpless because I live in Oregon.  Bernie won by 12-14 points here over Clinton.  Trump got his ass kicked.  I love my local reps.  I donate to Democrat challengers in close elections in other states, but other than that I can't do shit.

Oregon isn't perfect, but at least in terms of my political beliefs we are light years ahead of most other states, even blue ones.
$C: [deleted]
$C: [deleted]
$C: I repeat:

What was incriminating in the emails? 

What do the emails show that the DNC ever *did* to hurt Bernie Sanders? 

What actions were taken by the DNC to hurt Bernie and help Hillary? I'm not asking for calling him names in private emails. I'm asking for actions. What did they *do*? 

I'm not sticking my fingers in my ears. I've read all the "most damaging Wikileaks" emails. And they're weak as shit. 

Nobody's ever been able to answer this question. Maybe you'll be the first. Shall we bet Reddit Gold on it?
$C: Two points:

1) That's on Donna Brazile. If you read the email in question, she has to explain to Podesta what she's doing. It's not "here are more questions, John," it's not "here are the questions we talked about me getting, John," it's her doing it out of the blue. That, to me, indicates that it was *not* a DNC-promoted thing as much as it was Brazile acting on her own.

And seriously, fuck Donna Brazile. I'm no fan of hers. 

2) Bernie's own campaign manager admitted that Brazile was cozying up to the Sanders campaign too. I strongly suspect she was feeding both candidates information pre debates to make them both look good. I'd like to see Tad Devine's emails. 

>Anyway, moving on, why do you insist on having Bernie supporters admit anything? A vote is a vote... who gives a shit if we disagree on things that happened 2 years ago? People don't like the way it went down, get over it. You included.

I assure you, I would love to get over it. I would love to never say a word about the 2016 primary ever again in my fucking life.

But as long as the "DNC rigged it" myth keeps getting spread, I will feel the need to refute it as much as I can. 
$C: Wow.  Never said that at all.  Way to project your inadequacies.  Have you ever thought " how fucking stupid am I that I'm arguing with a guy who know far more than I do and who isn't buying into shit?"  Cause you should.  
$C: > Guns won't stop any of these things

Nope, but will protect me from a mugger, someone breaking in, or the government getting "cute"
$C: A few times. When I first applied for a license to carry and was restricted - had to sue the city in order to get my rights back. 

Also felt this way on September 13, 1994 and again on July 20, 2016. 
$C: Didn't deny being female, just remarked that they never revealed their gender. Could still be either.
$C: There are other subs that have good mod teams that cut out bs and requires sources for top level comments at least, and delete those lack sources, so they may push back on that. 
$C: Japan is an imperialist power, and is crazy racist. How does anyone not know this?!
$C: >The great thing about logical fallacies is they all sound good on paper, but are worthless. If every argument this goofball makes has a logical fallacy, you don’t need to be bothered with researching details of his posts, he’s wrong before the facts even got considered.  

Congratulations, you've just committed another logical fallacy, the [Argument from Fallacy](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Argument_from_fallacy)

Just because someone is making a fallacious argument does not make their conclusion wrong. Granted, in this case I'd probably agree with you, but this is why it's important to constantly use critical thinking before dismissing any claim. 

Otherwise I could use your argument against you and just ignore everything else you were saying.
$C: Oh wow. I thought pk had done that. Thanks for the clarification.
$C: You are making an enemy of your fellow citizen. He is the one you want to convince about your position when election time comes. He is going to vote whether you downvote him or not. 
$C: If you think only one side does this then you’re part of the problem. I’m not saying it’s right, but to only be cool with it done in the past is cause your team and tribal side did it is fascinating to me. 
I’m not gonna bother to inform you that the people who heavily invested in Russia post collapse were sitting to make a shit load of money. Money on the scale of what the oil, steel, and railroad barons made back when the USA was founded. And then some bald headed guy comes outta no where and says “fuck that, a few people are not gonna enslave an entire nation and don’t even live hear and profit from it” and kicked them out after his predecessor rounded them up and killed them. 
Which is ironic, because that country is an oligarchy now, but it’s better than the alternative, which is North Korea as it currently sits. 
So when that happens and you’ve set your whole life up to reap the benefits of it, made powerful friends who have given reassurances of it, and have the military industrial complex and blank checks to back that up, and all of a sudden an outsider gets what was promised to someone else, and you see the fruits of your labor getting taken from you, knowing what you tried to happen will never take place now, what would you do???
Easy; run a massive smear campaign about all involved cause you are trying to recoup some of the massive profit loss, and not only that but you do it with vengeance. You make up anything and everything you can, and you use your media sources to get out any and all disinformation you want. It doesn’t matter if it’s not true, the public guilty verdict is much more efficient and brutal than a lengthy court case which people forget about. People want instant justice for their preconceived decisions and false motives in their head. 
My overall point is this; the world is run by people who have pissing contests in public to get back at each other for not helping them self benefit. Knowing how petty and self indulgent people with that kind of money are, knowing that people with that much privilege that they haven’t earned (worked a day in their life, never been poor, never had to eat beans and sandwich meat for a week) those people are so removed from reality, and they pay people to get public’s opinion swayed to their views. 
Russia gate is about much more than Russia, trump, and a supposed pee tape that was paid for by a political opponent, it’s about the fact that the wool has been pulled over our eyes since around the time the US went off the gold standard. There were people with enough money and power, influence and charm, to tell people voted into office in a supposed representative state (the US of A) that “don’t worry, take the natural resources that back your currency off that, I’ll pay for a private bank to give you money, and you guys make up the board, appoint them based on your voted leaders at the time, and call it democracy. And what’s even better, I’ll name it something that sounds like a government thing and no one will question it.” 
When you have that kind of money and are in those circles, that becomes the new pyramid, the new coliseum, the new Rushmore, because in those social circles that’s how you’re judged. How did you shape and influence the world, how did you show change. 
So drop the it’s not both sides, both sides are competitive, big sides are ruthless, and both sides have the money and the contacts to make it happen. 
You let that info get out into the public, you confirm that, and the whole system is done. Their wealth goes, their jet set lifestyle, the world playground mentality is gone, and they can’t live like that, so they make a fall guy. And the cycle continues, years later the facts are known, and someone else starts it again. 
And the public sees this; bread crumbs in congressional hearings, peanut punishment is the form of socialized loss payments, like what the banks had to pay after the Econ collapse in 07-08 and 09, and then it’s on to the next boom and bust. 
$C: I'm pretty sure the programs were "shut down" in the same way that Shellfish Toxin was "destroyed."

Sixty percent positive results were reported for Remote Viewing which is comparable with other intelligence gathering methods; if that was true, it was clearly useful as a comparative tool. 

It's absurdly easy to conceal. The budget for the operation was tiny and easy to lose. So assume it's still going on, maintained by the true believers. It's also in commercial operation, so there's another path to plausible deniability. 




$C: Heh. 

It's always important to understand how an opponent wants to influence you and how they might go about doing that. On occasion, if all else fails, they may even resort to the truth.

Skilled propagandists tell the truth as often as possible. You have to keep track of lies!
$C: Isn't the jury still out on him being able to pardon himself? 

Regardless, he can't pardon himself on state-level crimes, and heaven knows there's enough shit he left behind in NY and NJ over the years.
$C: I do. I point out all sorts of valid things, but they just disregard it anyway. I've stopped bothering trying to explain things to them. I focus my energy on the non-voters and undecided folks instead. It's no use talking to brick walls. 
$C: dude's on vacation and still putting in the solid work. you are the hero we don't deserve
$C: You're the best! By the way, as someone who majored in history I really ❤️ those footnotes! 
$C: Enjoy your holiday kind internet stranger. You have gotten me a lot more interested in what's what. I appreciate it. Lots of us do. 

As always, your formatting is impeccable
$C: Canada! Fuck yeah!
$C: It’s his first sentence. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: The impeachment part
$C: Article Two of the United States Constitution, Section 4: Impeachment

Depiction of the impeachment trial of President Andrew Johnson, in 1868, Chief Justice Salmon P. Chase presiding. Main article: Impeachment in the United States The President, Vice President and all civil Officers of the United States, shall be removed from Office on Impeachment for, and Conviction of, Treason, Bribery, or other high Crimes and Misdemeanors.

The Constitution also allows for involuntary removal from office. The President, Vice-President, Cabinet Secretaries, and other executive officers, as well as judges, may be impeached by the House of Representatives and tried in the Senate.

Any official convicted by the Senate is immediately removed from office. The Senate may also choose to bar the removed official from holding any federal office in the future.[39] No other punishments may be inflicted pursuant to the impeachment proceeding, but the convicted party remains liable to trial and punishment in the courts for civil and criminal charges.[40]

**You're dumb, son.**
$C: Well there is a process to impeach an elected president when they break laws, which Trump has done, so.
$C: The Constitution, Article II, Section 4:  The President, Vice President and all civil Officers of the United States, shall be removed from Office on Impeachment for, and Conviction of, Treason, Bribery, or other high Crimes and Misdemeanors.

But I'm sure you already knew that.  
$C: If the people and congress have lost faith in the president then they can impeach him. 
$C: Unprecedented acts for unprecedented times.
$C: [Here is something.](https://www.economist.com/graphic-detail/2018/05/08/a-trade-war-will-inevitably-hurt-americas-companies)
$C: There's an example in the god damn headline!!
$C: You seriously don’t consider it damaging to our country that our leader is actively trying to absolve the person responsible for undermining our democracy?? Even though he was fully aware he was the culprit?
$C: Using tax cut supplements to boost an already viably healthy and sustainable economy can only lead to an eventual shortcoming. Your gains may be short sighted. 
$C: Yeah, that is true. But Trump does not have anything to do with it. 
$C: Well I'm happy that you're good.

Your kids won't be though due to the national debt. Trump was late to that party (Dubya and Obama are the ones who organized it), but this economic "boom" is just another sugar high that's going to saddle future Americans with an enormous problem.

But hey, you're good right? Why sweat something like a legacy when you have more money in your pocket?
$C: I think you may be suffering a minor case of serious delusion..
$C: I mean, Obama was bashed nonstop by the media, yet he was still capable of speaking to all Americans during his speeches. I don’t ever remember Obama insulting Romney or McCain and their voters two years into his terms.

And yes they absolutely do damage the country. Ive seen so many republicans set their standards so far back to keep up with what Trump’s done. Modern conservatives cared about family values, so on and so forth, now they’ll do and say anything to convince themselves that they didn’t make a bad decision in 2016. He’s raised even more doubts about climate change, even going so far as to end NASA’s research on the topic, even though there is overwhelming evidence to support it. As far as the trade war goes, whatever, your political beliefs determine how you feel about that. But you’ve got to be going through some crazy mental gymnastics to convince yourself that he hasn’t been doing damage in one way or another.
$C: >an oligarchy in disguise

Russia?
$C: Scroll to top of page.

Read linked article.

Don't do drugs.
$C: Willful ignorance, or intentional obfuscation? 
$C: 
>Oh sweetie. You are watching the slow motion collapse of the United States, soon we will slaughtering each other in the streets. How cute.

You Russian trolls are really trying hard to make this second Civil War happen huh? Well, let me clue you in to how this is all going to go down. November 8-11 is going to come and nothing of note is going to happen, except that Democrats are going to take back control of the House, and keep the Senate as is. You may have convinced some extreme conservatives to take up arms, but they'll be dealt with quickly by law enforcement and if necessary, national guard.

Meanwhile, Mueller is coming. And with him, he's bringing indictments for every single person at the Trump Tower meeting, including little Donny Jr. You see there may not be any evidence against Trump, he may have insulated himself really well, but you can be damn sure there is something on Jr. And Jr is going to be the key to getting Trump to resign, peacefully and quietly. We'll see what Mike Pence knew and when he knew it and come at him with articles of impeachment if necessary, at which point, guess who's the new President? The Democratic Speaker of the House.

But it doesn't end there. There is no reconciliation with Russia. That possibility ended the moment Putin ordered the GRU to interfere and undermine our election, but we don't want war either, so what do we do? Economic sanctions appear to have put a squeeze on, but not so much as to stop Russian acts of agression. How about instead of trying to freeze assets of wealthy Russian oligarchs, we destroy the source of their wealth by driving the cost per barrel of oil down? Russia is a petro-economy after all. So the U.S. floods the market with cheap gas, works with the Saudis to do whatever needs to be done to watch the price per barrel drop to $10. And then, I get to sit back in my 3000 sqft home, and watch on CNN on my 70 UHD tv as Russians line up in bread lines for the second time during my lifetime. 
$C: Depends on how badly Mueller nails Trump to the wall. If Fox turns on Trump, so will they
$C: 2018-80=1938

Huh, seems like you over-estimated a bit there. 
$C: We're all jokes on this blessed day!
$C: You’re entitled to your opinion and I thank you for it.
$C: Nope, it's open and will take an act of congress to get some of those people out.
$C: Let's hope you're wrong, but I know this is true for some of them. 
$C: The OP is gilded 62 times. I would say the reaction is anything but tempered.

>Though that's a very telling statement

Telling of what? The truth? We literally stomp out nations that oppose us, the US is the evil empire imposing its hegemony on the world. I don't see what's so uniquely telling about pointing out evil. We demand self determinism but deny it to other people because we want their resources for cheap, I don't know another word for that other than evil.
$C: Those are your words not mine. I literally said it was wrong on both sides and people should be angry because this isn't new or novel not because of the newest report of someone doing it. Russia wishes they could overthrow governments as well as the US does. Best they can manage is some shitposting and baiting retards like you that have no reading comprehension.
$C: I didn't say take it any less serious, only that it's a small part of a larger story. It shouldn't be ok for any nation to interfere in the course of another nation, but that is hypocritical as fuck unless the US acknowledges that it does exactly the same thing it's now accusing Russia of. Acting surprised now that this is going on is myopic at best and intentionally misleading at worst.
$C: Where does Nixon fit in? 
$C: Very well put
$C: Sure lets start with the pursuit of the ISIS campaign.  
One of the first things he did was devolve power away from the White House and gave it to field commanders as far as targets for air strikes goes.  That was a big risk.  Field commanders might make the wrong choice, or hit civilians by mistake.  When the white house has to approve airstrikes it has to go from the field commander through many layers of bureaucracy on its way up which takes time.  Time can cause the situation on the ground to change. 

It's and old piece, but ISIS is old news now so it will have to do: https://www.cnn.com/2017/06/24/politics/trump-pentagon-shift-war-power-military/index.html

Lets move on to Peace in generalities.  North Korea had Nukes before he got into office, for a long time they have had them.  Every few years they get belligerent until we give them a bunch of money to go fuck off.  Trump this time worked with China and Russia who both share a border with North Korea and now they didn't get any food or cash but are calming the fuck down.   You think you can get Putins help on North Korea if you have a crap relationship?  I doubt it.  Now the North Korea situation isn't solved but it is far from war, and more likely now to be more positive than before.

As for the economy that is self evident.  Tax cuts led to investment.  His public shaming of companies left some compase with no choice but to expand here.
$C: The entire state of Illinois is a stellar example of what will happen if the country continues as Democrats want it to continue.

“Tax the rich” to fund welfare programs doesn’t work. They leave.

“Tax the corporations” to fund welfare programs doesn’t work. They move money and jobs overseas.

“Tax everyone” to fund welfare programs doesn’t work. The middle class shifts republican when you raise their taxes.

What’s left, then, when a party who plans to do all of the above decides to go ahead and increase social spending anyway? You get Illinois: the single most humiliatingly awful state economy in the United States. 

You write like someone who watched the Ocasio-Cortez interview on PBS and said, “yes, this woman knows what she’s talking about.”
$C: Are you serious?! Did you read any of this?

The first link leads to a dissertation from 1985 (ofc it has 27 citations by now), by a militant feminist saying that males are bad. "She subsequently obtained her PhD and became an international wildlife campaigner." Seriously, if thats your best source, you should reevaluate your conspiracy. By the way she doesnt criticize science, she hates men!

The second link leads to "ethnic studies", wich is a very normal field of studies. That field ranges from sociologic compositions of cultures, to the the cultural background of ethnic groups. I dont see why this field of study is relevant to your point. Have you read any of it apart from the the one question you quote?

What you are doing is cherrypicking questions and answers out of context. With your methodology it is no wonder that you conclude at a conspiracy.

So you think that there is a "anti-individualistic, anti-western, anti-science" conspiracy at universities throughout the US, because there was an article in psychologytoday that says the "coloblind"-treatment may be racist, and at universities there is a ethnic studies course that asks the question  "What does it mean to claim racial “colorblindness”?" ?  Bold claim
$C: that comes as a result of serious charges of high crimes with concrete evidence in the U.S., neither of which exist so far to put it to a vote. even if it were, without the evidence republicans will never vote to impeach so it would be a waste of time and resources. 
$C: Its Christmas in July!! Best reddit gift I've ever gotten.
$C: I like Bernie. Don’t be so angry.
$C: > Then I like to go down to the morgue and see if Benny is there. If  Benny is there, I slip him a ten-spot and go 12 rounds with the softest popsicles I can get my dick in.

Have some self respect man. This is not the place.
$C: I'm sure.
$C: You’re right we the people should just ignore the fact that the president is likely involved in a Russian collusion case because he MIGHT not be a major player! 

Seriously, listen to yourself. There is ZERO room for error in being president in the United States, no? Should he not be held to the same, no, HIGHER standards than the rest of us? 
$C: Do you see me condemning anyone? 
$C: I was talking about Bill Clinton. Hillary Clinton was never impeached because she was never president.

I wasn't defending anything about a primary election. I've no idea what that means.
$C: Ad hominem
$C: Pretty sure he was baiting you lol.
$C: no, it's not. is "forward" a good direction by definition. what about north, east, west? progress seems like an inherently good thing only at the surface level.
$C: Right?? I thought I’d seen some stupid logic on reddit before, but this takes the cake
$C: go ahead, make whatever assumption you want if it makes you comfortable.

the whole idea of "progress" from a leftist's perspective entirely depends on a narrative based view of history, and the idea that there is a certain progression (if you will) of social development where each step is "better" than the last. thus, "progress" is code for "the attainment of leftist ideals in greater society". so when you disagree with leftist talking points, you're no longer against leftism, you're against "progress".

so again, yes, you're greatly missing the point.
$C: show. me. the. data.

$C: [removed]
$C: “You must know more than the intelligence community because they already testified in front of congress that no votes changed.”

They testified that no votes changed before they cast votes? Incredible. Sowing misinformation gets people to change their mind before they vote. That’s kind of the point. But you knew that, and are just trying endlessly to deflect. 

“Does MSM take part in misinformation to sway voters? Yes, absolutely they do. That is impacting elections too.”

More deflection, and US journalists are not a foreign enemy. I really didn’t think I needed to explain that to you. Also journalists aren’t breaking into US government systems. But whatever. 
$C: > You think Trump walked back his statement to be more critical of Putin/Russia and this is still a problem for you? 

He walked back one word. But just expected everyone to forget how he was fellating Putin on stage for the entire conference. 

> Wasn’t your whole argument that Trump isn’t critical of Putin?

This guy talks shit about everyone. Veterans, the disabled, countries, world leaders. But he tip toes around Russia and Putin. Why is that?
$C: **[Fixed your link? Click here to recheck and delete this comment!](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Gyazo_Bot&subject=delete&message=delete%20e2ngs2u)**

*****

Hi, I'm a bot that links Gyazo images directly to save bandwidth.

Direct link: https://i.gyazo.com/aac7f498684e061ab8a86d3f35c358d6.png

Imgur mirror: https://i.imgur.com/SJRPcw0.png

^^[Sourcev2](https://github.com/Ptomerty/GyazoBot) ^^| ^^[Why?](https://github.com/Ptomerty/GyazoBot/blob/master/README.md) ^^| ^^[Creator](https://np.reddit.com/u/derpherp128) ^^| ^^[leavemealone](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Gyazo_Bot&subject=ignoreme&message=ignoreme)
$C: lol, have you listened to any right wing radio targeting liberals in the past 20 years?  Chris Plant, Rush Limbaugh, Mark Levin...come on with that shitty logic man.
$C: In any sort of anonymous debate like this, you are arguing for the sake of the audience, rather than the person you're talking to; because they may likely not be engaging in the conversation in a genuine manner or may simply not be intelligent enough to warrant discussing the matter with on a purely personal basis.  
$C: One of the 'we' chiming in here.

I'd like to say I appreciate your willingness to engage civily, but you have been strawmaning this other guy through this thread. I wasn't going to write anything but the comment made by the other guy compelled me to doing so.

If you really want to be as close to no bias as possible a good way to start is assuming that people's arguments have validity and engaging with them on a level beyond "you only think this because X." Whether X is a bias, logical fallacy, failing of public education, or what have you. You must engage with the idea apart from its source to ascertain its merit.
$C: I dont want bad things to happen to anyone. The reality is that America has regularly installed right wing dictators, overthrown democratically elected leaders, illegally invaded countries, and meddled in elections.

Do you deny that we've done those things? 

I don't think eye for an eye is a good moral basis but we definitely deserve it by retributive justice logic.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Oh I am sorry I should have assumed he is Jack Ryan. Clearly he has top secret clearance and is just waiting to reveal evidence that will impeach Trump.
$C: Like I said - Only when you learn to conduct discourse like an adult rather than a infantile child, will people start bothering to debate you or having any sort of meaningful discussion.
$C: He doesn’t even really support him. 

He just doesn’t like liberals. He couldn’t care less about Trump. He just loves he effect he has on progressives. That’s all that matters to him. 
$C: [removed]
$C: [removed]
$C: What exactly are you expecting? War with Russia over FB memes? I honestly don't care, but enlighten me how restricting freedom of speech is a good thing.
$C: Dude, this is textbook TDS. Come back to real world if you want to have a real conversation. 
$C: Is this an MKUltra trick question?
$C: Cash what? Watching liberals fake cry over phony outrages manufactured every week? No one is buying it. The constant cry wolf 24/7 is getting old. You people are suffering from Trump Derangement Syndrome. None of the shit you people want make sense anymore.

The left wants foreigners to not interfere with our elections, and now San Francisco is allowing illegal aliens to register to vote? How insane is that? Complain all you want about Trump, Republicans, and Russia -- they're not the ones literally manipulating votes in our elections.
$C: I guess? It's just funny how we all heard different things hence the clarification. 
$C: I don't get the controversy. Comey himself called hosting highly classified information on an unsecured private server extreme carelessness. Hillary fucked herself.
$C: Source, your claim.
$C: Thanks for proving that Trump Supporters weren’t even aware of what the Accord was. 

We have so much shit to fix because of you guys. Thanks a lot. 
$C: Nowhere does it say that the US alone is planning on giving away $100B, every other country that signed the climate agreement is also contributing to that sum. 

But keep playing the victim because it’s apparent that you and scum like you have quite literally nothing else to argue on. 

Let’s face it, your president shafted you.
$C: That's not how the Paris Accord worked. Not that you'd care.
$C: Fully agree. I’ve said from the start that if Trump talked less, people would have nothing to talk about other than his otherwise decent to above-average policies imo
$C: 100% true, the only reason anyone I know personally likes trump is because he pisses off liberals. I was hoping to hear some perspective beyond that but I'm clearly in the wrong place lol. 
$C: Spoiler, it's gone again... Give it a third attempt, you'll get there eventually. I'm literally making you post the same thing over and over again hahahaha
$C: > You know Veselnitskaya worked for Glenn Simpson (of FusionGPS), right?

Lie. She allegedly hired Fusion GPS. Right out of the gate you lie. And then you lie some more. I’m done spending time trying to educate you.
$C: > The only evidence **I've seen** has been that people working for the Russian Government paid for some facebook ads and twitter posts. 

And I’ve shown you more. So learn from it or don’t, but it already sounds like you want to continue being a slave.

$C: No source, got it
$C: *“and ofcourse only conservatives would feel they're the only ones that care.”*

Not what I said, and you know it. That pitiful tactic you just tried is called “moving the goalposts”. Let’s see if you show any integrity anywhere below.

*“Funny that you try to accuse me of ignoring the signs , literally adding up the things that MAY make him a terrorist. yet literally no evidence to that fact has ever been giving.  You actually give a small speech  "The perp is 34. Born in Iran. Living in Germany. Authorities are thus far refusing to give his name or to comment on his motives." with the clear indication of you thinking he's a terrorist simply through circumstantial stuff.”*

No integrity from you here, either. Oh, well. Why don’t you have another look at what I wrote. I listed what the news reports have listed. No more, no less. YOU decided what those things add up to. YOU did that, dummy.

*”...IF it was a terrorist thing. you guy's have thousands a people a year getting shot to bits by your own people...blahblahblah....”*

Non-sequitur. You just can’t stay honest, can you. Anyhoooo...back to the actual topic: the facts are what they are, YOU decided those facts mean that the perp is a terrorist, which I guess makes you a racist. Racist!

*”I don't need to stagger back at all. i have nothing to hide from nor does my country. We're better than you in every single conceivable way.”*

Adorable.
$C: I care about the report, but hypothetical questions are stupid. What if Trump is guilty? I can ask you too.
$C: It's really sad that you don't believe anything that doesn't fit your narrative even if it's confirmed by the people who did it, but you'll believe Vladimir Putin when he says $400M was given to Hillary Clinton because you don't like her. That's not how facts operate. 
$C: >So why can't these 12 intelligence officers show some evidence and get Trump out? Because they have nothing.


Because this evidence is part of an ongoing federal investigation. 

Therefore it’s classified. It’s already been handed over to Meuller. 


We do know that the evidence is intercepted communications between Putin and his officials. 

>Again, with the insults, because you can't make a single fucking good point. Wow.

You literally don’t know how the American legal system works. 

Stick to Brexit and Fucking up your own country. Leave this situation to the educated and informed Americans. 

Go back to TD with all the other uninformed foreign people hell bent on marking America worse. 
$C: Because there's an ongoing investigation....
$C: Not sure how to raise the quality...

PRETTY PLEASE with a cherry on top, do me a huge favor and post the link to the evidence that Trump colluded with Russia. Any kind of link. Gif, jpeg, blog post, I would even accept a 4chan green text. Been waiting for 2 years for the evidence to leak.


$C: So you are going for guilty until proven innocent. That's a shame.

Btw I didnt down vote you, your comment is one of the most sane I have read in months.
$C: [removed]
$C: Yeah totally, greedy sycophant republicans who fucking hate trump to the core but want to use him to pass their shitty corporate welfare. Can't forget them.
$C: We agree the current system can be improved. 
$C: I would never trust any intel given by an adversary.
$C: '"I would be shocked if the emails weren't altered," said Jamie Winterton, director of strategy for Arizona State University’s Global Security Initiative, citing Russia’s long history of spreading disinformation.'

http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/article/2016/oct/23/are-clinton-wikileaks-emails-doctored-or-are-they-/
$C: And unlike trump, I dont think s/he meant "were" instead of "weren't."
$C: I totally agree that the dnc is fucked up and that the schemes against Bernie Sanders came from an undemocratic place. 

But this isn’t about the outcome of the election, which trump has fetishized to the point of blinding himself. 

This is about the fact that Russian intelligence, under direct order from Putin’s, committed illegal acts in conspiracy against the USA and specifically to undermine our democratic process. They could have been completely unsuccessful, but the fact remains that they hacked half a million voter records, hacked the dnc, and hacked vendors that oversaw the election in several states (and that’s just from muellers most recent set of indictments). 

This is about these attacks, because that’s what they are, and our presidents unwillingness to come to terms with them because 
a) they cast a shadow over his electoral victory, which he can’t bear and so he has to reiterate at every opportunity the brilliance of his victory without any assistance 
b) he’s been compromised by Russian leadership and under pressure to abstain from defending American interests  
c) he genuinely doesn’t care about American interests?
d) all of the above

So yeah, all of “this stuff” would be happening regardless of what Clinton did because everybody has moved on from Clinton to the real challenges facing us today, because in the grand scheme of things, ongoing Russian attempts to undermine our democracy are more important than the fact that Bernie Sanders got shafted by Clinton’s DNC. Karmically, Sanders is much more relevant now than Clinton. 


$C: You ok with Russia attacking America?
$C: And if you don't have the time to research every article?
$C: > My claims of which? Hillary Clinton rigging the election? 

The one I was quoting, obviously...

It was the following one in case you forgot.

>... **considering the information was leaked by someone within the DNC and sent to Julliane Assange of Wikileaks** who was holed up in Russia because your crooked ass government doesn't like whistleblowers. 

I marked the part I want evidence for to make this even easier and in an attempt to prevent you from deflecting again. If you can't provide anything worthwhile, which I'm willing to bet on, I'll have to call you a hypocrite. 
$C: Do you even know what an ad hominem attack is? Because that is the entirety of your argument. You are dismissing information not due to the content of the information but because “its a newswire service”, “its owned by so and so”. You seem like the kind of person who enjoys coming off as enlightened but your comments reek of bad logic and contrarianism for its own sake. 
$C: At this point, I'm just watching the tricks they use. This particular user pushes the idea that only logical points supported by evidence should be considered. Which, on the surface, makes sense. So other Trump supporters, or people on the fence, read his comment and see the bit about the DNC leak being internal. There's no evidence of that, but since this user obviously cares about evidence, then it must be true. It's interesting to watch the manipulation happen in real time.
$C: You don’t give a shit about journalism or facts, since you’re arguing a point that is disproven with under 5 mins or search/copy/paste. 

“On or about March 28, 2016, YERMAKOV researched the names of Victims 1 and 2 and their association with Clinton on various social media sites.”

For example, beginning on or about March 15, 2016, YERMAKOV ran a technical query for the DNC’s internet protocol configurations to identify connected devices.”, “On or about the same day, YERMAKOV searched for open-source information about the DNC network, the Democratic Party, and Hillary Clinton.”, “On or about April 7, 2016, YERMAKOV ran a technical query for the DCCC’s internet protocol configurations to identify connected devices.”

“During that time, YERMAKOV researched PowerShell commands related to accessing and managing the Microsoft Exchange Server.”

“On or about May 31, 2016, YERMAKOV searched for open-source information about Company 1 [CrowdStrike] and its reporting on X-Agent and X-Tunnel.”


The above is simply an example to refute your claims. That’s one piece of one defendant’s work. This indictment is very detailed. 
$C: Haha. First, Russia has to give them to us. They are guilty. It's not a question, but a proven fact. 
$C: Ah here we go, your one of these feels>reals dopes.
$C: Haha go ahead. Tell me I'm a conspiracy theorist. A conspiracy theorist with physical, actual proof. 

But you'll say I  have proof. Even though...I do. Every one of our intelligence agencies agree. But hey bud, you go ahead and be you ;)
$C: If I am campaigning to prevent people from watching porn then yes. 
$C: Does it make you feel better to believe that I'm angry?
$C: I think you're confused.
$C: >I mean, you're almost right... 
>
>I disagree on most things with most liberals. But I don't live in a black and white, only 2 options world. I disagree with some things people believe on the Conservative side as well. Does that make me a Rooskie though, because I agree with most ideas on the Right?

I never called you a Russian. You have this insane victim complex. I feel like when Trump supporters talk about TDS, they are simply projecting their own subconscious fear that they are the deranged ones...
$C: >Oh I'm far from a victim. I couldn't be anymore happier where this country, and I, am at right now. I'm just sick of people like you lumping me into a boogie man group as an accuse for your girl losing the election. We're all here and real, trust me. There's not nearly as many Trump haters as the Reddit echo chamber likes to believe. Reddit community accounts for a fraction of the actual country. 

You are sick of the stereotyping???? Are you flipping kidding me?

Your fellow supporters call liberalism a *mental illness*. Christ on a trike! Trump tweeted yesterday about "Trump derangement syndrome" as if he were a flipping doctor!

You lack serious perspective.

Edit: you literally stereotyped me as a "snobby liberal" in your previous comment you hypocrite. You know next to nothing about me and yet you get to make me the boogeyman!? You are absolutely the one who is being snobby here. You think you know what's best for me?
$C: Worst case the President has been working with a foreign adversary to undermine U.S. democracy since before his election and lying to the American people to obfuscate his crimes.

He was given proof that Putin personally ordered the election meddling before he was even inaugurated and he's spent the last year and a half muddying the waters around that fact. The only logical motivation is that he already knew this because he was involved. 
$C: If you can actually support your ideas with facts then go for it.  
$C: How so?  
$C: > The investigation by the Daily Caller News Foundation has uncovered

Doh!
$C: Oh, you mean the inbd article.  Try to be more clear next time. 
$C: [sigh](http://dailycaller.com/2016/07/28/snopes-caught-lying-about-lack-of-american-flags-at-democratic-convention/) 
$C: That’s exactly whataboutism.  You guys made the word up,  you should know what it is.  

And the indictments specifically say that no votes were altered so...........
$C: Eh, I'm definitely no Trump supporter, but it is whataboutism. 

"Hillary did x" 

"but what about Trump?" 
$C: He campaigned on prosecuting her, I never heard him say he’d order her arrest.  I’d love to see that quote. 
$C: I'm sure there's some "second amendment people" who would help out if he asked. 
$C: Is it cold under your rock?  It’s hard to believe that a group of people can be so obtuse. 
$C: "First woman president" tokenisn shouldn't win you presidency.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Something tells me that we'd be having a different conversation had Obama done something. 

Something more on the lines of "Obama directly interfered with the election and therefore Donald Trump was never given the proper opportunity to actually run for president. DEMOCRATS RIGGED THE 2016 ELECTION." 

Am I wrong?
$C: Evidently.
$C: So you didn't read the whole thing, got it. What would you have done? Honestly. If you were running the country what would have been your response?
$C: You really showed them
$C: You really do need help.
$C: No I'm not, you know why? Cause he is NOT the sitting President anymore.

Why do you relentlessly go after Obama, yet fail to see what the current relevant President is doing. Do you honestly think having this Orange buffoon is better than Obama?
$C: Are you guys able to make an argument defending Trump without referencing Hillary or Obama? Every single argument is deflection. Your master has trained you well. Keep drinking that kool aid. 
$C: Lol ok
$C: I figured you wouldn’t. Thanks for playing gramps. 
$C: Just wondering why you don’t care about Trump’s lies.
Makes you look like a huge hypocrite.
$C: Alright folks, that's a wrap. I successfully defeated his talking points and he can't respond with a rational argument. Instead, he turns to personal attacks and many strawman arguments that I never made 🙂. 

Let's recap his response here for everyone to see: 

1. The first 50% of his post is spent attacking my speculation about his agenda/identity. Not only that, he spends 50% of his post attacking one of four options I listed. 

2. He apparently doesn't know what "nit picking" is and somehow thinks that logical fallacies and rational gaps counts as "nip picking"

3. On the one point we agreed upon, he somehow manages to misrepresent it. 

4. He brings up another non-sequitur logical fallacy in the form of schiff seeking nudes for some reason

5. He constructs another strawman argument about how I apparently believe that Russia controls Trump, which was never an argument that I made. 

6. He reverts back to personal attacks and fake crying. It's also interesting to note here that his personal attack is inaccurate. He's been failing to follow this discussion well, so it doesn't surprise me to see that he thinks I support CNN when I previously mentioned that they were an unreliable source. 

Special note: he didn't address a single one of my counter arguments. It would be impressive if it wasn't so sad. 

Bonus points: he doesn't even understand what a bot is himself. A bot is not exclusively used to perform DDOS attacks. They are used for many other things as well. Bots are also not always hacked. Sometimes bots are explicitly created. 
$C: Why don't you look it up yourself
$C: you were providing picture evidence of a picture that doesn't exist = Fail
$C: reporters say a lot of things. A lot of which is sensationalized to dupe outrage culture cultists like you. Pics or it didn't happen (see the Obama admin child cage pics...it happened then... Now?)
$C: How about his constant drumming about how immigrants are wiping out European cultures?

How about his calling African countries shit holes?

How about the lawsuits he settled about racial discrimination at his properties?

If that's not enough, what would it take for you to believe he is racist?
$C: The people who could/wanted to vote were able to/did vote.

How are the peoples needs not currently being represented?
$C: Trump openly asked Russia to hack the DNC
$C: Who even are you dude
$C: You can’t answer me.
$C: I'm not sure what that has to do with an ongoing investigation. Can you post a link to the article that shows the Mueller investigation is over and that Trump and his associates were cleared of any wrongdoing, because that would be great to have some closure.
$C: You’re lying. The story I linked explains how Russia hacked the DNC. 
$C: There are no claims that the voting machines themselves were tampered with as far as I know. Rather there was a propanda campaign using complex algorithms interpreting metadata that was taken freely from available sources as well as hacked. None of that is easily corrected, especially when Mitch McConnell refused to condemn it. 
$C: Lol yeah but it’s professionals. Are you a professional journalists?
$C: You guess that Russia launching a PR campaign doesn’t mean the President and his supporters are guilty of treason?  You guess?  
$C: There are 2 different subreddits with the same name. One is more active than the other, and yes, I know. It's informative in a way that lets me see the counterpoint to said article someone posted.
$C: The indications are there. But just keep burying your head in the sand, your ignorance and apathy is of use to no one.
$C: Meh, you should be.  It is the fault of people like you.

I used to be much nicer.
$C: > evading the entire intelligence community 

Nah the FBI were on to them.
$C: Why is Trump lying to you if he's on your side?
$C: I sourced an Associated Press article written by multiple people. You sent a propaganda YouTube video that you can’t even quote.
$C: So if portraying Americans as assholes yields an indefinite hold on your brainwashed dictator controlled populace, who is to blame? GRU/FSB or the Russian people paid to troll it?

I could do this all day by the way. 
$C: I said what you linked already. And you said **debates**. Plural. Where are the other debates?
$C: Oh, no, I don't troll as I'm not 12. I just know a lost cause when I see one, you know, just like cheeto.
$C: Lol
$C: In my experience, it's rare for an ex-front page thread that is off the front page to get brigaded.

I responded because I got a notification that you replied to my comment lol.
$C: Thank you!
$C: Thanks!
$C: Why shouldn’t electric vehicles be able to transport large cargo? I mean, they don’t lack the power today
$C: I don't disagree with anything you've said, I just wanted to say that it feels like a lot longer ago than a month since I made this comment and in some way that is comforting to me. 
$C: It's the pairing of the device + law that changed the nature of driving.  Simply adding seatbelts and laws that require them saves 1000s of lives a year in America alone.

A lot of political speech is meant to be objective "this tax does this" "that plan does that" ... these are not supposed to be nuanced and quite frankly if you're being obtuse and vague you shouldn't have a global platform.

For instance, a common refutation of the EV rebate program in Ontario was it "benefited the 1%" because EV cars are all super expensive.  This is objectively false and easy to fact check.  Even though "benefit" and "1%" might not be concrete terms the entire premise is obviously false and posts like that should have been deleted (and/or not shared in the first place).

$C: >The whole issue here is who decides what a "fact" is. I'm not comfortable with letting anyone decide what is or isn't true.

If it's political in nature a "fact" is anything that is objectively true.

If it's political in nature and subjectively true it's an opinion.

Opinions should have giant red caution labels around them.


$C: It's not worded as an opinion, and also the very first thing you said was "*I'm not making assumptions*".

>Waiting for "but her emails" comment in 3, 2, 1....

I talked plenty of shit about Bernie, but don't think that I ever spoke ill of Clinton. I think she would have been similar to Obama, who I voted for twice. It would be nice if you would ask me about my opinions rather than just assume them.
$C: Yes, and starting from Reagan, we've had systematic undercutting of the American people. Tax cuts for those who are stupidly wealthy, the war on ~~colored~~ "drugs". Mass incarceration to strip ~~colored~~ more criminals of the right to vote. Cutting programs designed to help those make a better sustainable situation.
$C: Well obviously I'm not talking about impeachment because people don't like him.  The r's already impeached a president for far less.  

Although I am expecting that evidence of crimes will have to be brought forward first (money laundering, obstruction, etc.) otherwise, yea, vote him out.
$C: You saw the word "competent" right?
$C: He said "competent"  Palin is just another special kind of moron. 
$C: Actually anybody could, and many did.

All it took was an unbiased look at polls for each candidate. Understanding that populism often is undefeatbale without a populist to oppose them. And look at who is more aligned with the preferred policies of the people.

Before we talk about how 'all the polls stayed hillary would win' many did, but by 2 or 3% points, withing the normal margin of error. State by state the polls only got two wrong. And she did win by what the polls suggested in the popular vote. (I am NOT saying she should've been president, in fact I'm British) 
$C: Except they did. Dismantling NATO and the trade war was basically on his campaign promises. The treason was warned by everyone.
$C: We need Mueller to open the blinds on the depth of this corruption before I will trust any GOP member.    There is too much complicity in blocking the investigation and distorting the facts for me to believe they're not implicated.

The fervor of strzok's kangaroo court hearing doesn't come from loyalty to your nation. 
$C: He wasn't impeached because he "played" (idk what exactly he did) with her in the oval office. So no it was not used as a political tool.

He was impeached for lying to Congress about it under oath 
$C: Yes he did. He was impeached for allegedly lying in hearings.

Except, the hearings, and the lie, were about having consensual sex outside of his marriage.

Clinton was impeached exclusively as a political gambit because the reactionary right managed to find the barest shred of a reason to do so - at no point was the national security threatened by *lying about* ***getting his dick sucked***. It was a farce to oust him for being a Democrat and everyone knew it.
$C: Ah, right. Providing evidence that many people feel like the admins are not listening to them is not good enough for you - because whatever the fuck you think is correct. 

Because you don't participate (being the noble person you are) in something you can clearly see huge numbers of others taking part in, there's nothing wrong and everyone is happy. Your opinion must surely be the only one that counts.
$C: I want to go home.
$C: Irrelevant. Countries where sweatshops are prevalent are practically always third-world countries that have a low GDP. Especially when you compare it to the GDP per capita.
$C: >The same number as traded on the FTSE, Hang Seng etc.

[Absolutely false.](https://imgur.com/a/DLgDC7c) NYSE and Nasdaq combine for almost 30 trillion in Market cap. FTSE is around 2 trillion and Hang Seng is even less. You have no idea what you're talking about. 

http://www.businessinsider.com/global-stock-market-capitalization-chart-2014-11

>Challenge accepted

I just want to be clear on something. According to the Forbes Global 2000 - Apple, an American company, leads in market value, profitability, sales. This is your source. 

The Forbes 2000 also indicates that the US has more than twice as many companies on the 2000 as China (second largest economy.) Again your source. 

Even on your obscure blog Apple leads in profitability.

>I am not questioning the fact that many of the worlds most profitable companies are in the US. It's just not as globally dominating as it used to be

Not many, most. And that's according to *your source*.

>It's too easy to wave the flag when you are fed data from your home sources but facts have an irritating way of interfering with your feel-good vibe
 
Very ironic coming from someone who has proved my argument. 


$C: You literally just keep googling it & trying to find articles that “suit your narrative” go study macro-economics bud don’t just rely on YouTube videos
$C: Let's frame his comment in the voice of a domestic abuse victim:

"It's okay if my husband beats me because I chose to stay with him. If I don't like it, I can leave. No government intervention needed! If he no longer requires my punching bag services, he can use me up and throw me and my livelihood away in an instant."

The danger here is what he's saying also hurts workers other than himself, even if he doesn't realize it.
$C: Sure, that's absolutely true. But this was talking about at-will employment, not unethical practices and working conditions. The courts are not there to pick winners and losers -- they're there to settle disputes. I don't see how simply telling someone you're no longer interested in their services is unethical.
$C: I’m glad we at least agree, and I do intend to try my best to prove you wrong. :)
$C: Understandably traumatic. That's some heavy stuff. I'm sorry that that happened to you; and I hope you're doing better now.
$C: Regardless, you broke the rules and then admitted to forgetting to show up for the consequences, which resulted in you getting further punishment. 

Whose the smart guy?
$C: How is following an attendance policy in any way shape or form translate into "government over reach"?
$C: Nice autistic rant buddy lol
$C: Okay, so hit the streets. Protest. I'm all for that. I would, were I at home, but this is all I can do from here.

My point is, don't just do nothing. Do something. Do whatever you can. Our country needs us, now, and our founding fathers created our country the way they did so we have power over what happens to us in times like these. 
$C: Blaming the intelligence agencies for the Iraq war is like blaming a murder on the murder weapon; they provided analysis that the administration cherry picked to justify the thing. Additionally, you're too far down the rabbit hole, if trump takes exception to the conclusions then let him make such a case beyond "putin said so".  I'm all ears. How does he explain Muellers indictments, the guilty pleas, etc. If he had a case to make he would make it, he doesn't

Edit to add: further debating the finer points of this case is pointless, on its own this is not that big of deal and of course there is greybess here. Taken together, however, Charlottesville, the Coney firing (at least the way it was carried out),  the access Hollywood tape, and countless other microscandals suggest something that no matter what you believe you must admit: there is something off about Trump's judgement, communication skills, wisdom, or whatever else that, in your heart, you must know is concerning from someone who, possibly at some point, must make very serious decisions . That's the point democrats are trying to make, and they are right. The partisans will hash out these minor points, did he rally mean to say no, did comey deserve firing, etc. They don't matter. What does is the larger picture, it's greater than the sum of its parts: something is off about trump that is harming people's, and if it's not for you your simply crazy, confidence in him and the "president" as this important institutional role. It's not partisanship, it's not policy, there is some underlying social or primate social issue that Republicans simply refuse to concede because of tribalism or whatnot that may have no consequence in the end, but are you actually prepared to bet on that for what, 7 more months of unrestrained power and another Supreme Court seat you'll get anyways?
$C: OK je note ! Pour un prochain week-end ! 
$C: OuiGo is bae mais faut se lever tôt quand t'es pauvre.
$C: Thanks for the pointers.
$C: Hi to follow up on your comment because it's always good to check our own facts. The equivalent of Navigo in London is 415euros. Navigo in Paris is 75. 

It is indeed closer to 5 times than 10, my bad on that. 

I said close to 10 because I remembered it was 400 something but I thought it was higher (like 480) and also that it was in pounds which would make 540 euros. I know it's still far from 10, nevertheless we are indeed 5 times cheaper than the navigo price of London in Paris


Moreover, companies HAVE TO reimburse 50% of your Navigo if you take one. Therefore, if you are working, the price is 35euros a month which IS 10 times cheaper than London
$C: I'll be rooting for you from the other side of the Atlantic.




$C: Exactly 
$C: >what we have now doesn't work

What we have now is an evolving set of ideologies and opinions, that effect our very way of life.

What we have now isn't something that you can just *stop* from happening, especially not when your stance is sitting back and doing nothing but saying, "I'm sitting back and doing nothing."

You have your opinion, and that is good.  I like the concept of what you want; maybe some utopia where we learn to get along.  Maybe one where the value of *things* doesn't outweigh the value of life.  Etc.

But the reality, as you put it, is that we are a mismatch of some chaotic hapchances  and oftentimes, manipulated into certain schemes (e.g. political and religious ideologies).  But until the world requires complete unification, and we are getting there, democracy is the only semblance we have in what we hope can guide us through disasters, famine, drought, overpopulation.

When you mention *not doing anything*, you should be able to discuss at least *some* semblance of an idea.   No one expects you to have the answers to my questions.  They're simply a way of asking; if democracy is so evil and bad, what do you  believe needs to happen, in order for democratic elections to become an obsolete form of governance.

I'm not picking on you, I'm genuinely curious on the subject of post-*whatever* story lines.  You seem adamant about it, but we remain curious to have any scope of what you expect to happen.  In your words.
$C: You've got to be fucking shitting me. 
$C: Or Dwayne Johnson. 
$C: Yes, as individiuals, leaders are everywhere. This is not what I meant. Conservatives without the relevant education or information seem to assume that there exists a strict and concrete top-down hierarchy in society, and that representatives are part of it in a linear fashion. 

To elucidate, I'll give you a specific example: "The government should create jobs!" There is a one-sided agreement that the government, any democratic government, is or should be directly responsible - they are leaders. They are in the top. And if they don't deliver, it's because they're incompetent or outright evil, since they decide not to. 

In reality, there are ways to facilitate job growth. Quite a few, in fact. They don't have to have law-making involved, either - tax bullet, gov't investments, subsidiaries, what have you. But not one of them directly creates a single job. 

So instead of dictation, we get discussions. Instead of direct influence, we get to choose how best serve our interests. 

Instead of something simple and concrete, we get a process. The stratification of a society does not go hand in hand with any certain hierarchies. 
$C: Republicans also have many of the churches, the Fundamentalist ones.  We've also seen in this election that they've got most of the racists.

$C: No, I'm just talking about the usa, that shithole country has some working issues right up its sleeve.

E.g. If you study,  you pay for that education the rest of your life. 

For the rest of the world,  that would just be a bad joke.
$C: Ours were made by Bismarck,  the true mf of working rights himself.  So people won't riot and stuff and be happy little workers that do their job.

It worked,  we Germans are privileged to have those working rights.

Now look at the 3rd world country with the biggest ego and their working rights. 

One can only be baffled by that, this much.
$C: Just as a reminder, it goes the other way too - in the true north, it's half past impossible to get rid of an employee.   


Balance in all things, just saying. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: [deleted]
$C: So, as far as I'm aware, that wouldn't really work. Look at my state, Pennsylvania. Two big cities, Philadelphia and Pittsburgh. We have 2 Senators: One Republican and One Democrat. We have 16 Representatives. Ten Republicans, Five Democrats, and One Other. In the 2016 Presidential Election, Pennsylvania voted Trump, much to my disappointment. Sounds like Philadelphia and Pittsburgh fit the bill, right? Major Population centres in a state with republicans in charge.

[Now look at how the state voted by district.](https://www.nytimes.com/elections/results/pennsylvania)

Major population centres are voting Democrat. They always have. There just happens to be slightly more people in the rural areas. Or at least, more people who can actually go vote. In fact, most of Trump's supporters would love for Philadelphia to get into a grid lock, they hate the place cause it's a Sanctuary city.

Protesting in cities just isn't the way to go, and has proven very unsuccessful. There's a number of protests happening against ICE in Philadelphia right now, but no one who can do anything about it care cause one, they don't live here, and two, those protestors are "just getting in ICE's way."
$C: Fuck yes. Can confirm. USAF veteran. 
$C: Well they live in an oligarchy and are raised like swine ready for the slaughter house. 

Don't expect much from the Americans.

They are outraged now but in a few days they will calm down and nothing changes,  as always in the usa.
$C: More like a revolution. We know Trump won’t be impeached.  And even if were to be, it would take too long. 
$C: ViktorV is most likely not American. Though their comments are wordy, it’s hard to believe English is their first language and they seem to be pushing some sort of both sides are just as bad but especially Democrats angle. They also post odd hours for someone based in the US. 
$C: He can't?

Have you any idea of what you're even talking about? He can't 'just decide' anything. He can't pass law. His office executes the law. That's it.

The amount of ignorance of how the US federal government works is staggering. Who is telling you this crazy stuff?
$C: And t_d doesn't harass people? They don't shut up about Seth Rich doesn't matter how many times his family asks people to stop.

They are not "fun".  They are a disgrace.
$C: Because that's some entitled "BUT I WANNA" pussy bullshit. You don't come into someones home and expect to get away with spewing bullshit.

Accountability results in consequence for being a shit person.
$C: The advertisement saying to go pal around with Nazis and not punch right was stickied by a mod.  It’s not some weird one-off that they moderated out in good faith, it was something they tried to push, and then tries to purge evidence of after the fact.
$C: When that shark is openly talking about killing minorities, maybe it's time to kill the shark.
$C: How about we put out the fire in the house before we focus on the mold problem?
$C: I love it when people say this as if anyone has ever actually said this
$C: That's an honorable discharge
$C: Then third party is NOT the answer and getting money out of politics is, which happens to be pretty popular with dems right now. 
$C: The point is to save the Republic. We are at that stage.
$C: No problem! And thank you!
$C: Relying on a "Populist movement" in a country where you are unable to really take any populist action seems like a bit of a lost cause, perhaps I'm missing something.
$C: Oh I agree, your national parks are worth seeing one day. I just will avoid your big cities. Provided I get let in at the border - it's reportedly very hit and miss these days
$C: Primaries are where you can choose individuals. Those vary by state. In Florida it will be August 28th. For the actual midterms though, vote Democrat straight ticket.
$C: Patrick Star?


Do you live under a rock? Do you even know what policies Democrats are pushing? These are *some* of the policies that Democrats champion. You are playing dumb.
$C: I think once we save our democracy next election we need to start focus on using the primaries to get the good candidates. They're out there. Bernie and Alexandria look earnest. It's just a matter of getting them elected. I think campaign finance reform is, with election system reform (away from FPTP), the key to fixing things.

Thing is, first, wrest power away from this one party rule. And if we do get it, it at least can't be the party of Russia and corporatism.

Sorry to assume you were part of the "them", though. Voting does make a difference, and I don't like the idea of people encouraging others to not use their voice. Induced passivity is what got us in this mess in the first place.
$C: 
There is zero evidence Russia was behind the skripal attack. Many others could have been, including the British government https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/salisbury-poisoning-russia-novichok-nerve-agent-porton-down-proof-evidence-mod-latest-a8286761.html%3famp
Just because your government is "democratic" doesn't mean its immune from corruption.
I will not respond to baseless allegations of Russian aggression.
$C: Violent =/=physically Violent. he was volatile, he made everyone see things different
$C: \[Gallup Poll May 1961\] ([http://www.crmvet.org/docs/60s\_crm\_public-opinion.pdf](http://www.crmvet.org/docs/60s_crm_public-opinion.pdf)) in 1969 45% of american men surveyed said that protesters were "looking for trouble" rather than trying to advance their rights, and 23% said the protesters were "not one way or the other"

\[major public figures including clergymen accused MLK of trying to "incite hatred and violence"\] ([https://www.vox.com/2016/1/18/10777146/mlk-day-martin-luther-king](https://www.vox.com/2016/1/18/10777146/mlk-day-martin-luther-king))

but ok
$C: Your insults are not proof.
I provided three sources for you, as requested, which you falsely claimed I would not and could not do.

Then you lied and said that I had that information prepared.

Then when called out on your lies, you tried to smear all of the news services as "libel".

Torshin is Buttina's handler.
There is evidence of them having many conversations, one of which where she says "It's 3am.  I'm ready for new orders." to Torshin.

You have only shown that you are not only not following this story *at all*, but are so clueless about it that you cannot even connect the dots.  These are *all* people being investigated by Mueller's team, and that investigation is uncovering links between the Trump campaign and Russians who were illegally influencing and affecting a U.S. election, which is highly illegal.. and treason.

And I didn't post the articles for your benefit, since you obviously didn't read them.
I posted them for everyone else reading this thread, so that they can see just how misinformed you are.
$C: [deleted]
$C: You got to use the french protestation route, start burning cars and start putting the heads of those against you on spikes and walk them through the city.
$C: The women’s march was a street party. A real protest isn’t so polite. 
$C: If you really feel that way then it's time for a revolution.
$C: Is this not the reason Americans have the right to bare arms. It's not so gun manufacturers can make billions. 
$C: >There were protests with a million. The woman's March. Nothing seems to have happened following that. 

Gee you want to maybe take a guess why?

It was a laughable protest over basically nothing with no goals that literally featured people wearing vaginas on their heads. Then you wonder why nobody takes you seriously. Then you want to amp it up with hyperbolic bullshit about "women's rights are in peril"?

Why is it that your idiotic messaging like this just makes you lose and all you can think to do is double down on it harder? 

Quit with the directionless bullshit protests like that stupid March for Science.

Quit with the hyperbolic bullshit like "women are going to lose all their rights".

Quit fucking embarrassing yourselves with idiotic symbols like vagina hats or the obsession with dildo demonstrations.

Quit sabotaging your protests by letting morons like the Parkland shits stand up and immediately stick their feet in their mouths.

It's been like ten fucking years since Occupy failed to accomplish anything because it fell into these exact same pitfalls and you guys didn't learn a single fucking thing. Quit using your protests as just shitty excuses to masturbate in public.
$C: > A pedophile ran for Senate.

And lost. 
$C: I feel like I have to mention the fact that abortion is such a polarized issue, protests do little to nothing for it.  Thoughts on abortion are not something that can be changed by protests.  It is an issue that challenges the very core of our beliefs and morals.  People who fight for the life of the child are not in it to take Women's rights as the left portrays them, they are fighting for the lives of those who cannot fight for themselves.  People who fight for the right to choose are fighting for their right to control their bodies, in a world that so often tells women what they can and cannot do, not trying to avoid responsibility as the right says.  Both sides feel such intense feelings that their cause is righteous that I'm not sure ANY amount of protesting could ever change opinions.
$C: If you're going to hang everything on women reproductive rights you're going to fail hard.
$C: Good luck my friend, I hope the best for you!! :) 
$C: America looks a bit like a police state so you may be right but there won't be any results if you don't try anything.
$C: Just helping u/CreamyGoodnss with ideas here ;)


What's your alternative idea?
$C: >Well, for one, the electoral college. It literally erased the vote of 2.97 million people. That is abhorrent. If removing the college meant burning down an empty building I'd donate a gas can.  

   
No he was talking about losing votes to Russian influencE
$C: I'm Canadian, and you didn't answer my question. What do you think gives you the right to act so self-righteous? What have you done to earn your arrogance?
$C: In other news, the sky is blue. Are you going to answer the question or should I just give up?
$C: I know, I’m afraid you read my post as criticism of the existing activists and protest movements, it wasn’t meant that way, I’m sorry if it wasn’t worded correctly to make that clear. (Though I do think democratic senators and reps could be less timid)

I was more intending to respond to the idea of “there’s no point so why bother” and point out that history has already shown the way on this one. 
$C: So was the police using ambulances as a secret weapons cache/rolling armory for their riot gear. But guess who gets the medal and guess who gets the finger...
$C: awful things to say didn't bother you guys enough to march on Washington by the masses.
$C: I ask two questions about someone's statement and you assume there is a lack of understanding of at-will employment? I was questioning who the "powers" are and who is getting worked to "exhaustion" against their will which is suggested above. Also, who recommended not showing up for work? What are you talking about?
$C: Lies.
$C: > your harping on "women! women! women!" is tiresome.

Try *being a woman* who people continually try to discredit despite being incredibly qualified. *That* is tiresome. The number of people who voted for Obama and made every excuse not to vote for Hillary is tiresome. Having a treasonous serial sexual aggressor as president is tiresome.

Go back and watch the 2016 debates. Hillary is fucking right on almost every criticism of Trump. She literally explains that he is compromised by Russia--repeatedly. She's not a magician; she is a competent, astute person who listens to factual information. It's frustrating to hear her called hawkish when her opponent seemed to foam at the mouth just thinking about nuclear weapons, has derided our closest allies, and seems oddly complimentary toward dictatorships. 

While we're talking tiresome...Hell, being a woman in America is tiresome. Having to explain why coded language is obviously sexist is tiresome. Doing emotional labor for people who can't or won't do it themselves is tiresome. Fighting to be a contributor rather than a token is tiresome. I live with it anyway. You can, too. 

> I haven't looked into the legalities of impeachment...Armchair people whine about impeachment all the freaking time.

Whining? We're calling for the the government to do its job and remove an unfit president. *The government exists to serve the people*, not vice versa. Republicans, on Thursday, acted to obstruct the obtaining of a subpoena to hear what went on in Monday's Putin/Trump meeting. These "leaders" aren't leading, they are obstructing.

You just admitted you have done no research on impeachment and then impugned the opinions of those who have. Educate yourself or don't, but don't attack those of us who are looking to solve this problem in a fashion *provided for in our Constitution*. 
$C: The conversation was to stop making excuses. If you truly can't go because you are a hostage, then so be it. But don't discourage other people who can go. Do you understand it now? Stop making excuses for the American citizens. There is always something you can do, other countries have done it while in more danger and with more restraints. If you don't go it is mostly by choice. Only few americans can really not go, it is impossible that they can't even find 0,1% of their population to protest march. You guys are making too many excuses
$C: Registered independent. Democrats don't have a strong direction right now but they aren't truly lost like the republicans. Your position is whatever trump says it is. Republicans are in bed with a hostile nation. It will take a long time for me to respect the Republican Party after these last few years. 
$C: Which ever one that doesn't want to retaliate against the country trying to sway elections. We don't have to go to war hombre. 
$C: So by simply existing in my country and paying taxes somehow makes me complicit in my countries illegal activities. Jesus fucking Christ. You clearly understand that if I don't pay my taxes, I go to jail. So????  

Where are you from? 
$C: Ya, it's fascinating to watch them slowly relent on these basic facts. It's pretty predictable. 

1. Global warming is not happening
2. It is maybe a little, but we don't know how much. And I mean, what does it even mean? 
3. OK, it's clearly happening, but it's not caused by humans.
4. Alright, it's caused by humans, but can't be that bad. <---- I've seen more and more people land here recently.
5. Global warming is good! Some places need the warmth. (Yes, I've sadly heard this before.) 
6. Alright, it's terrible, but too late to do anything about it now.
$C: Ah. I haven't heard about Glenn Beck in a while. Society's gateway drug into Alex Jones.
$C: I turn them on every once in awhile to roll my eyes hard. Beck used to have a pretty entertaining show but went off the deep end into doom and gloom.

That said, the guy still sticks to his convictions and hates Trump and Breitbart with a fiery passion.
$C: Oh man it all makes sense now! My mom’s a die-hard Beck fan and watches old episodes repeatedly that she’d recorded. 

Told me Obama was going to devalue our currency so she freeze-dried stacks of 100’s and buried them in jars in her yard. Helped her move a few years ago and found some on top of cupboards along with gold and silver rounds in film canisters tucked in barn rafters. For some reason she also has nickels or dimes she says she can melt down to use for trade or some crap. 

Don’t get me started on the bomb shelter filled with now-rotting food or the 27-states she carries a CCW in yet doesn’t know how to load a gun. 
$C: Because mostly old people listen to am radio, and Fear-mongering is super effective against that demo.
$C: The two things have nothing to do with each other. Obama was sort of shitty and imperialist, and trump is a weird white supremacist. Preference for either is irrelevant, they’re not ice cream flavors, they’re both heads of the biggest armies that are currently occupying (invading) a bunch of countries. Comparable is not a thing here, they both suck because the position as a default sucks.

Before you get on it, Canada is represented by a neo liberal; we got problems too.
$C: I guess it’s this weird need to add “well at least he’s not...” it the same shit trump supporters are about. He’s the head of a capitalist, weirdo country. He’s okay I guess, but still sort of meh, no?
$C: Right. What’s your point? It’s valid criticism. Who cares if it’s beating a dead horse? He’s the head of an imperialist country, and continued that ethos. Those are just facts, no? You can appreciate their domestic policy and still dislike their foreign policies. Maybe this is why your country is so fucked; because you’re on your teams and can’t take anything.
$C: Have a good time licking boots!
$C: Apologies here, I totally misread originally. In fact, I think I was trying to reply to the post you replied to: my point being that the birther conspiracy nonsense couldn't come from policy, only racism. We're in agreement.

Sorry for the fuck-up, I'll edit the original.
$C: Stop dancing around what's actually being said. One cannot argue with trump supporters without them disengaging in a tiff or getting more and more upset. There is no common reality where one can support trump and have moral systems that are based in logic and fact. So if soemoen brought up being a trump supporter to me, do you think I'm gonna let them rave on about clinton and obama? OR am I meant to deconstruct their worldview in a way that they'll be happy with? it's not gonna happen. Either you're ok with banning all muslims from coming into the US or you're not. Either you're ok with babies in cages or you're not. Either you're ok with sucking up to putin while dismissing our own intelligence agencies or you're not. People don't need to be expected to debate at every eventuality, especially with people who reveal themselves to be at best ignorant and simply likely malignant. 
$C: And not everyone will react the same way. I like to think I could have a calm political discussion with someone who holds different opinions, but do I know that they'll be able and willing to keep it calm on their end? If I don't, it's usually not worth the risk or effort.
$C:  I'm a Jew. I meet people who think Jews want to take over the world. I understand their view enough to know that I don't want to hear more... But I will let them talk about something else! Preferably something they know about...
$C: Your opinion is naivete.
$C: You do know you're allowed to say no to a cconversation right? Someone doesn't have to talk to to u about X unless they want to. Saying u don't wanna talk about something is 100% valid. 
$C: > Why do you have to convince someone about your political/religion views? 

https://www.pbs.org/wgbh/frontline/film/class-divided/

To summarise, Following the assassination of Martin Luther King, a school teacher in Iowa wanted to help her third graders better understand prejudice. She began her experimental lesson by dividing the seven year olds into two groups based on their eye color. Blue-eyed children, she told them, were better in every way than brown-eyed children. Brown-eyed children were stupid and violent and would have to wear fabric collars so they could be easily identified.

In less than five minutes, Elliot watched her “marvelous, wonderful, cooperative children turn into nasty vicious discriminating little third graders.” The following day, she turned the tables, telling them that she’d made a mistake and that brown-eyed children were actually better than blue-eyed children. The results were exactly the same even when the discriminating became the discriminated.

The experiment shows that we as humans very quickly put people in boxes and derive important aspects of our identity from those boxes. People who are like us and in the same boxes as us are "amazing" while others are "idiots". This should be quite clear in today's political climate in the US, the UK etc.

This is why one shouldn't talk about politics / religion. Most people cannot and do not make a conscious choice to ignore our primal instincts and automatically make judgements about the other based on their affiliations whether political or religious.  


You don't have to convince anyone but one should know that you never will be able to. You can try to learn about the other but most people will make judgements based on their affiliations and maybe you won't make that judgement, chance are high that the other person will leading to conflict.



The best solution is to avoid the topics because it gains nothing yet may adversely affect the relationship.

 
$C: What is the explanation for Trump continuing to think and say it was anyone but the Russians?
$C: You keep saying views and politics. You support a traitor. Don't expect people to be pleasantly arguing why you do so. I have spent far, far too much time arguing with these people, some of whom I am related to, and every conversation has either ended in their annoyed silence without being able to argue anymore, saying well I support him as a fitting conclusion, or just getting more and more angry. 
$C: I think he’s talking about anyone with a firmly held contrary belief.
$C: Yes, I'm aware of what hacking is, which is why a lot of these facts seem very questionable to me.  

&nbsp;

Linking people to fake websites that look like real websites in order to gather passwords has been called *phishing* since the 90s, not *spear phishing*, and so adding the word spear there looks very much to me like someone intentionally trying to complicate the situation.

&nbsp;

As far as I am aware, the 12 Russians indicted supposedly work for the Russian government and the Russian government was interested in meddling in US elections.  If this is all true, then we are expected to believe that the Russian government utilizes people with very poor computer skills, skills so poor that they were caught red handed and positively identified while doing what they were doing.  Did these hackers have their webcams on and they were sharing their identification to the people while they were accessing the DNC servers?  Realistically, if I wanted to access the DNC servers for shits and giggles, it would probably be a good idea for me to route my traffic through a Russian ip address, so Petrov can be blamed for my mischief.

&nbsp;

This aspect is just mind-numbingly ridiculous for me to buy.  If the 12 Russians indicted actually did this, then the DNC absolutely F*cked up by putting sensitive data together on a server and letting idiots have access to it who would fall for phishing schemes and hand that sensitive data over to anybody.  I wasn't even aware that social security numbers were on that server (why have them there?); again, that falls absolutely on the DNC...  If these 12 Russians could be caught this easily, then it was merely a matter of time before that DNC server was compromised..  might as well just put all that data into envelopes and mail it to all your enemies.

&nbsp;

If the 12 indicted Russians didn't do it... Either the FBI is retarded, or they are deliberately lying to the American people.  Anyone with decent hacking skills would not get caught hacking into a system in that way, and there's virtually no way to identify who is in front of the computer.  As I said, I already have suspicions here because the FBI does have rules for chain of custody, and taking data from a third party as evidence is not a part of those rules.  We're talking about hackers who can break into servers and steal data and alter data.... So chain of custody is even more important in this topic.

&nbsp;

I agree that the Facebook thing was a small thing.  If it had any effect on the election, then that's a concern about free speech.  I also suggested that the large media companies are a concern to me because they certainly influence people, and I am quite suspicious that they're interested in sharing the truth.  They are businesses first and foremost.  Even when they say something incorrect, and choose to redact what they said previously, the damage is basically already done.  And I don't have a good solution for this situation which is also fair.  I think it's just a fact of life we have to accept that people will be trying to alter the way we think, and that they probably do not have our best interests in mind.

&nbsp;

I can also agree with you that these issues aren't necessarily either or.  However, we also don't have an infinite amount of time and resources.  If the DNC released 500k social security numbers, but Equifax released 298,000,000 social security numbers, which issue do you find more pressing?  Yet, I see all discussion on that topic is pretty much dead.  And I do agree with you that social security being used for identity is ridiculous, but that's how we live now.
$C: It says that undocumented persons are legally allowed to vote in school board elections. 

So that's not voter fraud at all.
$C: I hate Trump. As much as anyone, and enjoy mocking him as much as anyone.

The problem of your generalization is apparent here again by assuming that your ideas are so right that anyone who disageees with you must be a Trump supporter. 

You can keep going on the internet with your absurdly arrogant rhetoric but you will only serve to make the future political climate more volatile and future compromise more unachievable. 

There's a reason this kind of stuff is on the internet more than anywhere else. Anonymity emboldens people like you to be more and more of an arrogant ass. 

Get some humility and get off the internet with your "activism".
$C: [removed]
$C: [removed]
$C: Well that certainly was a sequence of words
$C: Christ, my head hurts from having to read someone this ignorant bash schools. 
$C: Yes, and like most extremely simple ideas that you can come up with without any knowledge of what you’re talking about, it’s useless.  Look at how many dudes who don’t understand physics have designed free energy machines, and then look at the number of working free energy machines.  Don’t be a victim of Dunning-Kruger.
$C: You’re not very good at this lol
$C: [deleted]
$C: It's a prequel meme...

> only the sith deal in absolutes
$C: Anybody elected to the highest office in the land is automatically part of the establishment
$C: I clarified and specified why the FOIA request is nonsensical in the comment.

My main complaint is not the lack of data, it is the lack of basic knowledge on the part of the the person making this video.

I know you are an anti- or at best a somewhat neutral person looking in on this, which is fine, but I beg of you, be equally critical of both sides. Don't take his word over mine or mine over his. Take all the days, weeks you need reading and researching this comment. If you have questions, ask me them, google them or research them, and provide me with the outcome.

You and I both want to learn, but please, please, please, do so unbiasedly, or it would be for naught.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Why not?

Who can tell the worth of a man by looking at him?

No one.
$C: Strange, still don't see any evidence of the KKK on masse openly supporting a single presidential candidate
$C: Byrd had disavowed the white supremacist involvement of his youth. Your article is largely about the 1920s, except for an Alabama governor in 1958.


Your article says Reagan responded to the KKK endorsement with:


>"Those of us in public life can only resent the use of our names by those who seek political recognition for the repugnant doctrines of hate they espouse," Reagan said. "The politics of racial hatred and religious bigotry practiced by the Klan and others have no place in this country, and are destructive of the values for which America has always stood."


Trump, by comparison, switched between  "David Duke endorsed me? OK. Alright. I disavow. OK?" and pretending he didn't know who Duke was. Then his [campaign signs and merch](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/0-ldnkxjypA/maxresdefault.jpgloo) were at a [Neo-Nazi](http://prospect.org/sites/default/files/styles/thumbnail/public/20170812_113955_1_1.jpg?itok=MO81laNg) rally. Is there anything similar in modern times?
$C: Doesn't make sense. The single defining feature of Christianity is believing in the divinity of Christ, let's not get mixed up here. Shit, John the Baptist was probably the first Christian
$C: No one said that either, and that was a shitty attempt to throw off the topic. Try harder. 
$C: I think you've spelled incorrectly there, mate
$C: They started the program 55 years ago, they never ended it.  It’s called mind control.  Are you trying to tell me the most advanced intelligence agency in the entire world would just sit there and let a highly funded project go to the wayside?  Ok then.  Here we go again.  Ready?  

https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/may/05/cia-long-history-kill-leaders-around-the-world-north-korea

Well, the US is evil right?  Perhaps because of our evil intelligence “community”?

Gee, I wonder who has been taking on the entire establishment for a long time now??????????? 
$C: I don't follow that logic at all.

Goodbye :)
$C: You’re a fucking moron. The American Democratic Party is center right 
$C: Oh come on that revolving revolution shit is literally word for word CIA talkpoints. If revolution didn't work we'd still be getting impaled on the regular outside the city gates by the Assyrians.
$C: Oh fuck off, you don't sound half as smart as you think you do.
$C: [looking at the subs you post in, its kinda easy to tell](https://i.imgur.com/IBalaNJ.jpg)
$C: I'm not your dude, friend.
$C: I mean, the imperial presidency has been a thing since Nixon at least, probably Ike. It was a post world war 2 accident of history with a large helping of avarice and leftover munitions.
$C: It's just because congress, the ones who are supposed to be constantly checking his power, won't do shit and they just let him run amuck like the parents of a spoiled kid they're scared to say no to.
$C: If he is capable of not committing treason, and can represent America in the world stage with some professionalism and class, he'd be miles better than the guy we've got now. I'll hate his policy decisions, but at least he'll be able to hold the office with some professionalism.

I guess the bar has been lowered.
$C: I'd take a man educated and intelligent enough to be able to spell Collusion.
$C: [Here's a thread from /r/Indiana on Mike Pence.](https://www.reddit.com/r/Indiana/comments/4u6qfr/why_is_mike_pence_disliked_in_indiana/)
$C: I want that link too
$C: The thing is I don't know who to trust. The intelligence community is tainted too! This article we just read is a leak from within. There are bad guys everywhere.
$C: > I don't like Hillary I never will. 

All because she didn't leave Bill, or what?



>And I'll never vote for a democrat or a Republican when the sides are so polar opposite. Give me someone in the middle.


What is "middle" to you?



>As far as Trump and his womanizing, I wasn't aware of any before the election, and held no feelings for him either way.


You said you lost all respect for Hillary when she didn't leave her husband. It sounds like you weren't really paying attention before the election.



>But once again, tell me where I said I voted for him. I'll wait.

>Perhaps you need to take a reading comprehension course.


you, earlier:


>I had to vote against her, which was in turn handing a vote to Trump.



So, six one, half dozen the other...
$C: 😂
$C: Since redistricting can only happen after the federal census every 10 years, our ability to compare the parties' Gerrymandering efforts is difficult, especially since only the Republicans were able to leverage advanced demographic data only available in the past few years. I'd be disappointed in my fellow democrats if they hadn't taken advantage of the same situation. Suffice to say, the districts in California are heavily skewed Democratic. I'm a California Democrat, so that makes me happy.

This *really is* something that both sides take part in, it would be intellectually dishonest to pretend otherwise. We're happy when it goes our way, but miffed when it doesn't.
$C: For one he had said many times Russia was responsible for election meddling. Secondly, Trump has punished Russia for it. Third, many other countries meddle in our elections and we meddle in many other countries elections. It's what world powers do. Fourth, I'm more concerned that the previous president seemingly did nothing to stop it and said a month before the election that it was impossible to rig our elections then did a complete 180° when his party lost. Fifth, the hyoerfocus on Russia and the attempting of the Presidents opponents to subvert the will of the American people by crying impeachment every time Trump breathes is doing more to undermine our Democracy than anything Trump has said or done. 
$C: Oh I agree with that

I'm just saying if the opportunity is there. If not, full steam ahead with whomever is willing to get these goddamn traitors out. 
$C: “I know Russia attacked American infrastructure including voting machines but as far as you know they didn’t change *your* vote, right?”

or

“I know Bin Ladin attacked the Twin Towers but he didn’t attack *your* house, right?”
$C: Remember all of those FB articles claiming anyone who was to speak to the FBI during Hillary’s investigation ended up committing suicide with two bullets to the back of the head?

It was a running gag that any witnesses would end up dead. 

Pizzagate? How easy is it to instigate the paranoia of 4chan?

Those were the types of articles the Russians fed into social media. 

They didn’t have to be overt. They used the public’s naïveté against them. 
$C: Isn't the idea that you can't tell at face value who did what? 
$C: Election meddling isn’t obtuse enough for the target audience to be aware of, otherwise it wouldn’t be effective. We don’t know what Putin did. How could an honest response even be given to your question?
$C: Hahaha thanks so much, I needed a laugh tonight and kept scrolling looking for someone to mention his non-historian-ness.
$C: It was like a boxing match and Trump was the...
$C: I completely agree. It was meant as kind of a joke. I'm staying out of those snake pits.
$C: I've had sleepless nights over the fact that my parents are on board with that shit.  Feels like I've lost them completely tbh
$C: Maybe, if they're planning on committing mass seppuku sometime soon. 
$C: If it was the entire world against the US military, the US would easily win. I mean most of humanity would cease to exist but the US wouldn't lose any war as is currently stands.

The world'd strongest military combined with a militia and 300 million guns.
$C: True, but it's still interesting looking back at it with the interference in mind wondering what changed and why.
$C: LOL nope it wouldn't. You need only go so far back as the spanish civil war, the yugoslavian wars, to find soldiers "just following orders" and shooting at fellow countrymen.

Of course you wouldn't find anyone doing it "gladly". But war has that particularity of changing one's mind. Lets say that the immediate families of soldiers would be moved into special "safe" camps? Would you risk disobeying orders to attack enemy civilians under those circumstances? 

And propaganda has some amazing effects. No one would be shooting at their fellow americans, you'd be shooting at "dirty libruls" or "conservatards".
$C: >That's a fair point, however in those situations having better training and tech definetely helps

It helps, but trying to find the one guy who's picking your soldiers off with a rifle in a city is a nightmare, especially when there are so many guns in the US that every time you kick in the door of a house or apartment there's a 1/3 chance the guy behind the door has a gun.

And if it came to that point you'd probably have at least part of the US military refuse to follow orders and join the guerrillas, and then things would go full Syria.
$C: This is starting to sound like to disinfo to discourage voting. 
$C: International security? Healthcare? 
Many Fortune 100 companies are the ones that will be worst hit by the tariffs?
$C: [deleted]
$C: [deleted]
$C: That's misdirection.  The point has never been about Trump interfering in the election. 

The point is he *knew* that a *foreign government* had interfered in the election and chose to lie about it for his own gain and the gain of that foreign government.

He accepted our highest office, knowing it was because of foreign interference, and shat on the duty and responsibility it represents.  He is not serving the interests of the American people, and is actively sabotaging our nation on the world stage.  Why are you still defending him?  

If anyone else -- Obama, Hillary -- were in this exact situation, would you be blindly defending them, or would you be calling treason?  Personally, I'd *still* be calling bullshit because no matter who is pulling this garbage, it's still bullshit.
$C: This is whataboutism. The person you're replying to said nothing about Islam so this is clearly off topic. The point remains that Trump is being very friendly with the head of a country that is known for human rights abuses, as well as hostile actions directed toward the US.
$C: what?

ABOUTISM, THATS WHAT
$C: I just want to acknowledge that this is a wonderful post my friend, and I'm saving it to give myself a little boost when I need it.
$C: Thank you for this. I’ve become so pessimistic over the last few months that it was nice to feel a little hopeful again for a moment. 
$C: I have many years before I finish school so hopefully things do look up by then! I will check out that podcast, I could use a bit more positivity in my life.

I do hope things turn around! I am not all doom and gloom, its just hard being positive when there is shit raining down on your head, ya know?
$C: Great, just leave the disadvantaged who have no hope of escape here to bleed out. How patriotic. 
$C: I DID. And we got TRUMP. That doesn't work, we tried it.
$C: Without really going into my opinion of "rich white men", I think the idea of "rich white men ruining democracy" in a vacuum is divisive. 

But I think they made a decent point this demographic seems to be held in higher regard, and thus given more power by the GOP. History has often been written by the victors; those with money and advantaged by white supremacy in the USA.
$C: I'm not pointing out that other people need help. I'm saying rich white men don't need it. The fact that they can put their candidate in office to the detriment of the rest of us is the whole issue. Why do you feel the need to defend the group that needs the least defending?
$C: Oh shit, /u/Hidden__Troll was just /r/MurderedByWords 
$C: >She did not. The one that people keep whining about wound up being the fourth-most-watched debate of the cycle.

Fourth most watched out of 9 total? How about in specific, vote important regions like Iowa where it took place? The Iowa debate was on a Saturday at 8pm during the biggest game they, it was of utmost importance to reschedule it for a better time, but it helps and shields a frontrunner candidate to not do so. Clinton won Iowa 49.9% to 49.6%.

The DNC was at the time threatening to bar candidates from sanctioned debates if they participated in unsanctioned ones.

>She resigned because these all came out immediately before the convention - which, we know, was planned by Wikileaks to maximize division between Sanders supporters and the rest. I think she was a shitty DNC chair, but she was clearly thrown under the bus.

Lol no she resigned because the leaked emails were damning and they *show* that the DNC played favorites, conspiring against Bernie to give Clinton more points.

“It might may no difference, but for KY and WVA can we get someone to ask his belief. Does he believe in a God,” wrote Brad Marshall, the chief financial officer of the committee. “He had skated on saying he has a Jewish heritage. I think I read he is an atheist. This could make several points difference with my peeps.”
https://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/23/us/politics/dnc-emails-sanders-clinton.html?ref=politics

>DNC chairs are elected, not appointed.

Congrats, so are world cup hosts. Lets not be naive here and pretend political favors are not a thing.

>It was completely ceremonial to let her save a little face.

Why would the Clinton campaign worry about the DNC chair saving face? Maybe because her being chair benefited them and turning their back on her now that she had been outed would only hurt them more.

>Donna fucking Brazile's overblown attention-seeking blows a fundraising agreement way out of proportion.

Yes the same Donna Brazile that gave clinton questions to a debate beforehand
https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/donna-brazile-leaves-cnn/
probably wrote that piece to save a little face of her own.
It doesn't mean we should downplay the fact that

"It had become dependent on her campaign for survival, for which she expected to wield control of its operations."
https://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2017/11/02/clinton-brazile-hacks-2016-215774

>some hiring decisions

Dude that makes all the difference in the fucking world. She wasn't president, she should have no say in the hiring decisions of the DNC. Why are you downplaying this?

“Wait,” I said. “That victory fund was supposed to be for whoever was the nominee, and the state party races. You’re telling me that Hillary has been controlling it since before she got the nomination?”

Gary said the campaign had to do it or the party would collapse."

^ This is unethical at best.

>trying to steal data from her chief competitor? Wait, that was Bernie.

lol it was a glitch in their system that allowed both campaigns to access eachother's information. It wasn't Bernie "trying to steal data." It was a staffer that accessed the data after the glitch, and guess what, he got fucking fired for it. But you bet your ass Clinton went with that story and milked it good, and I see it worked well for her.

>Hillary treated Bernie with such kid gloves it was ridiculous.

Implying your opponent is a misogynist when much of the dem voter base is female is not "kid gloves".

>What is disgraceful is how easily people will repeat long-debunked bullshit without ever looking to see if the facts support the assertions.

What's disgraceful is some people like to pretend bullshit doesn't happen behind the scenes. Collusion with media outlets, how to frame coverage of a political candidate, how much airtime to give a candidate, who to talk about after the debate, who to declare "winners of a debate," these are all things the DNC has connections to as evidenced by DWS's correspondance with major media outlets. Maybe no conversation of that sort ever took place. Or a little nudge here, a little nudge there, it adds up. And it isn't fair to then ask "WELL FIND WHAT THEY DID", that is obviously an impossible task, but the evidence is there that the DNC wanted one candidate over another. It is apparently too much to ask nowadays for the leadership of a party to be impartial.


But look, even pretending nothing went on, don't you think at the very least the DNC should've *portrayed* an image of unity, of impartiality, to help the eventual democratic nominee gain their dem opponent's votes in the general election? The DNC was a mess, and none of the shit that went on behind the scenes, the subject of conversations, etc, nothing of that sort should've even been allowed to happen. It failed spectacularly and I think that played a much larger role in allowing the wikileaks leaks to be so effective. 
$C: Nope didn't offend. I agree 100%. I'll definitely keep fighting the good fight, and I'm pretty happy with the wave of true progressives joining the party after being inspired by Bernie's policies. Hopefully November goes our way.
$C: Sorry, I provided proof that the DNC could've made it easy and not confusing for California voters. Instead, they deliberately made it absurdly difficult to "properly" cast ballots. I posted the proof in the video. It is filled with numerous volunteers in the DNC primary that were disgusted by what they saw.  
$C: It means people are fucking stupid across the board and we can't continue to have this bullshit superdelegate system influencing the general public's inept minds to vote for whosoever bought those superdelegates. It made Sanders look like he had zero chance and what do you know? He went on to become the most POPULAR POLITICIAN IN AMERICA.
$C: Same.
$C: Here ya go:
 https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/5t7d19/petition_make_keith_ellison_chairman_of_the_dnc/ddl4sg7/
$C: The DNC is bought and paid for by neoliberal interests and is directly responsible for the rightward shift in the overton window over the last generation.  The fact that we currently have a reactionary President is on them.  Period.  Attempts to shift the party back to the left have been met with obstinate roadblocks at every turn.  The mandarins of the party would much rather lose to Republicans and remain a perpetual opposition than allow the Alexandrias and Sanders of the world take over the party.

Jamie Dimon and the corporate neoliberals of America have a conservative party to go to.  They don't need two.

The DNC rigged it narrative is going to exist, and rightfully so, as long as people like Jamie Dimon have more influence in the Democratic party than working people.
$C: stay mad and poor, kid.

"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""knows far more than i do"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
$C: [deleted]
$C: What happened on those days?
$C: Why not both!

Maybe it is a couple that is doing the research together. 
$C: That’s pretty cool, I like that 
$C: I find it incredibly ironic that white supremacists think they are the only people who want racial purity and don't realize that there might be other individuals of other races that feel they are the supreme race too and would want to eliminate all other races other than their own.

Stupid is as stupid does.
$C: A lot of people don't realize that east Asians and south Asians are incredibly racist. People will think less of you there for not being from the right region.
$C: You’re right in a sense. His argument is wrong, not his conclusion. His argument is illegitimate or illogical so his conclusion is irrelevant. His conclusion isn’t worth considering because his argument is not logical and can’t be shown to have value. 
$C: Mandela effect in action ;) 

Happy cake day\~
$C: > He is going to vote whether you downvote him or not.

The grim reality is that some opinions won't change anymore now. It's the non-voters that need to be convinced.
$C: Formatting, unless you're trying to convince people not to read what you wrote.

Also, it's not both sides.

edit: Mobile users sorry for the fucked up formatting, not sure how to fix. Here's a link for mobile users: http://bothsidesarenotthesame.com via /u/ThisIsCharlieWork 

Here's the proof for all the people who think it's "both sides".



---

There's also a lot of false equivalence of Democrats and Republicans here ("but both sides!" and Democrats "do whatever their corporate owners tell them to do" are tactics Republicans use successfully) even though their voting records are not equivalent at all:

**[House Vote for Net Neutrality 2011](https://www.govtrack.us/congress/votes/112-2011/h252)**

 |For|Against 
   -|-|-
**Rep**|  2|**234**
**Dem**|**177**|  6

**[Senate Vote for Net Neutrality 2011](https://www.govtrack.us/congress/votes/112-2011/s200)**

 |For|Against 
   -|-|-
**Rep**|  0|  **46**
**Dem** |**52**|  0

#**Money in Elections and Voting**

**[Campaign Finance Disclosure Requirements](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/32154)**

 |For|Against 
   -|-|-
**Rep**|   0|**39**
**Dem**|**59**|  0 

**[DISCLOSE Act](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/41152)**

 |For|Against 
   -|-|-
**Rep**|  0|**45**
**Dem**|**53**|  0

**[Backup Paper Ballots - Voting Record](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/21011)**

 |For|Against 
   -|-|-
**Rep**|  20|**170**
**Dem** |**228**|  0

**[Bipartisan Campaign Reform Act](http://clerk.house.gov/evs/2002/roll034.xml)**

 |For|Against 
   -|-|-
**Rep**|8|**38**
**Dem**|**51**|3 

**[Sets reasonable limits on the raising and spending of money by electoral candidates to influence elections](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/49906)** (Reverse Citizens United)

 |For|Against 
   -|-|-
**Rep**|  0|**42**
**Dem** |**54**|  0

#**The Economy/Jobs**

**[Limits Interest Rates for Certain Federal Student Loans](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/45797)** 

 |For|Against 
   -|-|-
**Rep**|  0|**46**
**Dem**|**46**|  6

**[Student Loan Affordability Act](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/44550)**

 |For|Against 
   -|-|-
**Rep**|  0|**51**
**Dem**|**45**|  1

**[Low-Income Home Energy Assistance Funding Amendment](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/9034)** 

 |For|Against 
   -|-|-
**Rep**|  1|**41**
**Dem**|**54**|  0

**[End the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/30296)** 

 |For|Against 
   -|-|-
**Rep**|**39**|  1
**Dem**|  1| **54**

**[Kill Credit Default Swap Regulations](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/30364)**

 |For|Against 
   -|-|-
**Rep**|**38**|   2 
**Dem**|  18|**36** 

**[Revokes tax credits for businesses that move jobs overseas](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/49616)** 

 |For|Against 
   -|-|-
**Rep**|  10|**32**
**Dem**|**53**|  1

**[Disapproval of President's Authority to Raise the Debt Limit](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/37606)**

 |For|Against 
   -|-|-
**Rep**|**233**|   1 
**Dem**|  6|**175** 

**[Disapproval of President's Authority to Raise the Debt Limit](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/37876)**

 |For|Against 
   -|-|-
**Rep**|**42**|   1 
**Dem**|  2|**51**  

**[Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/23361)**

 |For|Against 
   -|-|-
**Rep**|  3|**173**
**Dem**|**247**|  4

**[Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/23313)**

 |For|Against 
   -|-|-
**Rep**|  4|**36**
**Dem**|**57**|  0

**[Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Bureau Act](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/30346)** 

 |For|Against 
   -|-|-
**Rep**|  4 |**39**
**Dem**|**55**|  2| 

**[American Jobs Act of 2011 - $50 billion for infrastructure projects](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/36879)**

 |For|Against 
   -|-|-
**Rep**|  0|**48**
**Dem**|**50**|  2

**[Emergency Unemployment Compensation Extension](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/46392)**

 |For|Against 
   -|-|-
**Rep**|  1|**44**
**Dem**|**54**|  1

**[Reduces Funding for Food Stamps](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/40315)**

 |For|Against 
   -|-|-
**Rep**|**33**|   13
**Dem**|  0|**52**

**[Minimum Wage Fairness Act](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/47753)**

 |For|Against 
   -|-|-
**Rep**|  1|**41**
**Dem**|**53**|  1

**[Paycheck Fairness Act](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/32830)**

 |For|Against 
   -|-|-
**Rep**|  0|**40**
**Dem**|**58**|  1

#**"War on Terror"**

**[Time Between Troop Deployments](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/15831)**

 |For|Against 
   -|-|-
**Rep**|  6|**43**
**Dem**|**50**|  1

**[Habeas Corpus for Detainees of the United States](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/15833)**

 |For|Against 
   -|-|-
**Rep**|  5|**42**
**Dem**|**50**|  0

**[Habeas Review Amendment](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/8730)**

 |For|Against 
   -|-|-
**Rep**|   3|**50**
**Dem**|**45**|  1 

**[Prohibits Detention of U.S. Citizens Without Trial](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/37420)**

 |For|Against 
   -|-|-
**Rep**|  5|**42**
**Dem**|**39**|  12

**[Authorizes Further Detention After Trial During Wartime](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/37433)**

 |For|Against 
   -|-|-
**Rep**|**38**|  2
**Dem**|  9| **49**

**[Prohibits Prosecution of Enemy Combatants in Civilian Courts](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/37095)**

 |For|Against 
   -|-|-
**Rep**|**46**|  2
**Dem**|  1|**49**

**[Repeal Indefinite Military Detention](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/48229)**

 |For|Against 
   -|-|-
**Rep**|15|**214**
**Dem**|**176**|  16

**[Oversight of CIA Interrogation and Detention Amendment](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/8795)**

 |For|Against 
   -|-|-
**Rep**|   1|**52**
**Dem** |**45**|   1

**[Patriot Act Reauthorization](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/35224)**

 |For|Against 
   -|-|-
**Rep**|**196**|  31
**Dem** |  54|**122**

**[FISA Act Reauthorization of 2008](http://clerk.house.gov/evs/2008/roll437.xml)**

 |For|Against 
   -|-|-
**Rep**|**188**|   1 
**Dem**|  105|**128**

**[FISA Reauthorization of 2012](http://www.govtrack.us/congress/votes/112-2012/h569)**

 |For|Against 
   -|-|-
**Rep**|**227**|   7 
**Dem**|  74|**111**

**[House Vote to Close the Guantanamo Prison](http://clerk.house.gov/evs/2013/roll237.xml)**

 |For|Against 
   -|-|-
**Rep**|  2|**228**
**Dem** |**172**|  21

**[Senate Vote to Close the Guantanamo Prison](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/46301)**

 |For|Against 
   -|-|-
**Rep**|  3|**32**
**Dem** | **52**|  3

**[Prohibits the Use of Funds for the Transfer or Release of Individuals Detained at Guantanamo](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/42002)**

 |For|Against 
   -|-|-
**Rep**|**44**|  0
**Dem**|  9| **41**

**[Oversight of CIA Interrogation and Detention](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/8795)**

 |For|Against 
   -|-|-
**Rep**|   1|**52**
**Dem**|**45**|  1 

#**Civil Rights**

**[Same Sex Marriage Resolution 2006](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/11729)** 

 |For|Against 
   -|-|-
**Rep**|  6|**47**
**Dem**|**42**|  2

**[Employment Non-Discrimination Act of 2013](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/46286)** 

 |For|Against 
   -|-|-
**Rep**|  1|**41**
**Dem**|**54**|  0

**[Exempts Religiously Affiliated Employers from the Prohibition on Employment Discrimination Based on Sexual Orientation and Gender Identity](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/46288)** 

 |For|Against 
   -|-|-
**Rep**|**41**|  3
**Dem**|  2| **52**

#**Family Planning**

**[Teen Pregnancy Education Amendment](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/8830)**

 |For|Against 
   -|-|-
**Rep**|  4|**50**
**Dem**|**44**|  1

**[Family Planning and Teen Pregnancy Prevention](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/20713)**

 |For|Against 
   -|-|-
**Rep**|  3|**51**
**Dem**|**44**|  1

**[Protect Women's Health From Corporate Interference Act](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/49362)** The 'anti-Hobby Lobby' bill. 

 |For|Against 
   -|-|-
**Rep**|  3|**42**
**Dem**|**53**|  1

#**Environment**

**[Stop "the War on Coal" Act of 2012](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/41688)**

 |For|Against 
   -|-|-
**Rep**|**214**|13
**Dem**|  19|**162**

**[EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2013](https://votesmart.org/bill/votes/50594)**

 |For|Against 
   -|-|-
**Rep**|**225**|1
**Dem**|  4|**190**

**[Prohibit the Social Cost of Carbon in Agency Determinations](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/46997)**

 |For|Against 
   -|-|-
**Rep**|**218**|   2 
**Dem**|  4|**186**

#**Misc**

**[Prohibit the Use of Funds to Carry Out the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/43144)**

 |For|Against 
   -|-|-
**Rep**|**45**|   0 
**Dem**|  0|**52** 

**[Prohibiting Federal Funding of National Public Radio](http://votesmart.org/bill/votes/34089)**

 |For|Against 
   -|-|-
**Rep**|**228**|   7 
**Dem**|  0|**185** 

**[Allow employers to penalize employees that don't submit genetic testing for health insurance (Committee vote)](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/to-your-health/wp/2017/03/11/employees-who-decline-genetic-testing-could-face-penalities-under-proposed-bill/?utm_term=.33f566f5ce5c)**

 |For|Against 
   -|-|-
**Rep**|**22**|   0 
**Dem**|  0|**17**
$C: You are literally the first person in this discussion to mention "sides". Projecting much? 
$C: I doubt it'll matter if he can't pardon himself... I'm sure sure Pence will toss him a pre-emptive one on his way out (Gerald Ford style).    
$C: Plain text of the Constitution states that the President can pardon all Federal Offenses. There's no exception made for the President, and no statutes that apply an applicable modifier. The Case Law is nonexistent on this matter on the Federal Level. The *only* applicable cases about improper use of the Pardon Power are on the State and Municipal levels, dealing with Governors and Mayors pardoning themselves for State or Municipal infractions. 

In every case I've ever found, the State Courts found that Governors *do* have the right to Pardon themselves. State Court precedent is not **binding** on the Federal Level. *However*, as the State Courts are Courts of Competent Jurisdiction over those matters they ruled upon, their rulings are *persuasive* if introduced for consideration.

> ***Slightly Unrelated Note:*** I think there may be some more applicable Case Law in the English Canon. I've forgotten everything about it, but I *think* one of the British Monarchs **might** have exercised his Pardon Power upon himself before Abdicating. If that Case Law exists, you could *probably* cite it in US Court. I forget the procedural weirdness that comes with citing cases from England *before* we broke off.

There's a few Common Law things that *might* apply, but those are hard arguments to make. The *best* of those arguments comes from the Common Law Principle that one *cannot* be the Judge in their own Case. That Principle stands because we don't want sentencing and contempt power to rest in the hands of the defendant or plaintiff, because that would *fundamentally compromise the neutrality of the court*. Every Judge brings their biases with them, but that's just *blatantly* biased. 

**However**, I'm unpersuaded by that argument. The Pardon Power *is not* related to being a Judge. It's a means by which to grant Mercy when the Executive believes it is deserved, and it has historically used at the complete discretion of the Executive. That history stretches back to the *King of England*, since we just copy-pasted his Pardoning Power when we drafted the US Constitution. I doubt that an Appellate Court would be any more friendly towards the argument than I am.

Of course... there's also a practical element: This Case would hit the Supreme Court. Matters regarding Presidential Power rest within the Supreme Court's Original Jurisdiction, and as such they may pluck **any** Case pertaining to it from a lower court and rule on it themselves. The Supreme Court currently has *three* Politically Active Originalist Conservatives on it, and they're about to get a fourth. Meanwhile, Chief Justice Roberts is an Institutionalist Conservative. If the case hits the Supreme Court... they have the Votes they need to uphold the President's ability to pardon themselves. They *will* use them.

---

Now, on matters regarding his inability to pardon himself for State Crimes... **you are completely correct**. The best kind of correct. The President of the United States can *only* Pardon Federal Crimes. Trump can't do shit about whatever New York State decides to do to him once he isn't shielded by Soverign Immunity. He *might* be clinging to the Statute of Limitations as a shield... but the Equitable Tolling of the Statute of Limitations is in full effect so long as they can't bring suit against him.

If Muller dumps whatever he's got onto the New York Attorney General's desk, Trump is screwed... and you *know* that Muller is going to dump everything that he can the moment he believes that there's a real chance that he'll be fired.
$C: I've gone that same direction. Those people just want to argue, they aren't interested in learning anything. They think it's entertaining to argue with "liberals" and get them all twisted up. In reality, intelligent people just get exasperated trying to debate someone who doesn't have the slightest grasp on reality, logic, or critical thinking. So if you walk away without convincing them, they feel they've won. Congratulations, moron, you are happy with Trump as your president. You will carry the shame of history forever.

So now I'm just interested in educating those with open minds, like young people.
$C: One brief and unhostile comment, and you decided that I was "bitching" and that you know what's a better use of my time than I do, and that you understand gay politics better than I do. Yeah, you're not as supportive as you think.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Genuinely curious, what would happen after the fact? I was under the assumption that no matter the cause for impeachment, the vice president would take over.
$C: [deleted]
$C: the key assumption is that tariffs will continue to increase. many countries already had tariffs on the US to punish it for being such a great producer.  the key strategy behind the trade war is to develop the sentiment that america can't be imposed upon economically without identical retaliation.
$C: No.
$C: the tax cuts are not a supplement. they should have been there the whole time.
$C: The us economy hasnt been sustainable for several years though.
$C: tbh yeah. i sure am glad obama's secret sauce time delay^TM economic policies are taking full effect!
$C: denial of... what exactly? the data?
$C: If you can't answer, just say so, no need to be snarky as a replacement for lack of words.
$C: > Meanwhile, Mueller is coming.

lol.

> except that Democrats are going to take back control of the House

LOL.

> we destroy the source of their wealth by driving the cost per barrel of oil down?

LOOOOL, Then they turn off the pipelines to Europe...

This whole rant is peak delusion.
$C: Doubling down on being wrong is not a good look.
$C: Great news!

The book I mentioned also covers ad hominem attacks. And [I found a link](https://www.google.com/search?source=hp&ei=oXNQW4dOq7iCB8SyrbAD&q=illustrated+book+of+bad+arguments+pdf&oq=ilustrated+book+of+bad+&gs_l=psy-ab.1.0.0i13k1l3j0i13i30k1j0i13i5i30k1l6.794.4975.0.7130.26.24.1.0.0.0.112.1907.23j1.24.0....0...1c.1.64.psy-ab..1.25.1906.0..0j0i131k1j0i10k1j0i8i13i30k1.0.UP1yf6SZt_Q) to online versions for you if you don't want to purchase a hard copy.

:D 
$C: > Sure lets start with the pursuit of the ISIS campaign.
> One of the first things he did was devolve power away from the White House and gave it to field commanders as far as targets for air strikes goes. That was a big risk. Field commanders might make the wrong choice, or hit civilians by mistake. When the white house has to approve airstrikes it has to go from the field commander through many layers of bureaucracy on its way up which takes time. Time can cause the situation on the ground to change.

So, you feel that this is what defeated ISIS?

> very few years they get belligerent until we give them a bunch of money to go fuck off.

Really? Which administration did this? Because I dont think the DPRK has received anything but food aid for a long time.

> Trump this time worked with China and Russia who both share a border with North Korea and now they didn't get any food or cash but are calming the fuck down. 

What exactly is the DPRK doing differently?

>  You think you can get Putins help on North Korea if you have a crap relationship?

What exactly did Putin do to help with the DPRK situation?

> As for the economy that is self evident. Tax cuts led to investment.

Is it? Could you provide a source to support this claim.
$C: Ignoring your entire argument about Illinois, which is pretty stupid on the whole given the fact you have an R governor and lt governor anyway, and the fact you are applying Illinois, a state that has been known for corruption since forever, with the entire democratic party, which is one massive fallacy....

Ignoring your mindless and completely wrong insults....

*That argument has nothing to do with the original argument*. You disliking Democrats does not at all mean that your vote should be worth more than someone elses. Period. 

Your argument about Illinois is meaningless, it isn't supported by the rest of the US. In fact, in terms of corruption, R-states lead the pack massively. In terms of poverty, healthcare, education, and of course the whole problem of forcing religion on others... Republican states continue to be worst. 

But as I said, that is irrelevant. You not liking democrats is not an excuse for your vote to be worth more.
$C: Over 80% of papers from humanities departments have 0, yes ZERO, citations. Your dismissal based on it having 27 citations is just a commitment to ignorance on your part. 

But regardless - yes, the point, as you correctly deduced, of her argument is that science is merely a tool of the patriarchy that is western civilization. In that one short point, it hits literally everything that I was arguing for the existence of - anti-western, anti-rational, anti-individualistic. It was *intended* to only be a single example, and not a representative sample. The representative sample came next...

>The second link leads to "ethnic studies", wich is a very normal field of studies.

EXACTLY. This is normal. This is the representative part.

The courses (not just one, but literally hundreds of them) ask the question, what does it mean to claim racial colorblindness. The definition of that term is that it is to treat individuals equally without regard to race, and the argument put forth, as noted in a mainstream psychology publication, is that to claim colorblindness is itself racist, which is an explicitly anti-individualistic point of view.

I am confused at why you are so dismissive of this? You don't write to contradict what I have said - you don't say that no, these courses don't actually teach this, or that it is not actually an anti-individualistic point of view, or that this is not normal in this field of study. You simply try to say that there is no problem here, despite this anti-individualistic mindset apparently being in the Russian playbook to destabilize the west (by your own claim - we are not talking about *my* conspiracy here). Fascinating to see.
$C: > neither of which exist so far

As far as *we* know. It'll be interesting to see when Mueller presents his report to Congress.
$C: [removed]
$C: They literally can't hear anything other than Hillary when presented with the word Clinton.
$C: You really don't understand what an ad hominem is then. 
$C: He has to be. Look at his last response. No one could possibly be that stupid of a human being
$C: Jesus Christ yes it most definitely does mean a good thing. Work on your vocabulary dude. Wtf does north east and west have to do with anything? If you say we have progressed as a society it literally means the same as we have moved forward. They are synonyms for the same thing
$C: First of all, forward is a direction relative to where you want to go, and north east west are always the same. Secondly, if you're moving forward youre making progress towards your objective. That's inherently a good thing
$C: Lmao, so you're telling me that you guys hate leftists so much that you even hate actual fuckin 'progress'! Wtf??!!
$C: what the fuck are you talking about?
$C: Trade war = a reduction of the economy. 

Exit Climate Change agreements= a reduction and unadaptablity of the economy. 


$C: [Majority of Americans see Trump's first year as a failure](https://www.npr.org/2018/01/18/578639915/majority-of-americans-see-trumps-first-year-as-a-failure)

$C: Heads of the intel community were summoned to testify before congress AFTER the election and said categorically that the outcome of the election did not change, no votes changed. I don’t know how much more proof you need. It’s their words, not mine. 

What deflection? Many media outlets are from overseas and report articles that reach millions of American readers, isn’t that voter manipulation? People change their minds all the time, it’s not usual.

So to say that Russians convinced voters to vote Trump instead of Hillary by buying Facebook ads is laughable. 

Also, people seem to forget, Russians were sowing discord in BOTH sides, so this assumption that they were all pro Trump is plain wrong. 
$C: That’s not an admission of being guilty of anything, though. I think it’s refreshing to see world leaders being confronted with their policies and having to answer for them. That’s just my opinion, just like you have your opinion. 
$C: How is that shitty logic?

If its wrong for idiot right wingers to scare everyone about Obama,  its wrong when the left does it to Trump.

Call me when Trump starts an illegal war and invades someone.
$C: It's hard to engage civily without resorting to logical fallacy when you see the other person so deeply ingrained in it, and you know the outcome no matter what is going to be the same no matter what you say. Let's be honest, this person isn't arguing in the hopes that I change his mind and neither am I. Any attempt at saying so is just flat out lying. But I don't see this as arguing black vs. white. No, I don't think Trump is necessarily a good person, but the lengths at which these people go to to attach any irrational fear and hatered over him is astounding. 
$C: >I dont want bad things to happen to anyone. The reality is that America has regularly installed right wing dictators, overthrown democratically elected leaders, illegally invaded countries, and meddled in elections.


Have I done this? No. So wishing Ill upon me because of things out of my control is 

PSYCHOTIC. THE USER IM RESPONDING TO IS PSYCHOTIC
$C: >Did you vote Obama? His government were responsible in part for fucking up the Middle East even further and causing a migrant crisis.

Yup and this is one of my largest criticisms of him. 

>Unless you think the states were dropping love bombs.

Nope. That’s why I hate trump even more since he’s killing even more civilians with the same kind of bombs. 

https://www.newsweek.com/trump-has-already-killed-more-civilians-obama-us-fight-against-isis-653564

Has none of Obama’s positives and all of his negatives. 

I’m not an ignorant American. I don’t go around wishing bad things on other citizens simply because I’m ignorant to information or assume that the citizen is ignorant to what their government does and therefore complacent. 


>And the medicine thing is a remark that maybe just 
maybe you yanks will wake the fuck up the the destruction and misery ye bring to nations across the globe.

We literally have. Stick with your own fucking country please. You don’t see me sticking my nose in your shit and claiming you’re responsible for everything your government has done. 
$C: This isn’t what you said he was doing. 

Grow up. 

Seriously. It’s easy. Just grow the fuck up. 

Act like an adult. Be a mature fucking person. 

You’re telling him to go outside when it’s you who should go outside and experience the world so you can mature your viewpoint. 
$C: Like I said, you can’t answer the question. You support someone who conducts themselves like a child, so your argument of trying to actor superior is completely invalid. Keep deflecting. Until you stop acting like a hypocrite, people won’t stop talking to you like you’re a child.

So since all you can do is deflect and try to act like you’re superior because “bleh he called me a bad word”, I guess we’re done here. You have no debate or reasonable discussion. You can’t even answer a simple question without completely deflecting, it’s pathetic. You are, as I said before, an ignorant moron. Common place amongst Trump supporters. Thanks for proving my point. 
$C: #circlejerk. 

Good job, keep it up. 
$C: It’s weird. Not even the serious actors behind Trump (Murdoch, Putin etc) feel that strongly about liberals. 

My guess would be overcompensating for some parental, school or relationship rejection thing.
$C: So you're going to follow me around telling everyone I'm a troll?
All because I was being sarcastic when I said I'm a Russian Bot? Your a fucking moron. 
$C: [removed]
$C: [deleted]
$C: [removed]
$C: Just explain your reasoning for why you think the American intelligence community is corrupt and wants to start problems with Russia. I’m seriously trying to understand where you’re coming from.
$C: Sounds like he is trying to get you to pry your head out of your ass lol 
$C: No one is buying that these outrages are phony except the folks with Trump Worship Syndrome. The rights constant dismissal of facts is getting old. Identity politics, look it up.

Lolololol. Talk about irony. Holy shit there's some fake outrage. Did you fact check at all? The SF thing is concerning SCHOOL BOARD elections!  How is that in anyway comparable with real election meddling?! Man, unbelievable lol.
$C: You mean the clarification where he said that he meant to say the opposite of what he actually said? 

I wasn't aware that people heard different versions of that. I was under the impression that he is claiming he "misspoke" in a half-assed attempt to backpedal from the treasonous statements he made.
$C: He’s the first president in how long to lower taxes? I’ll take it 
$C: I have heard people say this in real life with my own ears. Truly disturbing that it is the reason someone votes for someone to be president. 
$C: So you in no way shape or dorm refuted anything i sad. even that literal "fact" that what you quoted in the article you yourself linked is objectively false. I literally searched for the terms you posted, word by word not eve in in its entirety NOTHING even close to your "points" was even mentioned . 

Not a single thing else you said is true either you can throw around buzz words as much as you like doesn't mean that you even stated a single fact. if you feel i don't show integrity by showing every single one of your lies that's a "you" problem not mine.  

"I listed what the news reports have listed. No more, no less" 
They listed nothing, no evidence of any of the shit you mentioned. as far as facts go at this Moment just a dude going mental. If THAT is any evidence of terror than your country has a terrorist attack on weekly basses with how many kids and adults shoot each other down. 

you can try all you want. we're objectively a safer place than you have been in decades thanks to how much your government likes to exhange dollar after dollar for every life they don't deem important.


But to be honest. I don't have much respect for the "average american" Many of you are pretty great people but i can only conclude you're no more than an ordinary troll. no man/woman with either an average IQ or someone who isn't one of the brain dead people that voted for trump would feel they're part of the solution. Funnily enough those 2 groups overlap very often, if not all the time.
$C: Then he should be impeached.

That one's easy.
$C: [deleted]
$C: [removed]
$C: Yeah I think you're just proving my point.
$C: I'm not sure how you got I'm going guilty from any of my comments. I'll admit that it certainly seems like there's something there. He's the president. He's not just some normal guy. The court of public opinion is a very real thing for someone in his position. Whether or not he's been judged fairly/unfairly is yet to be seem really. He's enacted some pretty extreme policy, there no way that doesn't produce some backlash. That's literally politics.
$C: Lol. You've got issues.
$C: YEAH! And never should blame EVER be put on the pure-hearted, forever innocent party of the left. Democrats can and will never do wrong! Everyone else is a facist, and if they're not with us they need to be silenced!!!
$C: >In massive document dumps like the Podesta email leak, the risk of encountering altered documents is heightened because it’s easy to slip them in among thousands of genuine documents, said Susan Hennessey, a Brookings Institution fellow and former lawyer for the National Security Agency.

>"It is possible the WikiLeaks dump of Podesta’s emails includes forged or altered documents," Hennessey said. "With any large leak, it is wise to proceed with caution and skepticism and verify the authenticity of documents before reporting."

>The Clinton campaign, however, has yet to produce any evidence that any specific emails in the latest leak were fraudulent. We asked the campaign, and they directed us to various news reports about the DNC hack, government concerns that Russia might fake evidence of voter fraud, and fake news sites spreading false information about the WikiLeaks emails.


The emails are easy to verify, every email reported was verified. Every damning email was verified and not denied.
$C: Don’t bother man. The guy is not even American and is deflecting the real issue. 
$C: > This is about the fact that Russian intelligence, under direct order from Putin’s, committed illegal acts in conspiracy against the USA and specifically to undermine our democratic process.

You don't actually know that. It's just accusations right now. If they had real evidence, they would have put it up by now. They don't have evidence and this entire charade is a dog & pony show.

>But this isn’t about the outcome of the election, which trump has fetishized to the point of blinding himself.

What the fuck kind of deflective bullshit are you trying to pawn off here?

Fuck Donald Trump.

Clinton helped get him in office with her backend political engineering.

https://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2016/11/hillary-clinton-2016-donald-trump-214428

Trump and Clinton are buddies in case you weren't aware. They run in the same creepy circles.

Trump was a plant. He was a phony Republican playing a bit. He wasn't supposed to win, he was just supposed to be a fall guy for when it came down to the actual election. Unfortunately, the DNC leaks destroyed Clinton's support and she lost.

$C: [removed]
$C: Then take it with a grain of salt?
$C: Oh ok. Fair point. I don't have that evidence. 

I'm still waiting for that evidence that it was Russia. I mean, Clinton's campaign manager was claiming it was Russia before the election actually happened, so they must have something solid 2 fucking years later.

https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/damaging-emails-dnc-wikileaks-dump/story?id=40852448
$C: This guy constantly posts to r/conspiracy, so I think your last sentence is true.
$C: But who? Still 12 random Russians. Also since they are foreign intelligence, nothing happens....also trump was breifed on these too last week, we need to post that and give it 70 gold xD
$C: MY GOD! I didn't know they Googled powershell commands! This is breaking news! Impeeeaaach!
$C: Can you give me the verified details on these big names Russians we will have in prison??
$C: Can you give me the verified details on these big names Russians we will have in prison??
$C: Can you give me the verified details on these big names Russians we will have in prison??
$C: Not at all. I empathize and am trying to help.
$C: willdho:

>I guess at this point "Russian" and "Republican" can be used interchangeably, so yes, they have been spreading disinformation about Hillary for decades.

I would call myself more a Constitutionalist rather than a Republican, but since there isn't a Constitutionalist Party, I am a registered  (R).

I like how you project my "projection" of your projecting. Very Di Caprio of you!
$C: You're not presenting any ideas, other than some bloggers' opinions. Where's the emails, receipts, bank statements, donation spending transactions? Why the fuck do all of your articles just source articles? Any asshole can type, where's the literal fucking evidence?
$C: >support your ideas with facts

They don't. Why should he? That's exactly his point!
$C: >If you can actually support your ideas with facts then go for it.

What is the most impressive fact your sources claim?  In your own words, not another link.
$C: Because if you want to have a well reasoned argument come prepared, not just the first 4 links by searching "Hillary bad." At least give me Shapiro, Levine, Herman, something! The source does matter.I'm trying to be somewhat civil here and I don't think we are going to get anywhere.
$C: Easier to deflect, live in their bubble than to put up a real argument. Next you'll be called a nazi racist Russian bot. 
$C: Yeah and you try to read your own source next time.
$C: Dude, do you know how sources work? You know you're supposed to click the colored lettering and read that too, right?
$C: This is the dumbest fucking attempt to discredit Snopes I've seen. Flags on a stage. That's your proof that the whole website is a corrupt liberal propaganda piece.

What. The. Fuck. 
$C: > The Daily Caller article was undeniably slanted and untruthful, consisting in its entirety of contrasting a “flagless” shot of the DNC’s stage with a flag-filled shot of the RNC stage. Of course, the Daily Caller deceptively didn’t mention that their RNC shot captured a digital backdrop displaying images of flags, and not actual physical flags — the very same form of display used at the DNC. So either the hapless Daily Caller “reporter” couldn’t tell the difference between digital reproductions of objects and actual physical objects, or he was employing a deceitful double standard that counted digital reproductions as “flags” at the RNC but not at the DNC

Source:  https://www.snopes.com/news/2016/07/28/daily-caller-throws-another-temper-tantrum-after-being-debunked-by-snopes-com/

https://us-east-1.tchyn.io/snopes-production/uploads/2016/07/rnc.jpg
$C: The daily caller, lol? By that hack Tucker Carlson? Get real
$C: Hahaha, daily caller xD
$C: Pretty sure no one is claiming votes have been altered. Influenced or suppressed maybe.  Not altered. 

Also, which indictment goes out of its way to say that? Can you link it?
$C: No votes altered but tens of thousands, if not millions, of feeble minded idiots voted against Clinton because they believed "lets order pizza" was a euphemism for "time to anally rape the toddlers we have stored in the basement of the pizza parlor!"
$C: I misread the chain, my b
$C: To be fair, this discussion started because of a Hillary comment on a Trump article 
$C: [11 times trump threatened Hilary with jail](https://edition.cnn.com/videos/politics/2017/11/15/trump-clinton-doj-special-prosecutor-vstan-orig-bw.cnn)

Seems like she'd need to be arrested
.. 
$C: K, but like, is that happening? 
$C: Alright, are we counting each "lock her up" individually, or does each collective chant only count once? 
$C: I despise Hillary but Trump did say she would end up in jail if he won.
$C: He said it to her face during the presidential debate.

Here, I'll give you even the direct link to it: https://youtu.be/Hbh2qXBMjuY

And down in the comments you have thousand of people celebrating this.

So yeah, don't act like it never happend
$C: You took the words out of my mouth. 
$C: Yep pretty much what I expected from an "Obama gonna take muh guns" idiot. The end of the world is talking about gun control. You forgot the words "well regulated" in the 2A by the way. I'm glad to know that sacrificing children at the alter of guns is perfectly ok for you. As usual a good chat with another Trump moron.
$C: Probably not.  That's a different discussion however. 

Not sure why you're replying 3 different times but blame and fault arent mutually exclusive nor are they finite. Obama is to blame for doing nothing and the Republicans are to blame for being weak on russia, or at the very least, not having clear and consistent messaging on the topic. 

Obama played politics, as did the FBI, and it appears it not only backfired on the Democrats directly but also harmed the integrity of the US. The Republicans and more specifically Trumbo are somehow convinced that being hard on russia somehow is them admitting guilt to collusion so they've been refusing to do anything. This whole thing has been handled as poorly as possible from literally every side. 

And yet the end result is just finger wagging and discourse amongst the american public that looks irreversible and headed for civil war or a separation. Which is, again ironically, the entire point of the interference to begin with. But nobody can stop escalating the stupidity for 5 minutes to figure that out
$C: I read it.  It took 2 minutes.  They ignore/gloss over the fact that we knew we were exposed LONG before the election.  Did you miss the part where the first date mentioned is October and coincides with a "public statement?"  A public statement?  That is the response Obama puts forward?  He doesn't even enact sanctions an expulsions until December.

In the SUMMER of 2016, Susan Rice was telling the NSC to stand down the cyber responses.  He was handcuffing us and removing viable options.  For what purpose?

$C: So condescending.

I leave you to to your karmic consequences.
$C: Look, I never said I don't care about those.

You seem like some sort /r/politics frequenter trying to paint me as a Trump supporter so you can proceed to strawman me, simply because I said not every article attacking Trump is 100% true. Why?
$C: You waited 14 hours to respond. And you immediately called me a bot. You lost. 

I’m only going to comment on your last line. I’m ignoring everything you’ve said. Look up Cisco, Comptia and eccouncil definitions of bots.  bots are apart of botnets. Which are zombie controlled computers infected with malware that are remotely controlled to perform denial attacks against hardware to take them offline. 

Your “bots” comment is false. Social media accounts are controlled by a person. They fall under the social engineering umbrella. It’s not a bot controlled by a code that remotely logs into a PC and then writes code to create friends lists and writes codes to look online to find news articles. You’re an idiot and you keep providing the flames to prove it 
$C: Because I've tried and I just get articles saying what you have but don't really show any physical examples of what they're claiming.
$C: Context, you fuckin chimp. Context. 
$C: You are literally too stupid to converse with. Have a nice day. 
$C: The people who wanted to vote did, not everyone that could vote did.  otherwise the US wouldn't be in the midst of a two year constitutional crisis.

Are you being for real?  Do you not live in the US? Because its starting to seem like you dont.
$C: *  But one analysis in 2014 found a decline in voter participation of 2 percentage points to 3 percentage points that was attributable to changes in voter ID requirements. https://www.americanprogress.org/issues/democracy/reports/2016/11/11/292322/voter-suppression-laws-cost-americans-their-voices-at-the-polls/

*  https://www.brennancenter.org/blog/michigan-recount-exposes-voting-machine-failures
* https://techcrunch.com/2017/09/22/electronic-voting-state-hacking-russian-government-cyber-actors/
$C: [deleted]
$C: It’s a 21 day old account...
$C: I can't answer someone who is so blatantly blind and won't listen to reason or facts

You actually think the US hasn't installed puppet leaders then you truly are deluded

The fact in 2018 you don't know about that fact makes you a scary person.
$C: [deleted]
$C: [deleted]
$C: Propaganda campaign?

You mean like how politics works..you manipulate the masses?

In essence trump won because his team was able to utilize data??
$C: Sources say I am
$C: No I guess that my point takes away from the detractors of trump and is relevant to your point in the ways you mentioned. I don't personally view it as such however I can see how you did.
$C: Lol its pure propaganda - and yea, both are full of fakes/phony accounts. Good for you, getting your news from russian trolls. Next thing you will say is that you dont listen to RT.
$C: lol ignorance would mean I wouldn't be following the information. You're just acting like assumptions are true. Its ok you want to react off emotion instead of facts. 
$C: I'm sorry you never learn't manners
$C: Yeah they've been proven to be objective without any bias hahahaha.  Ever heard of Peter Strozk?
$C: “I’m not a troll.” *LITERALLY PROCEEDS TO TROLL*

Do you not see how hypocritical you look?

Also do you not realize the Cheeto joke sucks? It’s like a weird little joke with you guys you think it’s hysterical.  It’s literally something a 12 year old would laugh at. 

My god we’re hopeless if people like you exist.
$C:  Clearly it isn't rare. Do you think I scrolled through 5 days of posts to find this specific one, then scrolled through hundreds of comments to find a single one to reply to? 

Anybody on mobile can see this exact post in the "Suggested Posts" bar, just like I did. 

Further, if it is irrelevant as you claim, why did you respond. In my experience, when somebody replies to a comment of mine that is 4 days old, and I find it irrelevant, I dont waste the time replying. 

So, is it irrelevant, or is it not?

Edit: I didn't claim it would be "brigaded." I said it isn't totally out of bounds to see posts that become active for short periods that are older than a few days. The are two totally different levels of activity. 
$C: Because they lack the range.  diesel is far more energy dense than li-ion.  

$C: You never spoke ill of Hillary yet you voted for Trump? Why? Do you continue to support him?
$C: for a matter of fact, I actually didn't 
$C: I overlooked the word. I agree. She is more on Trump's level
$C: Lying to Congress under oath. That is a pretty good reason to impeach a president, I retract my statement.

But still, the fact that Republicans didn't even question Trump about it shows something.

I'm afraid only a revolution or a threat of one will change the status quo.
$C: So like I said he didn't get impeached for 
getting his dick wet. He got impeached for commiting a felony. Not the same thing.
$C: "mimimi admins are bad"
  
Go to back to Tumblr kid.
$C: Yeah, but that's where the first world countries go to make cheap shit. Because paying for free people's work apparently isn't profitable.
$C: That is a horrible comparison. 
$C: Let's not frame this in the voice of a domestic abuse victim because it's an asinine comparison. No longer wanting to engage in trade with someone is not analogous to beating them.
$C: Better than I was a few years ago. I'm just glad I'm away from that hellhole. But I'm still a little peeved that some bitch with Borderline Personality Disorder that I cared for so much threw me in a ditch and got away with breaking the law while I had to deal with the scraps of bullshit I didn't even do.

I'm still scared that someday she and her pedo boyfriend will come after me because my friend told me she read some text messages that talked about her and his twisted fantasies of murdering me and then burning my corpse in his furnace to dispose of the evidence. Considering her recent BPD diagnosis, that fear skyrocketed for a little bit.
$C: We are comenting on a post that shows how your president is fucking you over. Arguments were made that standing up to authority isn't always easy. An early experience with this problem was given as an example. Of course it is on an other level. But there are parallels: unfair treatment and a perceived lack of power to change it.
$C: 10h, quand même ....
$C: Thanks for the update. It seems that the 415 euros is the maximum possible price for London pass which you only have to pay if you need access to all 9 zones. With zones 7-9 being just a handful of stations, most people would use a cheaper option. Even Heathrow airport is only zone 6, and it is very far from the center. 
$C: Actually, aim your rooting south of my national border and I'll do the same :)
$C: What I expect to happen, is completely different from what I would want to happen. 

What I expect, is devolution into divisional politics, where people do not engage in or value rational discussion. I fully expect the group identity to decrease our empathy and our ability to act rationally as the information we receive becomes increasingly filtered. 

In some ways these things are not new to us as a population, it is the scale and the ultimate risk that is new. 

I completely agree that what we have now is evolving, I didn’t intend to imply that the current system is stuck or inflexible. So long as time exists and people exist there will be change in the way we do things. It is how we as a species learn things, and that in and of itself is not a bad thing, though it sometimes means very bad things. 

Ask me what I believe in, I suppose I would have to say I believe in myself, I believe that those around me are who I know them to be. I believe in that, and in the absence of belief, I will abide. 
$C: You're still confused if you think slaves had it better. It's mathematically and objectively false, and downplaying the severity of how bad slaves had it makes you look very silly

Also, depends on how you choose to go to school if you will end up in debt or not. I worked my way through school without any loans.
$C: I'm German myself and an employer in Germany so I know. It was a joke, because there pretty much is an employee bias, sometimes a little too much.
$C: Never said you did, just said it's likely you own a games console.
$C: Sounds to me like you need a new job. You also have a post from within the last year about playing a video game for 250 hours in order to unlock some achievement. Pick your battles and live your life how you want to live it, but don’t pretend like you don’t have time.

I’m with you though. I spent last year protesting, calling my congressmen, donating money, having calm discussions with republicans who I consider friends... none of it seems to matter. I’ve spent a good chunk of this year outside of America (realize I am incredibly privileged to have that as an option) and am considering permanently expatriating because I feel so fucking hopeless. 
$C: Alright well i wish you good luck with that then. I'll be betting on the realistic fact that that won't happen. If you're serious, i would encourage you to start taking the steps to make that happen, revolution won't develope sitting around on reddit. 

Edit : The amount of people who talk big about revolution on the Internet but continue with theyre everyday life is hysterical. 
$C: Good point. Obviously I'm not American either-I'm from Finland, where our President has very little direct power. And we have lots of political parties to keep each other in check, too, which I hope the US will move towards sooner rather than later.
$C: I think you are mistaken The_donald for random Trump supports. The idea is that the sub shouldn't make people harass people outside of the sub. The moderators should stop that. If they don't then the sub will be banned.
I don't like them I don't think they are fun. But I think that banning ideas are also super scary. 

To quote Orwell:
All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others.

If I have the right to have my ideas. They have the same rights.

$C: I came into Reddit expecting that there is a place for everything. I'm not into crazy subs, but all the subs I was expecting to be here. I joined, it's crazy to ban a sub because you think those people are nutjobs.

Ofcourse you can spew BS at Reddit do you ever read the comments at random posts. Most of it is BS. But because some have political BS they should be banned? That's crazy shit. That's what Erdogan does in Turkey.
$C: Yes, they got called out and they deleted it? They obviously push their limits. Although the rules get to them in the end. It's quite short sighted to be mad at a whole tree because it produced one bad apple. If the Democrats had one person in their ranks you heavily disliked, would you still donate to them?
You need to learn to accept that nothing can be perfectly what you want it to be. Reddit is by far the best and most free semi - social media platform we have at the moment. Hold it as close as you can because it won't be here forever.
$C: Agreed, im just venting my frustration
$C: That’s the point of the statement, that no one has ever said that, so what do you mean by moderate?  By and large, the Dems in office are actually moderates that are complaining about extreme acts by the Republican Party.
$C: Looking at trends from the past few elections, Americans seem to be in a very populist mood. Obama in 2008 was a populist movement for change, Bernie and Trump were both populist movements based on change in 2016. Occupy was a populist movement. There are organizations from both the left and the right working on this issue. It's a long shot, but it's worth talking about, even if only to spread the information.

edit: The majority of Americans are overworked, overstressed, in debt, and living paycheck to paycheck. We want change, but we can't afford to miss work. Working within the system is more likely to be successful than mass protests or the like. 
$C: Well, considering how many indictments have been coming out of the investigation and how Maria Butina was arrested I wouldn't exactly call them baseless. Have a nice day
$C: Well addressed and handled.

This guy is a real piece of work, and so bizarrely angry and vicious.
$C: More wordy garbage.

You said in exact words that Russia funneled $30 million of Russian money through the NRA.

Zero links you wasted my time with say anything even close to that.
$C: Most are, yes. Get educated.
$C: Sounds like an easy excuse for the national guard to mow down citizens in the name of "preserving democracy" 
$C: No thanks. Let's arrest them instead. 
$C: The large majority of gun owners fall within Trump's base. To us their tyrannical government is "Finally what this country needed" and has no problem seeing minority rights stamped out or watching American diplomacy crumble. 
$C: The slightest bit of violence by the left is labeled as radical commie terrorism. Keep in mind there are a ton of white supremacists in law enforcement. That's the reason why you here so many police brutality stories from America. This ensures that any slight violent uptick from a left leaning individual gets thoroughly beaten and consequently suppressed. The police wouldn't hesitate to run over the citizens with a car since they're 'libruls'. And no, you can't face an organized military. 
$C: holy fuck yes

people chant the same old slogans with the same old signs down the same old protest routes and then they wonder why no one listens to them
$C: Honestly *what do you want us to do?*

The Women's March wasn't a vagina costume party, it was organized for legitimate reasons because people within government do wish to take away women's reproductive rights. During Trump's newest appointment there was still arguments about if he'd appointment someone in favor of Roe v. Wade.

Do you want us to take torches and try marching into the capital building? Capital police were dragging paraplegics out of congressmen's offices because they were there protesting.

They don't give a shit about us, because they know their base will keep them secure. At this point I believe Trump could shoot someone on 5th Avenue and his base would find some way to love it.

Do you want 300,000,000 people to just drop everything and strike? Off the bat half of them support Trump. And then people still need to work, feed their families, pay bills. Your boss doesn't give a shit if you want to make a political statement, show up or you're fired.

Outside of voting there's nothing that can or will happen. Until at least the midterms the Republican controlled congress will keep Trump in power. 
$C: Damn. Me and you could be friends. 
$C: You're a good person. I can tell.
$C: And only just barely.

Half a dozen women come out to accuse him and he still barely lost in Alabama.

48% of Alabama voters had no problem calling those women liars, or electing a pedophile to the Senate. 
$C: *Mine* is to support Mueller. 
$C: Easy: https://www.nytimes.com/news-event/russian-election-hacking

However, my Reddit add on shows you've been a part of the_donald so I don't expect you to acknowledge my proof. And I have a low tolerance for the_donald cultism today so I am killfiling you.

$C: Because I go out of my way to protest against even "petty" things compared to losing the democracy of my country. Like others have said in this and other threads, if this happened in any other country, the streets would be flooded with people demanding change. Yet citizens in the US are contempt with letting this happen.
$C: I’ve done that...multiple times...so thanks for the tip. 
$C: So you're either pretending to not understand a single thing about this situation, this conversation, and the average American's life in general, or you're genuinely that out of touch and willfully ignorant. Either way, I'm done. It's not worth my time.
$C: I'm tired of people who think that gender is the only thing on anyone's mind when electing a President.  It's as tiring as people who think Obama "couldn't get elected" because he's black.  Candidates have faults and you would do well to meditate on Clinton's history with *the black community* before expecting her to get those votes.  Also expecting her to get the Berine Sanders votes.

I don't know if you've paid attention in this thread that I voted against Trump.  I cast my vote "for" Clinton begrudgingly, it was a pragmatic "against" vote.  A candidate can still be hawkish even if the other candidate is *more* hawkish.  Actually Trump's stance on war during the election was debateable, with mixed signals.  He said he wanted to bomb the shit out of ISIS, but he also opposed the Iraq war.  He wanted to pull out of NATO and still does, which isn't exactly the stance of a hawk.  He hasn't wanted to saber rattle at Russia *at all*, he wants them to be friends.

Regarding impeachment, you will either continue to pat yourself on the back that you can fantasize about having an election of the President by other means, or you can accept that this guy won the election, does things you don't like, and you get to vote for someone else next time.  People have usually done something "egregious" to be impeached, and although it's subjective, Trump hasn't made it there yet.  A smoking gun is needed, and none has been found.


$C: It was more, you not having empathy for the man you were replying to. Have a nice day.
$C: Registered independent as well. 

there's an election in country X

candidate A is secretly extremely corrupt

candidate B is not

country Y acquires damning communications from candidate A due to security negligence by candidate A's team

country X concludes that candidate A is corrupt, by virtue of the fact that she was exposed as corrupt

Did candidate A deserve it?
$C: You understand the philosophy. You just dont like the consequence.

You have a choice. You just prefer to pretend you dont. In reality, you have decided that you would rather the government do all kinds of things in your name, good and bad than go to gaol.

I am also from a western democracy. I've just come to terms with my own complicency in the crappy things my government does. On the flip side, they do some good things on my behalf also.
$C: He speaks pretty strongly against Alex Jones, Breitbart and Trump. His hardline stance against Trump killed him with a lot of his listeners so his voice isn't nearly as 'loud' as it used to be. 

He still seems to be a crazy doomsday kind of a guy though.
$C: Just because something is important and impactful doesn't mean the idea of being comparable no longer applies. You can easily compare Trump and Obama on a number of axes (eg what is their approach to international trade?). Preference matters in a democracy where you vote for the politician (among those running) that you *prefer*. It seems like you're trying to make the point that everyone is always bad so everyone is the same, and I'm calling bullshit. The fact that no one is perfect doesn't mean no one is better than anyone else.
$C: It's similar, but the difference is Trump supporters compare him to the imaginary horrors of Hillary Clinton ("oh no! Healthcare!"), while you can compare Obama to Bush or Trump, two people who actually were Presidents, and see that he easily comes off better. 
$C: Your vocabulary is remarkable. 
$C: I’d hate to avoid topics of interest when sharing with other people. 

If they are not interested, then we find a topic of similar interest. If neither agree on anything, then we move on. We don’t need to beat each other up over it :/
$C: Look at the post history, man. 20 day old account that’s all about coke and guns. 
$C: Fair enough. Although I’m an independent and I see it from both parties but even though I’ll get downvoted to hell for saying it, I’m gonna say it, I see the whiny ranting misinformed bullshit from the left much more often. 
$C: They didn’t get the voter info with SSN from the DNC. They got that from a state election board they hacked. Along with other voter info that could be very useful in targeting/supressing voters.

Data security is abysmal and a huge problem world wide, especially in western countries where everything is digital. 
The Russians have also managed to hack the Obama White House and get info on all security clearance applications. Those are very detailed btw. They’ve also hacked into the power grid etc. 
I find attacks on democracy a more serious matter. If nothing is being done to stop them they will get bolder. They did try to attack the voting systems, maybe next time they’ll succeed. Americans should be picking their government, not the Kremlin.

You’re underestimating US and allied intelligence services if you assume the Russian hackers had to be stupid or unskilled for them to get caught. It seems this group was part of the Fancy bear, cyber espionage group. (And apparently Russian military)
People have been looking for them for a long time.
$C: I never said fraud. You said fraud. 
$C: Wake up and smell the patchouli.

The trouble with the democrats and everyday liberals is that your goal is compromise. Compromise is not a goal in and of itself. Compromise is a way to achieve goals.

Citizens want politicians to fight for their interests.

I dont think mocking him is at all helpful or useful.

You want activism? Go demand a policy and fight for it. Get off my fucking back for not wanting to compromise with monsters. 
$C: Yep. Just as I thought. When presented with facts, you immediately deny or minimize them.

You can't even defend their words. You know this is wrong, which is why you don't even bother to engage the argument.

Run away now, little guy.
$C: Kushner literally put out the same emails. There's no doubt about their authenticity. He's also due for a trial sometime soon. The DNC is currently trying to serve Kushner his court order 

https://www.cnn.com/2018/07/18/politics/jared-kushner-democratic-national-committee-lawsuit/index.html

I think you need to get with the times
$C: It's rage posts like these as to why I can't take you serious. And this is before you demanded your feelings should be considered facts.

Try talking with somebody about your anger. It's unhealthy. Blocking you now since I got a life and you apparently don't and I am tired of your rageposts. Seek help, don't harm yourself.
$C: What true colors? All I said is that you need to drop the Us v Them attitude if you want progress. But you're such a dumb, ignorant cunt that you can't even see why that's a good idea. You're so hung up on people buying into what *you* think is right, but the reality is you're a fucking pleb and nobody should have to listen to your shitty opinions if you don't present it with humility.
$C: Roger on the Dunning-Kruger.  

I read up on the Horseshoe Theory. I would agree the spectrum of ideologies are not circular or horseshoe. 

You tuning me into the definition of the horseshoe theory reminds me of this https://xkcd.com/1053/ 

As a suggestion, take note of your cocksure tone. It quells most people’s desire to have any debate or discussion with you. 
$C: Obama certainly should have done more, but he did take some action.

He did warn the candidates, and he did warn the public. The White House issued a public statement in October 2016. There is more to the hacks than Hillary's server. 

The real question is why Trump hasn't done more in the two years he's had this information? To this day he tries to muddy the waters and pretend this hasn't happened, when it's well established and accepted that it has. He is unconstrained by upcoming transition of power like Obama was, unconstrained by his power in congress and senate, and any action would be well supported by both the public and both parties. He can't on one hand criticize Obama for doing nothing, and then on other hand downplay the hacking and do nothing about it himself. 

Either it's true and Trump is right to criticize Obama, and should be followed up with action, or nothing has happened and criticizing Obama makes no sense.


$C: I think the message is less to do with the how and more the who; russia is pushing pro right propaganda in huge volumes in an effort to strengthen trumps political position, this giving him more sway in dictating political issues. And if trump is working with/for putin, then the russia propoganda is only strengthening Putins position to influence america and undermine patrotism and democracy. 
$C: Then you have done absolutely zero reading, and you have done absolutely zero paying attention through past election cycles, and you have zero common sense.
$C: The Byrd comment was a little tongue-in-cheek, if you couldn't tell. And yes, they have similarly supported many candidates for many offices, including president throughout modern times. Put down your phone and read a book. 
$C: You don't mean enough for that
$C: You say that as if it doesn't literally happen all the time. A project being "highly funded" absolutely does not mean it is permanent. Your arguments are incredibly flimsy.
$C: You don’t follow logic at all.

Goodbye  ;)
$C: Compared to other countries, sure. I was talking about r/politics, not the Democratic party.
$C: What a cybersleuth.
$C: I feel you. We're more like brothers, bro. 
$C: God this is too true. 
$C: I think they're also trying to leave as much of a mark on this country as they can before regain their sanity and vote the bastards out/before they're indicted themselves. (Sadly, it's probably gonna be that latter one.)
$C: Are they just in denial? "Donald Trump is a billionaire! Who else is better to run a country than a billionaire?"
$C: I voted *against* her because I don't respect her. 

She lost my respect when she didn't leave him. I would never have voted for her. Ever. She lost me in the 90s. 

Middle is middle. Tough on immigration (no pathway), fix climate, working healthcare that doesn't fuck over middle class -ACA made insurance more expensive for people in the middle class, stop funding other countries let them handle their own problems, create jobs with livable wages, more checks for purchasing guns... 

And again, where does it say I voted *for* Trump? 

The problem with people like you is that you can only see things one way. If they're not the same as you, they're wrong. 

That's a *you* problem. Not a me problem. I appreciate you having your own opinions, even if they're different than mine. We all have to live on this planet, might as well not make each other miserable because we disagree on how our little corner should be run. 
$C: Again, you fail to recognize that there is a difference of scale. Just because it happens in one state that's already mostly Democrats does not mean they are equivalent. Go look at traditional battleground and rural states and get back to me on that. Republican Gerrymandering is far more prevalent across the country when compared to the few areas like California, New York, and Chicago that Democrat controlled
$C: I looked through your comment history, looks like you coincidentally speak Russian.  I also couldn't come up with a more cliche username for a conservative redditor than yours if I tried.  Do you get paid well to spread this bullshit online?
$C: Tough argument there bud.  I'm from NYC and lost some friends that day.  People actually died.  Liberals think they're gonna die, but they're actually going to be ok.  You just have to step outside and smell the fresh air.  It smells like .. money. 

Putin didn't change numbers.  IF he did anything, he probably made 5 million twitter bots to try to sway your vote.  But this isn't 1930.  Propaganda doesn't work like that anymore.  You already knew who you were gonna vote for.  
$C: Try walking a mile in the other guys moccasins...
$C: I never once said that we'd lose a war.

That said, even in winning a war, there are costs and damages. Wars only serve to destroy.
$C: I'd like to start off by pointing out something funny that I found when reminding myself the exact year the spanish civil war happened.

> the Republican side was supported by the Soviet Union

Anyway, it's disingenuous to compare any war, especially one that happened 80 years ago. The world is a totally different place from what it was even 20 years ago. Remember how we have instantaneous communication and news in our pockets now? Not saying it's impossible, but it's very unlikely, and today can't be compared to other wars in the past. 
$C: Not at all. Really, just uninformed voting. And instead if not voting, the better option would be to for he uninformed voter to get informed.
$C: Yes. But will it affect my salary? No it will not. I make money so I can afford healthcare. 
$C: I feel you.

You should know the GOP are refusing to renew and replenish funds dedicated to defending our election systems. They say there is not yet a crisis or need for more funding.

They are actively sabotaging us. We have been told for two years the Russians are coming at us again.

We have to be ready. 
$C: A greater portion of millenials voted
$C: >The point has never been about Trump interfering in the election.

Until you learn about Kris Kobach and CrossCheck and Bannon’s role at Cambridge Analytica.
$C: And that is the argument you should be making instead of the weak sauce displayed above. 
$C: The point is why would you not want to be friendly and make peace instead of provoking WW3? That is the point.
$C: I agree this felt so inspiring in such a dark era. I appreciate the time you took out to write this.
$C: It's a wonderful podcast. It's less about the day to day craziness of washington and more analyzes the underlying factors that have brought groups of people to hold the ideologies they have today 
$C: You just don't get it. They don't need defending. It's like you can only grasp the idea of polar opposites. Again, part of the problem.

You need their support. They don't need yours. Stop alienating people if you want things to go your way. 
$C: >But look, even pretending nothing went on, don't you think at the very least the DNC should've portrayed an image of unity, of impartiality, to help the eventual democratic nominee gain their dem opponent's votes in the general election?

You mean like throwing the chair of the DNC under the bus when the emails showed no wrongdoing on her part? The DNC reached out to Bernie supporters like *crazy*. 

>Dude that makes all the difference in the fucking world. She wasn't president, she should have no say in the hiring decisions of the DNC. Why are you downplaying this?

Because there is no evidence that it fucking *did* anything. All of this is missing the "yes, and...?" part. I don't want to know that HRC had input over hiring decisions for staff members, I want to know that the staff members denied Bernie access to certain events or that they kept his press releases on a delay. Give me something they actually fucking **did**.

Like, fire the dude who wrote the religion email, because that is the single one of the whole bunch that's actually inappropriate, but they still never fucking *did* anything about it. 

You're left with a bunch of emails of people who clearly didn't like the dude and were frustrated by his ego-driven zombie campaign, but who still weren't actually doing anything untoward about it. Pardon me if I don't give a shit about people venting in emails. 

>Implying your opponent is a misogynist when much of the dem voter base is female is not "kid gloves".

Are you saying that Bernie is immune to sexist behavior? That there's no possible way he could have acted in a sexist manner, and that he should never be called out for doing so?

Like, this is one of the most perplexing things about Bernie fans who insist he only lost because of the DNC. Bernie made some serious unforced errors. The "shushing"/talking over Hillary bits looked *terrible* on his part. And yet you insist that there's no room for improvement, or maybe he shouldn't do that again. 

>lol it was a glitch in their system that allowed both campaigns to access eachother's information. It wasn't Bernie "trying to steal data." It was a staffer that accessed the data after the glitch, and guess what, he got fucking fired for it. But you bet your ass Clinton went with that story and milked it good, and I see it worked well for her.

If you hold DWS accountable for everything that DNC staffers did, shouldn't you hold Bernie accountable for something shady his staffer did? 

The fact is, Bernie campaign staff accessed private Clinton voter data, the DNC shut them off for 24 hours while they looked into it, and then Bernie fucking had the temerity to *fundraise off of that, acting like he was the victim*. It was one of the single most revolting things any campaign did during the primaries, right up there with literally making up endorsements.

It stuns me that people don't see what a dirty campaign Bernie ran. If Hillary had done those same things, you'd still be howling about it today. 

>What's disgraceful is some people like to pretend bullshit doesn't happen behind the scenes. Collusion with media outlets, how to frame coverage of a political candidate, how much airtime to give a candidate, who to talk about after the debate, who to declare "winners of a debate," these are all things the DNC has connections to as evidenced by DWS's correspondance with major media outlets. Maybe no conversation of that sort ever took place. Or a little nudge here, a little nudge there, it adds up. And it isn't fair to then ask "WELL FIND WHAT THEY DID", that is obviously an impossible task, but the evidence is there that the DNC wanted one candidate over another. It is apparently too much to ask nowadays for the leadership of a party to be impartial.

Sorry, extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence. If you're just going to sit there and wave your arms about things people COULD have done, you can't blame us for not giving a shit until you show they DID do it.

Besides, given how often y'all confuse basic media relations with "they control the media!!!" I think I'll be waiting a while. 
$C: A) As I said, I reject arguments that rely on linking YouTube videos as a general principle. It takes way more time for me to watch a video, write up a rebuttal, etc than it does for you to Ctrl+C/V a link. 

B) The DNC doesn't control ballots. That's done by the California Secretary of State. Incidentally, election volunteers would have no idea if the provisional ballots were counted or not. 

C) Not even responding to the fact that you are actually and provably factually wrong about Brooklyn, hm?
$C: [deleted]
$C: All right. This is more like it! So let's see...

The first email is the Pied Piper strategy. So, we're already off to a bad start, because this is the HRC campaign strategizing, not the DNC. 

And you can argue whether or not this was a bad plan, but it also has nothing to do with Bernie. The OP insinuates that it's "to distract from the rise in Sanders' popularity" but his name doesn't appear anywhere in the document. 

And... okay, that's not just the first email, it's the only email. 

Wait, there's one other. [This email](https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/3599), sent *to* Podesta from some guy, who laments that reality show popularity is more important than civics education or understanding of policy.

That's it? These emails don't even fucking mention Bernie Sanders. 

Try again, hot shot. 
$C: Your spelling proves your intelligence
$C: I wish I lived in your crime free area with private security.  
$C: Clinton signed the assault weapon ban and Healey wrote a letter outlawing the sale of scary black guns in Massachusetts. 
$C: Relublicons go after wealth by making it hard to start a business, by stifling small business competition and entrepreneurship by unnecessary government oversight and regulation, which has been proven to damage small business as opposed to large businesses (so their donors will be just fine, like Walmart, Caterpillar, Halliburton, Exxon, etc)and Demonrats don’t think anyone should work and should get free everything while indoctrinating that the government knows best and  you can’t make a proper decision for yourself so listen to what we say, and don’t question it. 
Because they all voted for the CLOUD act, which you conveniently left out, they all voted for the patriot act, they all allowed for the privatization of profit while socializing the risk (banks), and they both sneak last minute gross violation of private and personal liberties into massive must pass bills. 
So yeah I guess they are different, when I hear what the Koch brothers are doing, I know they are donating to people who are going to help them stiff competition and make it tougher to start a business, and when I hear what George Soros and the other people who invested in the USSR are doing I know it’s gonna be donating to something that comes closer and closer upon striking the fourth amendment null and void. 
So yeah, I agree I was kind of wrong; they are not alike, they both run a very aggressive smoke and mirrors plot to slowly destroy what makes this country awesome while removing any dissent and making sure everyone stays in line. 
$C: Luckily, Pence would have no say in State charges.

Edit: I do wonder if actual treason could be safely pardoned without more blowback than the GOP would be willing to take. Because with all the stuff being talking about, actual provable treason is looking more and more likely.
$C: With that hot mess sitting in the White House, knowing that Mueller has already kicked relevant matters to the State level, that Trump is not just morally repugnant but has been shady his entire career, and that a bright light is shining now into dark corners and other places he never thought it would reach, has been my only bright light for a fitting end to this travesty of a political career.

Thanks for your very thorough review.
$C: Yup, you hit the nail on the head there. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: Look everyone! Its a snowflake in its natural environment!
$C: You're so brave.
$C: [removed]
$C: So brave
$C: We vote for representation.  They are supposed to do it.  If they don't do it and won't hold the president accountable, we vote them out and put representation in place that will. 

Where people complain doesn't matter.  What they do about it does matter.  

 
$C: Where’d you get this information from?
$C: Lmao fucking **WHAT**? "To punish the US for being such a great producer?" The US is a net consumer, a net inporter, not a net exporter you fucking troglodyte. Tell Vladdy P. we said to fuck off.
$C: Says who? Inflation is gently increasing, why disrupt anything before fiscal policy is necessary and begin shaking things up?
$C: In terms of unemployment and inflation, yes, we're sitting in a pretty comfortable position. Maybe sustainable was the wrong word.
$C: Ok then, why don’t you get back to your Fox News now.
$C: I'd call the commenter's direction to read the linked article a perfectly valid answer to your loaded "questions", which border on the precious, like someone who is intentionally trying to ignore what is going on around them.

> How?

The Russians interfered with an election and purposely threw it for Trump's benefit, as is the conclusion of numerous intelligence agencies in this country. Who incidentally, mostly skew Republican.

> Who? Proof?

[2016 Presidential Campaign Hacking Fast Facts](https://www.cnn.com/2016/12/26/us/2016-presidential-campaign-hacking-fast-facts/index.html) - Look closely at the December 9th, 2016 entry in the timeline, where it explicitly says **"the CIA has determined that Russian hacking was conducted to boost Trump and hurt Clinton"**. As far as the proof you want, here you go. [Confronted With Evidence of Russian Hacking, Trump Reverts to Conspiracy](https://www.nytimes.com/2018/07/16/us/politics/trump-russian-hacking-conspiracy.html). 

I'm really tired of dealing with people who lack the critical thinking skills to read news articles, to separate fact from fiction and opinion, and who lack the ability to use a search engine.

Downvotes welcomed.
$C: 
>LOOOOL, Then they turn off the pipelines to Europe...

Pipelines are only cost effective when price per barrel is at a certain point. Get below that point and freight shipping of oil becomes that much more inviting. But as an economic scholar, you totally knew that, right?

Keep trying to stir shit up. It's amusing.

$C: All I'm saying is, between the two parties, Democrats have always put more back into the country than the Republicans, who seem to only want to increase military spending.

You over-estimated and proved you don't know your history as well as you claim. 
$C: >You're cute.

You should read it yourself.
$C: Yes a well run military campaign defeated ISIS

https://www.newsweek.com/did-us-really-pay-north-korea-extortion-money-25-years-fact-checking-trumps-657177

in particular: 
" According to a 2014 report from the Congressional Research Service, between 1995 and 2008, the United States provided North Korea with more than $1.3 billion in aid: slightly more than 50 percent for food and about 40 percent for energy assistance."

And 

"While North Korea did not uphold its commitment to denuclearization and continued a clandestine uranium enrichment program, it did not test any missiles between 1993–1998 and again between 1999–2005, periods when the U.S. was providing assistance and engaging in intense diplomatic efforts."

They are now not testing missiles and it cost us not a single dollar of aid.  Suspending the military exercises while we work out issues diplomatically costs us nothing.  

Putin hasn't interfered in our NK efforts.  Of course you can't prove a negative, however given Russia and NK share a border he could have cause a lot of mischief and probably scuttled any agreement if he were inclined.  Better relations with Putin can mean better relations with his historical allies as well.

https://www.cnsnews.com/commentary/daniel-mitchell/are-trump-tax-cuts-actually-working
$C: we'll see what happens. until then it's pointless acting like it exists.
$C: Here is some light *reading*:

>	Broaddrick wanted to volunteer for the campaign, and says Clinton invited her to stop by the campaign office in Little Rock. She contacted the office a few weeks later while in the area for a nursing home conference. Clinton said he would not be in the campaign office that day and suggested they meet at her hotel's coffee shop instead. Upon his arrival, however, he allegedly requested that they instead have coffee in her room to avoid a crowd of reporters in the lobby. Broaddrick agreed.

>	Broaddrick says the two spoke briefly in her room, with Clinton describing plans to renovate a prison visible from her window if he became governor. Then, according to Broaddrick, Clinton suddenly kissed her. Broaddrick says she pushed Clinton away and told him she was married and not interested, but he persisted. As recounted in the NBC interview.

>	“Then he tries to kiss me again. And the second time he tries to kiss me he starts biting my lip … He starts to bite on my top lip and I tried to pull away from him. And then he forces me down on the bed. And I just was very frightened, and I tried to get away from him and I told him 'No,' that I didn't want this to happen but he wouldn't listen to me. … It was a real panicky, panicky situation. I was even to the point where I was getting very noisy, you know, yelling to 'Please stop.' And that's when he pressed down on my right shoulder and he would bite my lip. … When everything was over with, he got up and straightened himself, and I was crying at the moment and he walks to the door, and calmly puts on his sunglasses. And before he goes out the door he says **'You better get some ice on that.'** And he turned and went out the door.”

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Juanita_Broaddrick
$C: Nah that was a classic ad hom.
$C: you lack perspective. forward is associated with good but is it good necessarily? you must be very young. you don't know yet that words can mean different things than their prescribed definitions depending on context.
$C: So in other words you can’t.
$C: I would love to see any evidence you have of Russians sowing discord in both sides. I don’t think you have any. 
$C: I never said he was guilty of anything. I’m just saying he’s a baby back bitch. 
$C: Throw a frog into a pot of boiling water and he will jump right out.  Put a frog into some tepid water and slowly heat it to boiling and he will die where he sits.  Bury your head in the sand a little deeper. 
$C: *personally*, and that's a big personally, I don't care whether or not Trump is a good person. Heck, I don't care if we ever elect a "good person" as a president again. All I care about is whether or not they act in the interest of the people. I was born and raised republican in a republican home. I believe in capitalism, I believe in individual freedom, I don't think Trump is a Nazi. What I do believe though, is the reports from the CIA. It's very clear that Trump has been wrongly involved with Russia. For me, again with the personally, that's enough to convince me he is not acting in the interests of the people. I don't hate him, I'm not afraid of him, but he is unfit to be the president.

On your point about the logical fallacies. Could you show some examples? I read over the other replies and I missed them.
$C: No but wishing against the us government is exactly the context that was in the original comment. 

You're the one that determined that the US deserving something means US citizens and not the government.
$C: [deleted]
$C: I go outside to get in my car everyday. It has not caused me to garner an irrational hatred for Donald Trump yet. 
$C: [removed]
$C: It’s hard to tell if it’s legitimate vitriol towards liberals or simply use of hyperbole in order to try and discredit progressive values in western nations. 
$C: No because I gave you 4 chances to engage in discussion and you trolled all 4 times. 

You’re a troll because of your actions. Nothing more and nothing less. 

Quick and easy fix. Engage with me in my other comment and I tell everyone I sent this to that I was wrong. 

You won’t do that though. You’ll continue to act like I’m calling you a troll for no reason even though it’s fully within your power to prove me wrong. 

Also it’s “you’re”

Ironic you misspelled that in that specific sentence lol 
$C: Again, I'm more concerned about real problems than FB memes, but if you have a solution to dealing with internet trolls then by all means share it.
$C: You weren't questioning him. You were questioning me with the most insane hypothetical nonsense. I'm not going to discuss your rape and shit fantasies with you. It's disgusting, and it doesn't accomplish anything.
$C: They have a history of deceiving the public, and they aren't afraid of breaking laws. Why Russia? Why not? It's a simple boogeyman to blame the outcome of the election. Days after the election, the Steele Dossier is leaked, and here we are still arguing over the legitimacy of Trump's election. Ironically, the intelligence community is completely responsible for this country being so divided while blaming it on Russia. It's the perfect crime.
$C: No, he didn't. He presented a false dilemma which is a logical fallacy.
$C: Nope. You already admit it's a ball. This whole thing is a joke for you. 
$C: He's answered the same fucking question for over a year. It seems crazy that he just suddenly changed his answer and then changed it back to the same answer he's been saying for a year. I honestly didn't hear what you're saying. Maybe show me the quote?
$C: Hmm, weird how I’ve never once seen that come up from the media...
$C: And prosecuted I’d say.
$C: The uranium deal that took nine agencies to approve? I'm pretty sure she was only in charge of one
$C: Solid rebuttal. 

The investigation has lead to 31 indictments and 6 guilty pleas. 

No matter the connection or content of any of the pleas or indictment, this investigation was successful at uncovering corruption and high crimes against the US. (This is not to say that none of these are connected to Trump)

You can ignore this. But Americans can’t. We care about our country. Clearly you do not even care about your own since you’re so preoccupied with defending Donald Trump. 
$C: The only point I'm proving is there is zero evidence of collusion.

If there is someone will for sure post it as a reply to this comment.
$C: [removed]
$C: Well if the Democrats ever elect a foreign puppet bitch I'll make sure to speak out as strongly then
$C: Which emails?
$C: "fake news sites spreading false information about the WikiLeaks emails."

At least some reported emails are fake.
$C: Lol you’re funny. Trump even said Russia attacked idiot 

Edit: wtf you’re not even from America. 
$C: > I'm still waiting for that evidence that it was Russia. I mean, Clinton's campaign manager was claiming it was Russia before the election actually happened, so they must have something solid 2 fucking years later. 

Well ... you have those indictments. Actual evidence will be presented in court as is common practice. Not to mention that investigations take time. Watergate took about 4 years I think and it was not as "open ended" as the investigation Comey initiated. The FBI has to investigate **all** crimes they find during the investigation. Given that I'm frankly surprised how fast Mueller is. 

I just want to point out that most people agree that what Hillary did was fucked up and that she deserves some sort of punishment, but to completely ignore what Russia has and is still doing is even worse. Putin has done a lot of shady shit since he's been in power (and probably even before that). That alone should be enough for people to take this whole debacle very seriously. 
$C: Hello, I seriously urge you to read the indictments if you are looking for evidence. Although, indictments are not evidence themselves, they share very detailed occurrences on how the hacking took place and who did it. It is very convincing.  



$C: I mean, I gave you a name. Did you expect it to be Putin or Trump themselves doing the actual hacking? Because that’s what it seems like you’re getting at. 

And no, nothing may come if it, but it lays the foundation of the crime, of which there are conspirators...in the United States(government, imo). 

Oh, yeah, Trump was briefed on this before it happened, so that makes Helsinki that much worse, ya dope. 
$C: You’re willfully blind. Do you, others will sort it out either way. 
$C: Mmmmm Mmmmm. Got to down vote this comment three times!
$C: Well I'm not angry lol...but thanks for the concern :)
$C: [removed]
$C: I knew we weren’t getting anywhere from my first comment.  Judging by the outpouring of hate here though, I’ve certainly hit a nerve.  
$C: You only have to lie once. 
$C: And we continue with attacking the sources.  
$C: Good on you for admitting a mistake, man. Everybody makes em. Lord knows I've made my fair share of them on reddit lol
$C: Yeah, but it was all about Hillary and not at all about Trump at this point. Justifying someone's actions by saying that someone else did something just as bad or worse is whataboutism. Trump supporters constantly use this as an excuse for the actions of the president like its suddenly okay because someone has done it in the past. 
$C: So 11 times he threatened her with prosecution.  If she’s innocent she’s got nothing to worry about. Far cry from just throwing her in jail. 
$C: [removed]
$C: You seem to be done with this conversation, as am I, so I won't bother debating any further. 

However, if you do actually care about this country you should probably stop making overly biased summaries of linked articles, stop saying that direct quotes aren't actually what was said, and stop trying to force the discussion to be about how it's entirely Obama's fault on a month-old account of random numbers and letters because it isn't doing anything other than propogating the divide you claim is problematic. You just look like a Russian propaganda artist. 
$C: Because you sound exactly like a Trump supporter...
$C: Let the record show this guy doesn’t understand Cyber Security

Let the record show he immediately classified me as a bot because his argument was extremely weak after putting it together after 14 hours.


Let the record show that after calling me a Bot anything that is said beyond that is immediately canceled out and the discussion is finished. 


See I can do stupid shit nit picking too. Do you know what autocorrect is on phones? or are you just a BOT beep boop bop 

$C: Waited for 14 hours to respond? Are you crazy? Do you expect me to sit here and wait for you to respond so I can respond right away? I have other obligations to attend to (such as work) and I was sleeping for 8 of those hours (But i suppose a bot wouldn't know about sleep or work... haha, kidding). Beyond that, I actually wanted to take the time to respond to each and every one of your 'claims'.  

Additionally, I didn't "immediately call you a bot". I said that it was likely that you were one of four different things, *one* of which was a bot. You need to stop with the misrepresentation of arguments, but I suspect you don't want to because it's the only way your falsehoods can be remotely persuasive. 

I am well aware of what bots are as I'm a software engineer and work with them regularly. I'm telling you that your definition of a 'bot' is too narrow. Bots *can* be used to perform DDOS attacks on targeted servers, but they can be used for more:

* They can be used as a replication mechanism for malicious software
* Web crawlers are bots
* There are also social bots that are used to spread the same information on various social networks
* There are bots that search pages for digital vandalism to report them
* There are bots that work to augment social media bans by tracking suspicious behaviors associated with previously banned entities
* There are a large variety of different bots responsible for managing SEO, analytics, marketing, etc. 

I'm also aware of the difference between puppet social media accounts and bots and the first three items in my list of speculations about your agenda are not mutually exclusive with this account of yours being some sort of political puppet account. I'm sorry that I had to spell that out for you. I suggest you don't continue with this line of technical attack because I guarantee you that I am far more technical than you and you will only further expose your ignorance if you continue down this path. 

You're very clearly not interested in having a rational discussion about the issues and just want to fan the flames and argue about nothing. That's proven by your inability to respond to any of my counter arguments with rational discussion. I suspect that list of things you posted in response to me originall was collected somewhere and you just don't have a scripted response, hence all these strange, weird attacks and fallacies. 
$C: It's really not that hard to find concrete examples. 

https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/2017/business/russian-ads-facebook-targeting/?noredirect=on&utm_term=.d6fd98ec48bd

Other offences include telling Hillary voters they can vote by text message and Twitter. 
$C: lol. YOU GOT SERVED.


DEEEEAL WITH IT.
$C: Another one bites the dust.
$C: I didn't say everyone that could vote did.

I'll make it more clear for you.

Everyone that could vote, was able to. Everyone that wanted to vote, did so.

Forcing people to vote(as you seem to want to do) is may worse than people just deciding not to vote.

You keep wanting to throw these little digs into the end of your comments that are unnecessary. 

Luckily, I know I can ignore you from now on because of you describing the US as being " in the midst of a two year constitutional crisis."  That is simply not true and I believe you're just purposefully trying to stoke tensions.
$C: Requiring ID to vote is not stopping people from voting.
$C:  Well I'll leave you with one last thought that proves my argument
$C: Duuuuude I don't even bother to check anymore, I just assume every trumpie is a Russian at this point
$C: Russia hacked the DNC, and Trump is a Russian puppet.
$C: When I show you proof and you link me bullshit while peddling lies, yeah, that makes you a liar.
$C: There are lines that are unethical to cross. They crossed many of those. Russia being involved is something most would agree is traitorous to our country. 
$C: Yeah that’s what I thought. 
$C: Sorry, didn’t mean to completely hijack your original comment.  Yours just stuck out amongst a sea of, “Get the rope,” “treason,” “stupid effing GOP voters are X, Y and Z.” 
$C: Like I said, people are more than willing to yell "FAKE, AND HERE'S WHY!" *links article proving it's fake*
$C: You have zero understanding of the Trump Russia story. ZERO. Herp derp Trump would have won regardless, who cares about the investigation or if he is currently in Putin's pocket, right? 
$C: > Ever heard of Peter Strozk?

Go on. 
$C: Lol do the world a favor and NEVER procreate. 
$C: I just meant I didn't think you'd get a bunch of angry replies / downvotes on the comment you replied to me with.

I also didn't say it's irrelevant...? o.o Just that I doubt this thread will get a ton of traffic.

And again, I replied because I generally try to reply to people who respond to a comment of mine unless I have nothing to say to them.
$C: That’s true, can’t wait to see graphene batteries 
$C: >You never spoke ill of Hillary yet you voted for Trump?

Correct. I didn't think Hillary would be the disaster that many of my conservative friends thought she would be.

>Why?

Because I don't feel required to hate opposition candidates. I hold liberal views, and I hold conservative views. I don't think Trump is evil incarnate. I voted for Obama, twice. Neither Trump nor Hillary really reflected what I wanted in a president.

>Do you continue to support him?

Yes, he is my president, I want him to succeed. I don't support everything about him, but I probably support more of Trumps policies and actions than I would have supported of Hillary's had she won, so I am satisfied with my choice.
$C: To be fair, if McCain won and died in office, we could have had this wonderful shit show so much sooner.  Fucking "mavericks".
$C: So no argument. Good to see you capitulate.
$C: This really hinges on whether you believe the withholding of something you KNOW is crucial to the other party is ethical or not, abusive or not. It isn't direct violence, but I can certainly use the withholding of stuff to make people dance to my tune and psychologically it can evolve into abuse. Sociopaths exploit this with people's emotions all the time.
$C: And yet the example used of getting in trouble for being late is a fair comparison?

I would think that a student sneezing in the middle of class and getting detention would be more apt, rather than saying "teacher is unfair because they applied an attendance policy that is pretty common place in most of society, in advance that I knew about, I still broke it, and the teacher is the one being unfair".

Once again, it sucks that certain rules need to be followed, like being on time for things, and it sucks that there are consequences to those rules, but if most of society agrees that being on time is advantageous for all parties involved, then this is a good lesson learned. 

But using it as an example for why Trump is a dick head authority figure is not a good comparison. 

I was taught ay a young age to go to bed on time. It sucked sometimes, but as an adult, I'm glad I have a regular sleep schedule that was ingrained in me by my parents. Was it unfair? Yeah...to the child version of me, absolutely. But I don't think my parents were dicks for having a set bed time. And standing up to them over what I thought to be a dumb rule, at the time, only would have hurt my education, by being one of those kids who were always falling asleep in class. But yeah, I guess we could compare what my parents did of enforcing their authority on me, to what Trump is currently doing, if we really want to stretch it. 
$C: Ah moi la dernière fois mon Paris-Strasbourg partait genre à 7h de CdG, du coup c'est du lever tôt-tôt pour le coup.
$C: See, in other countries you don't need those big loans because education is covered as a basic right. 

I'm not confused,  sweety,  I just see how a severe case of a shithole country the usa is.
$C: I agree
$C: Where’s my sniper rifle and ice bullet👀?
$C: Reddit is not a government and this is basic decency. Racism isn't OK here so they can go spew it elsewhere.
$C: You to!
$C: One thing I will say is this: sure Russia's a bad actor on many levels. Maybe they did "hack" the election. What's the way forward? Why would they do that?
More dialogue is a good thing and we should support trumps step in the right direction. IMO the two most serious threats to human survival is global climate change and nuclear war. The risk of nuclear war is due to a conflict on the NATO Russia border, which is entitle possible and plausible. Any reduction of tensions is a good thing.

Also, why on earth would Russia shoot down the airliner over Ukraine...to get more sanctions installed on them? To promote American support of Ukraine? To make the world hate them? There's so much propaganda comming from both sides it's impossible to know what the truth is...so think about who would benefit from that plane going down...Ukraine under poroshenko? 

Edit: should say: the biggest risk of nuclear war is...
$C: If you look at his post history, you will see a long, racist skreed of anti-immigrant hate.

Whatever propaganda he's consuming, it's turning him into a hate monster who cannot even accept a single fact when presented to him, sourced by a legitimate news agency with a long reputation of being fair and unbiased.  

He cannot disprove these allegations, especially in light of the fact that the GOP are deliberately preventing the investigation from going forward because they will end up implicating themselves.
$C: Not that your baseless insults are worth a reply, but here is more information that proves that everything you have said regarding this issue is wrong.  It proves that you don't get real news from legitimate sources, and what you do get is so skewed that you didn't even know about this story that has made the number three story on Reddit's front page.

>"Over all, they described what appears to be another arm of the Russian government’s attempts to influence or gain information about the American political process. While Russian military intelligence officers were hacking into the computers and email accounts of the Hillary Clinton campaign and Democratic Party organizations, Ms. Butina was building connections on the Republican side under the direction of an official believed to be Alexander Torshin, the deputy head of the Russian central bank, who has established ties to Russian security services, according to the court filings.

>Secretly, she and others laid the groundwork for a $125,000 operation to connect with Republican leaders through a network of contacts with the National Rifle Association and conservative religious groups, including the organizers of the National Prayer Breakfast, prosecutors said. “The defendant’s covert influence campaign involved substantial planning, international coordination and preparation,” they said.

> **Magistrate Judge Deborah A. Robinson of Federal District Court denied bail for Ms. Butina**, accepting prosecutors’ argument that she was at high risk to flee the country. Prosecutors sought criminal charges after agents reported over the weekend that she was moving money out of the country, had her boxes packed, looked into renting a moving truck and had terminated her apartment lease. Judge Robinson noted that Ms. Butina, whose name was also spelled Mariia in court papers, could be sentenced to up to 15 years in prison if convicted.


Not only was she denied bail, but the GOP has prevented Congress from investigating Butina, and Mnuchin, Trump's head of the Treasury, made it legal to *hide* the names of donors to 501C4 organizations (political organizations), including the NRA on the SAME DAY that Butina was arraigned in court.


> **[The government is making it easier for “dark money” donors to go unnamed
](https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2018/7/17/17581384/irs-dark-money-nra-maria-butina-donors)**

>"The United States government is making it easier for “dark money” donors to keep their contributions, well, in the dark. The Treasury Department on Monday said it planned to end requirements that certain tax-exempt organizations identify their financial contributors on their tax returns.

>The decision means groups such as the **National Rifle Association**, Planned Parenthood, and the AARP will **no longer have to tell the IRS who’s giving them money**.

>The decision landed the same day as the Justice Department announced the arrest of Maria Butina, a Russian national with NRA ties who is accused of trying to influence US politics. Ethics experts say **Treasury’s maneuver will make identifying activities like those Butina has been accused of even harder to track."**


So, bail denied *and* the GOP wants to prevent the Mueller investigation from finding out who in the GOP got illegal foreign money.
Why is the GOP trying to block an investigation into Russian meddling and influence from a Russian spy on the SAME DAY that Butina was arraigned, only hours before she stood before a judge?

Go ahead, deny that this is real.
Here is the number three thread on Reddit's front page, with more than 40K upvotes, in case you deliberately missed it (so that you cannot deny it later):

https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/904wl8/the_national_rifle_association_has_deep_ties_to/?st=jjsqkbvf&sh=f5f9f5d5

Here is the story:
> **[The NRA Has Deep Ties to Accused Russian Spy Maria Butina](https://www.motherjones.com/politics/2018/07/nra-maria-butina-spying-charges-trump-campaign/)
Here is the years’ worth of evidence.**





$C: How about we start with your second sentence: every single ridiculous thing you guys compulsively feel a need to crank up to 11, like you think you need to talk about everything in the most insanely extreme terms in order to he taken seriously. Except that's *part of the fucking problem*.

The Women's March was vaguely kinda sorta about **abortion**. Why call it something more than that? That is literally the only aspect of "women's rights" that you believed was under attack but you can't call it that. You need to make it sound like women aren't going to be allowed to even have children or vote. You march around with stupid signs saying "my vagina is more regulated than guns" which is a statement that is a blatant lie.

You march around with vaginas on your heads and then you talk like  this march is because we're going to descend to Sharia law and women are going to lose the right to vote and have to wear Niqabs everywhere. 

Is it because you know only a narrow majority of even just women support abortion  (59%)? 
$C: Even if we are taking news articles as true none of this says votes were altered as the nature of their influence hasn't been defined   
  
Also what is killfiling
$C: Content, and do you really not understand how other countries aren't the US? It hasn't been a democracy for a long time, their politicians are bought by corporations. They don't give a flying fuck about public interest. They only care about themselves. Protesting won't change that, riots won't change that, burning down the fucking White House won't change that. 

This isn't the past, it's the present, and this isn't "other countries", it's America, the home of high class corruption. Your idealism is cute, but it's undercut by how much of a pompous ass you are.
$C: It sounds like your time is incredibly important, so one question that will only take 3 characters or less.. are you an American?
$C: I never said gender should be on *anyone's* mind while selecting a president. It should be the absolute last thing, but it seems like Americans didn't get that memo.

I am well aware of the black community's distaste for Hillary. You will note that I didn't mention it in my list because the black community has extremely valid reasons for their dislike of Hillary, and none of them are based on the bullshit reasons white people invented or heard from the GOP. 

I haven't patted myself on the back at all, lol. If anything I have been fucking torturing myself since the election because I want to know what else I *could have done* in 2016. Though these days that answer is increasingly looking like "nothing" based on the news about Russia. 

>A smoking gun is needed, and none has been found.

Yet. 

I personally think treason is a big fucking deal but you seem k with ignoring Monday's summit and Trump publicly siding with Russia 🤷‍♀️
$C: he was trying to discourage other citizens by pitying himself. If his situation is truly that bad, he has a reason to do something and protest for what is going wrong in the US to hard poor workers. You can pity yourself just so much. You still have to do something. There is a chance that he truly can't do anything, atleast don't discourage others who can. Seeing americans make so many excuses here and there while complaining that their representatives and senators do nothing is tiresome. Other countries have shown how it can be done
$C: Hahahahahha that you think trump isn't corrupt
$C: Hahahah no in reality I'd rather not go to fucking jail because I have a life to live. I'm not cool with the shit we did in the past and I'm not cool with the shit that's happening currently. How the fuck am I complicit in any of that? Even things that happened before I were born? You obviously think you are smarter than you are. Cut the fucking act and grow up. Why won't you tell me which country you are from? 
$C: I know he's against the modern GOP but his insanity contributed to us being here in the first place.
$C: How about this. If they were actually two different options to vote for, that would make sense? 

Who cares which you prefer? They’re both sort of shitty heads of a sort of weird country that is currently occupying other countries. It’s weird, man.
$C: Do you troll only on a weekday or this a all week affaire 
$C: I never said you should man and nor do I think that people should be beating the other over disagreements.

Just understand some topics will lead the other person to sometimes make a judgement about you. Sometimes that's good and other times it's bad. 
$C: Look at you and your investigative skills. Shall
I call you Sherlock Holmes or Starsky? What’s so wrong about my posts?  Guns are awesome and drugs are fun, but not at the same time. 

$C: I see plenty from both sides. It’s much rarer to see a linked source to a reputable source from the right-leaning arguments. That said, both make the mistake of believing and sharing every goddamned picture with words they agree with that can be easily debunked on snopes.
$C: Thanks for informing me about the social security information.  I wasn't aware of all the details.

&nbsp;

Yes, data security is a very serious issue.  The data being stored is ridiculous as well.  For that matter the Equifax is beyond ridiculous, to me.  There was no reason to store that data except to have it compromised, in my opinion, and unlike Facebook, it was data being stored without users explicit consent.

&nbsp;

The Russians aren't the only people hacking things btw, and I honestly feel that the insistence on that aspect is politically in nature, and this is without saying that Russians did not do all of the things you just stated.  So how do you fix those problems?  50 states each handle their own voting methods, including the machines and personnel used to count the votes.  To change that to a federal responsibility would be against the separations between federal and state powers outlined in the Constitution.  Then you have private groups like the DNC and the GOP who manage large portions of elections.  If one really cared about citizens electing their representatives, destroying the two party agenda would be my first priority, but that inherently requires a change to the Constitution.

&nbsp;

You've been pretty firm that your priority is democracy through elections.  I think you're entitled to that opinion, and that it is general reasonable.  However, for me, I do not trust that US elections, especially for the president have been fair for the last century.  I honestly believe, and this is based on things I've read, that those elections have been compromised and bought and sold on and off for the last 100 years, though not necessarily always by Russia.  You may consider that concept crazy, and I won't further that point much.  That said, I think it reasonable that some people wanted Bernie Sanders to win, some people wanted Hillary Clinton to win, and some people wanted Donald Trump to win.  I consider that we got as close to a fair result in that election as we have in any other election in the last 100 years.

&nbsp;

And, I'm not really underestimating intelligence services across the globe.  The NSA spies on all of the data traffic in the country every second of every day.  However, we're discussing a group of people, these Russians, who are exceptionally skilled at what they do, by the account of all the successes you've mentioned, and for some reason they were not skilled enough to hide their identity.  You're probably not going to know my age, my favorite pizza topping, or where I live from us having this discussion, and yet we're supposed to accept that 12 exceptionally skilled hackers gave up similar information to the people they were hacking.  I can't accept that that works in that manner anywhere in the world.  Furthermore, the evidence for these 12 named indicted is essentially, "trust us, we're the FBI!"

&nbsp;

I'm sure there's a good likelihood that Fancy Bear was involved in some of these attacks, as it were.  However, that knowledge shouldn't give up the identities of 12 individuals.  And I'm sure some of this information was shared with the FBI by the NSA, but the FBI is not willing to admit that, because people like me are less worried about outside countries trying to influence our elections, and more concerned with the fact that our government is spying on us on a daily basis.

&nbsp;

You also admit there really aren't examples of military hackers being extradited for this sort of behavior to be prosecuted and punished in foreign countries.  So why were the 12 Russians indicted?  My guess is it's purely political.  Releasing those names isn't going to further the investigation... Those names were released shortly after the president's administration announced a summit with the president of Russia, and my guess is that it was a purely political move to cast doubt on that summit.  If the president is really as terrible as he is, what's the purpose of trying to make things look worse if he's already capable of making himself look bad?

&nbsp;

So, it looks very much like a concerted effort to control how people think by playing into what they fear--that the president of the USA is being controlled by Russia, and that Russia has serious control over our democratic process.  As an example, when's the first time you heard about Fancy Bear, and how often do you hear about serious hacker groups?  Are you familiar with Stuxnet, for example?

&nbsp;

Maybe I'm wrong though, and even if I'm not, people are going to have different opinions on what's more pertinent and important.  I think that's fair enough.
$C: Oh, well my bad then. So you just don't like the idea of them getting a vote in school board elections?
$C: "Here's a fact"

"No"

Welcome to Trumpism.
$C: You're hilarious! What facts are you presenting exactly? At best this is an extreme reach to even get close to calling this "collusion". But again, this is old washed up "news" that literally no one cares about. Keep up the good fight though I guess. Hahaha wittle boy. 
$C: You're not even American, are you. 

Like I said - Troll. Your responses are just dumb insults. You could change my initial comment to "umm...trump supporters aren't uniting behind impeachment. They're doubling down on the waffling and lies." 

There - you can stop your trolling now. Nothing changed about my comment - if you're doubling down on waffling and lies at this point, it doesn't matter if I call you friend or trumpet. You're not for impeachment, you support Trump. Go whinge at the chip shop. 
$C: Gotcha

Fuck this timeline
$C: Ok so you can't provide evidence 
$C: :)
$C: It does not take long to hover over your name and look at your [snoopsnoo](https://snoopsnoo.com/u/a_supertramp) lol.

RES is nice.
$C: I thought you were my sister?

R u a girl
$C: > She lost my respect when she didn't leave him.

sorry, this is BS


>Tough on immigration (no pathway)


What about DACA kids? They were brought here as children and this is the only country they know.


>fix climate


And yet you voted against the only party that will even address it.


>working healthcare that doesn't fuck over middle class -ACA made insurance more expensive for people in the middle class


It's called medicare for all. or single payer

Dem party only. Reps thought everything was perfect before ACA, you know, when 80% of bankruptcies were from medical costs.


>create jobs with livable wages


in the eyes of Republicans, you are a communist/socialist then


>more checks for purchasing guns

And you voted against Hillary? That whole "not leaving her husband" thing must have a personal story for you or something.


>The problem with people like you is that you can only see things one way.


[NO the problem is that I pay attention](https://www.reddit.com/r/cantmisslists/comments/7gaq5z/both_parties_are_basically_the_same/)


and it frustrates me when others don't



$C: Well, since Democrats *weren't* in power in those places, it would be merely speculation on my part whether or not they would engage in Gerrymandering if they had the opportunity.

I strongly suspect that given the chance, they would. I'd be disappointed in them if they didn't.
$C: Это называется Google Translate. И это делается по иронии судьбы. Не каждый, кто не согласен с вами, это русский тролль или бот.
$C: How do you think the NSDAP rose to power in the first place?
$C: Okay but there's not going to be a war. There you go exaggerating like everyone who hates Trump.
$C: I mean, that has been true since forever, that things are now different. Yet wars always happen. I agree that right now it's not likely for a civil war to break out, but if things continue to degrade for a decade or so it might look different.

These things always seem impossible to some til they happen. Don't rely on "we are better now"
$C: I meant in this particular discussion, I don't think that point fit the context.

But yeah, the whole thing reeks and I hope we can eventually tear it out at the roots.
$C: Well that was my first contribution to this particular discussion, but I urge you to answer the question.

Would this behavior be acceptable from someone else?  From my examples?  If not -- if you would treat *anyone* differently if they were sitting in the big chair and acting the same way, I urge you to consider why.  *Why* is Trump getting a pass if nobody else would? 

Just please, challenge yourself.  Be open to changing your mind.  Don't drink the kool-aid.
$C: Then stop defending them. We don't need them. They need us to leech from. It seems like you hold them on some kind of glorious pedestal they don't deserve to be on.
$C: Did they shut off Hillary's side ? No they didnt, just Bernie. That's pretty convenient. The whole shushing thing is hilarious because its bullshit. She talked over him consistently and didnt get a word in so eventually he had to. Yes I am saying Bernie is not a misogynist. Is he immune to it? If someone is not a misogynist does that make them immune to it? The question itself makes no sense. He fundraised on the fact he got shut off for 24 hours losing valuable time. Your analogy isnt right. I'm holding the DNC and dws responsible not Hillary. Bernies campaign fired the guy. What more did you want ? The Clinton campaign could've filed charges. 

The dnc didnt "throw her under the bus." She displayed inappropriate behavior during her tenure as chair of the DNC and she was allowed to stay on. Dws resigned because she couldn't take the heat of the upcoming convention. Even Harry Reid said what she did wasn't right and she should've resigned way before that.

The religion email, I dont care about it. I care about the intent it shows, the overall attitude of those within the DNC to want to sway the election in ACTIONABLE ways in Hillary's direction. Do you think that was the only time something like that happened, because it sounds like that sort of suggestion was common practice by the way he said it.

Bernie didnt run a dirty campaign. A dirty campaign would be to smear her for the idiotic and borderline criminal behavior of running a personal email server rather than something secure. In retrospect that's what he should've done, frankly.

At this point I'm just going to agree to disagree because I feel there is an apparent bias in your perspective. We can do better as a party than to resort to the type of shit republicans are known for. It's a shame Clinton turned into such a corporatist and centrist or I would've voted for her in the primaries.

Just do me a favor and demand more impartiality from the DNC. Just professionalism is all I want. Then maybe in 2020 it wont feel like such a dirty loss if anyone favorite candidate loses a primary. 
$C: >That's done by the California Secretary of State

He was one of the biggest shills during the primary. 

>Not even responding to the fact that you are actually and provably factually wrong about Brooklyn, hm?


How is 100,000 or so voters being removed from the Brooklyn voter rolls helping Sanders? That link doesn't prove shit and you're talking out your ass. I can see you're just trolling and I actually think it's funny you were so easily manipulated by the corporate propaganda. Face it, she was so corrupt, she lost to someone that mocked physically handicapped people on live television. Sanders only lost because of the [media blackout.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iIUMxyEgxCo) I know you said you're allergic to youtube links, but the take away is during a critical pre-primary timeframe, ABC world news gave Trump 81 minutes, and Sanders received 20 seconds in that same period. The partisan hacks on the corporate "news" networks were offered access and threatened to be cut off if they didn't favor Clinton. All those fancy [Five star dinners](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lXk4E_LS33Q) for upwards of $180,000 per plate had to be paid for somehow. Good thing they spent the money there instead of having her visit Wisconsin or Michigan. 
$C: I have no idea what you are saying.
$C: If the Clinton campaign had that much access over every story that the media ran, how is that not a blatant violation of the public trust? They promised to wine and dine them for favorable treatment, and punish them if they didn't play ball. How is that acceptable? Simply because it was your candidate? 


>Need to know asap if we want to offer Jake Tapper questions to ask us.

https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/4077

Also are you still denying that Hillary received any debate questions ahead of time? What a low life cheater. Do you simply refuse to believe that? 
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2016/11/07/donna-brazile-is-totally-not-sorry-for-leaking-cnn-debate-questions-to-hillary-clinton/?utm_term=.0b9e382e136d
$C: Were you afraid that Obama would take your guns?
$C: formatting, dude.

I only skimmed both blocks of text you wrote because keywords.
$C: Are there State charges to bring though?  I suppose Muller could be sitting on some vast money laundering scheme of Trump's making, but we really don't know what he has on him at this point.  
$C: Seriously, dude, take a step back and calm down. I didn't attack you, I just said a joke (which I admitted was funny) was shitty and that you ought to rethink it. You've responded with straight-up homophobia (here's a hint: calling someone you think is a gay man [I'm not, I'm a lesbian] a "pansy ass" is homophobic.) You're way more upset about this than I was at any point in this exchange. If you can't deal with a gay person on the internet saying "Hey, maybe rethink this," I don't know... maybe get off reddit and go for a walk?

edit: Also, I'm genuinely interested to know what you think your "support" was worth in the first place. It took two comments which were not even vitriolic by reddit standards to make you proclaim that you don't care about gay rights. What were you actually doing for gay rights before this? Why should I care that I lost your "support"? 
$C: White and fragile?
$C: [deleted]
$C: Which President do you think reduced the debt during their tenure?
$C: I did. 
$C: It’s like you didn’t read anything, you absolute spanner... nobody said they liked Hilary. Jesus fuck. Like talking to an obnoxious wall. 

I’m embarrassed to be a TL fan with you. 
$C: Ad hominem - (of an argument or reaction) directed against a person rather than the position they are maintaining.

Look, I get it. It's hard to look up simple stuff. You do not understand what an ad hominem means. I attacked your terrible sources, not you. That does not make what I did an ad hominem. It's important to understand these basic things if you are wanting to have debates with people. 
$C: Dude you’re literally the only human being the word progress as a bad thing. You sound like a complete fucking idiot trying to make your point because it makes no logical sense. Maybe if a huge portion of the population used the word progress to only refer to leftist ideologies you might make sense. But no one uses it that way. Progress literally means to improve society. Saying you’re anti progress means you want to actively make society worse. You’re trying way to hard to sound deep and knowledgeable but you’re sheer idiocy is getting in the way 
$C: LOL. Typical. Troll harder. Much harder. 
$C: https://www.businessinsider.com.au/russians-organized-pro-anti-trump-rallies-to-sow-discord-2018-2?r=US&IR=T

That was easy 
$C: Preach!
$C: So why arent you fighting witg the ressistance? Hang the traitors! Concentration camps! Treason! Blaggghhgjghjjggh
$C: >No but wishing against the us government is exactly the context that was in the original comment.


No it was not. It was all of America. 
$C: Thanks for admitting you’re shit along with your country (since citizens are responsible for every individual in their country) 

I have a criticism for you. Your country is trash. Garbage. If America fucked with it, we only made it better. 

How does that feel? 
$C: Again you say it’s irrational yet you can’t back your shit up. 

Just because you’re ignorant to information. Does not make any hatred for him irrational. 

Grow up. 

Educate and inform yourself. 

You don’t have to be like this. No one is forcing you to be ignorant. 
$C: I’m waiting for Slate or Rolling Stone to do a really good long form piece interviewing these guys, to see what’s really driving them. 

I know the easy answer is “racism”, but we can do better. It’s such an important issue. 

Sometimes I think just a photo of them would tell us most of what we need to know. 
$C: Whatever, I've told you my opinions and my views. You just can't accept that and just keep coming at me with insults and calling me a troll. It's a shame you can't see past your own delusions. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: I'm questioning both of you.  And you're right, this accomplishes nothing.  Enjoy your golden bowl of Trump dump.
$C: Okay so nothing factual of course, just conjecture and conspiracy theories that you want to believe are true.

Let’s also just forget about the evidence piling up that links Russians to the [divisive memes](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/11/01/us/politics/russia-2016-election-facebook.html) on Facebook and how they organized [both sides of a protest](http://www.businessinsider.com/russia-trolls-senate-intelligence-committee-hearing-2017-11). But sure, it’s the intelligence community that is completely responsible!

They wanted civil unrest and they got it. Classic divide and conquer. You’ve been duped into believing that our own intelligence agencies are to blame because they’re investigating the guy you voted for.
$C: Source?
$C: Dude. You have to admit that's some grade A fake outrage over school board elections right there. Or at best completely misguided. You didn't answer my question whether you fact checked or not. Just deflected. So please tell me, how these school board elections are worthy of anything other than a laugh when trumpsters point and "REEEEEEEEEE election meddling!"?
$C: Whoa. Show me where he said explicitly that he believes the intel community when they said Russia interfered in the election. I have never heard him accept that. 
$C: God forbid people judge a president without bias. FYI, I didn’t even vote for the guy. 
$C: They'd go hand in hand.

But I guess by this point everyone assumes the report MUST say hes done something wrong and that's what bugs me.

Its entirely possible he hasn't actually done anything to charge him with.

And I'm not sure Reddit is going to be ready to face that.
$C: [deleted]
$C: [removed]
$C: Whatever helps you sleep at night man
$C: <3
$C: You mean like when they "elected" Hillary Clinton to run on the ticket instead of Bernie? 
$C: DNC ones.
$C: Well those emails were never released by wikileaks. Major news organizations verified the emails aswell.
$C: So you're telling me that they're going to spend the entirety of Trump's term in office arguing whether or not Russia had any involvement?

Ok then. 

When Obama was in power, you guys were talking about health care and all that kind of stuff. Now you guys talk about nothing but Trump.

TPTB wanted Trump in and they got him. What you guys get in return is another distraction from reality and responsibility. Americans on both sides, especially poor americans are probably in the worst position in the last hundred years financially due to rampant capitalism and diminishment of worker's rights and increasing wealth disparity, but you guys get to spend the next couple years chasing unicorns.

Fuck that sucks. You guys honestly do deserve better than this.
$C: > It is very convincing.

Fine, it might be convincing. Until it's proven as fact, it's not actually evidence.
$C: "Give me names"  
[Show indictment]  
"I don't recognize those names, so it must be a lie"
$C: Oh back to accusations without facts. Also I guess intelligence agencies shouldn't brief government officials on findings so you feel better. Ya dope.
$C: And it's at 0, that's sad and telling
$C: What. A. Joke.
$C: >I knew we weren’t getting anywhere from my first comment

That's because you aren't interested in facts.
$C: Is the second sentence there to contribute to your argument or to make you feel better? I honestly can't tell.
$C: > You only have to lie once.

In your experience, which news outlets do you trust that have never published a lie? 
$C: >You only have to lie once. 

Is a dumb fuckin' meaningless thing to say. I'm not five and deepities don't satisfy me anymore. 
$C: As long as sources are well know for using alternative facts and bending truth they will be attacked. 
$C: How about you address the actual content instead of lazily dismissing the source? Because snopes literally shows the payroll right there in the article.
$C: [removed]
$C: *as she sits free and unprosecuted lol*
$C: [removed]
$C: If you think everyone who might disagree with you over public policy is either a Russian propagandist or nazi, then the Russians have already won. 

Also, you're either illiterate or pushing your extreme bias. I explicitly stated a multitude of times both parties are to blame for playing politics.
$C: > Let the record show this guy doesn’t understand Cyber Security

Says the guy who has an overly simplified understanding of bots to the Software Engineer who regularly works with bots. Please, keep challenging me on technical topics. I look forward to showcasing your ignorance to readers. 

> Let the record show he immediately classified me as a bot because his argument was extremely weak after putting it together after 14 hours.

Correction: I said he could be one of four things, *one* of which was a bought. This guy is incredible at misrepresenting arguments.

> Let the record show that after calling me a Bot anything that is said beyond that is immediately canceled out and the discussion is finished.

Let the record show that this guy is making up his own nonsense crazy rules for discussion.  

> See I can do stupid shit nit picking too. Do you know what autocorrect is on phones? or are you just a BOT beep boop bop

Maybe if you took more time with your responses like I do, you wouldn't have this problem :)
$C: You can keep fuming at the computer upset with your life. Sitting here writing novels and saying you have more obligations. I answered 10 minutes after you did. You can puff up your chest like your important with your software engineering job. I can go off and try to sound badass with my job title (like you did) but I’ll just save it. I’m content with my life, my wealth, and my house. I can see you’re honestly upset at the world. You can see it in your posts. You go to your 9-5 and hate your life. You moved to a different city and had problems and you come on here to express yourself to Reddit. Trump is the top thing in your life that is ruining it. Which clearly is a mental issue that needs to be sorted out. 

I’m no longer going to attack you. I’m finished with this conversation. It’s in the realm of bullying. I’m not the one that immediately accused someone of being a bot Mr.Software engineer. That’s called attacking someone’s character. Just because you don’t understand the difference between code written tools and how social media accounts are created/maintained doesn’t mean you can mouth off a bunch of types of bots to correct your false statement from before. 

Please seek help. 

Go ahead and try to say you won. Because honestly, it’s sad. I’ll let you have your win. It seems very important to you. I will go on my marry way and continue to support the President that supports Americans. Ill continue to cash my checks that have more money in it because I have a president that cares about the waste the government does to take my money. 

Beep boop bop 
$C: This is actually good. I've tried to find some of this stuff.

From that article, the most popular of those fake posts was a post supporting Black Lives Matters. Reaching 700k people. Not really a huge number. Most of them have very limited numbers when it comes to impressions or click.

So it's not like these Russian ads were strictly designed for Trump to win. They were playing both sides. How would this be considered anything close to collusion?
$C: Like a pigeon playing chess.
$C: I'm not trying to gaslight you, but its pretty clear from the outside looking in that the US is fundamentally compromised.  I'm not saying people should be forced to vote, that's a straw man and twisting my words entirely.  I said people shouldn't neglect their civic duty because this current situation wouldn't have happened if people were a little more socially responsible and civic minded.  Most people can't even name their local representatives or are even aware they can vote on specific legislation as a citizen.
$C: The Supreme Court of the United States disagrees with you.

The added costs of taking off for work to get to a DMV plus the added difficulty for old people who need ADA accessible facilities, or who have tribal IDs, or who can't afford the ID fees represents an added barrier to voting. 

https://www.pbs.org/wgbh/frontline/article/north-dakotas-voter-id-law-is-latest-to-be-overturned/
$C: Furthermore, you aren't required to have state ID to register to vote (you can use alt. forms of ID), so to be required to use a State ID to vote to that you weren't federally required to have to register to vote is a little specious.  


Hell, plenty of people who never drive never get an ID, and states don't require it for anything else and the federal government doesn't require it to vote. So why do you all of a sudden need a state ID at the ballot box?
$C: [removed]
$C: [deleted]
$C: [deleted]
$C: mmm both sides crossed said lines in some way or another, people are just creating excuses for their loss. 
$C: No, that's my point. They just get paid to write the story. There is no difference. 
$C: Sure
$C: lol you have no idea of my understanding and I never said that but you inferred it. 
$C: "Dont worry we will stop him" 
$C: Lol I don’t think you ever will unless you pay for it so enjoy life
$C: I don't know if graphene will really hit the energy density as other chemistries.  It definite surpasses the *power* density though.

In the short term though super caps made with graphene will likely be very useful for EV applications.
$C: Just a pedantic note. Graphene doesn't make batteries. It makes super capacitors. Some key differences between the 2.

And while its energy density per unit mass blows away any traditional chemical batteries like Li-polymer, it has a pretty low physical density, which gives it a low energy density per unit volume. 

Still excited to see if graphene makes it out of the lab though. It has a lot of potential. 
$C: Well you're a great subscriber of cognitive dissonance if you still support the Donald after this week. He's made a fool out of America and as time unfolds, I do believe it will be shown that he's been laundering money for Russia for decades and very well aware of election meddling. 
$C: Showing me you're pissing on Admins because you thought it was cool what people said in another thread is not an argument.


$C: It really hinges on whether or not you believe in the sovereignty of the individual. If so, then I don't have any claim on what's yours (including your money and labor). If we engage in mutual trade, that's great. However if I don't want to employ you, or you don't want to work for me, for whatever reason or no reason, then it's tyrannical for anyone to force our interaction.

If I've made a contract with you, and you violate it, then that's a different issue. However if we're engaged in simple trading of labor for money, and I want to stop trading (no matter what side I'm on), then I should be free to do so. I don't owe you what belongs to me, and if you force me to give it to you it's theft. Getting someone with a big stick to make me give you what's mine when I don't want to is no less theft.

And compassion falls right in line with sovereignty. I wouldn't hire many of the people I give charity to, and I wouldn't work for someone who is a jerk. But that's my personal choice and not inflicted on me by bullies seeking to feel virtuous by redistributing what doesn't belong to them.
$C: You're missing the point. Noone is saying you shouldn't be on time for things. Again. I'm German, I pride myself in being a punctual person. But in this case it was only a few seconds. It was an extreme example. And not the example I chose. Someone else brought it up.

And almost nowhere in life will reasonable people punish you for coming a few seconds late. If you just apologize and have a good reason people will move on and don't care.

In my experience many jobs have flexible hours these days and when it comes to appointments noone cares about a few minutes.

And now you're bringing up parenting and sleep schedules? Sure....
$C: So you're saying because the USA doesn't provide tax funded college that it's citizens are worse off than slaves. That makes absolutely no sense and seems to come from a poor understanding of what it means to be a slave and how bad slavery was.

Also, I dunno if you read my comment but I just explained a way to go to college in the USA without loans, any able bodied person can work their way through school
$C: EVERYTHING YOU WROTE IS YOU MAKING WILD ASSUMPTIONS WITH NO EVIDENCE.

Just because the government says "We're investigating NRA money" doesn't mean A) They're guilty of anything, and it definitely doesn't mean B) YOU CAN JUST MAKE SHIT UP.
$C: Not to mention that most Americans literally cannot afford to miss work and protest. I mentioned earlier that if I called out for that and the reasons got back to my bosses, I'd be out of s job the next day. I'm not bullshitting when I say that. I'd lose my income and my health insurance.  So I, and many others, need to make sure it counts when we use our one chance.
$C: So your solution is calling anyone that's wanting change an ass? UhHuhOkay.gif
$C: That attuide right there is why there will never be change in the system just different shit polished slightly differently 
$C: Vaccilating on policy isn't treason.
$C: Only less corrupt than the presidents that left the office with significantly more money than they previously had 
$C: You dont need to know which country I am for. You're clearly American, so you probably cant identify it on a map anyway.
$C: So you think the same policies would be passed if Clinton was in office? Would she be putting pressure on legislators for funds for a border wall? If not, then there's a difference. Just because it's weird doesn't mean it's a wash. Mao's China and Neru's India were both weird, but I know where I'd have rather lived (spoiler, the one that didn't have millions dying of famine).
$C: Don’t worry I wasn’t worried about you accusing myself, I’m talking in general (as you are).

Yes some topics (actually a lot) will make people judge us. So be it. And if it’s good, then a new relationship forms, if not....then no relationship happens. And then next thing in life happens. Anyways....we both get it. 
$C: What about all the leftists who think there’s no biological difference between male and female? So many spout it, but you never see a reputable source for that, obviously. And I see that nonsense sooooooooo often. I see what you’re saying though and I appreciate you discussing this civilly. 
$C: The fact the democratic candidate has won the popular vote 6/7 last presidential elections shows us how broken the US election system is.
I’m not from the US but I think the 2 party system is bullshit. All that means is the vast majority of people don’t get to vote a party that represents their values but has to choose the better of two. 

They won’t be extradited no but now they can’t leave Russia without risking arrest. It’s also a strong “we know what you did” signal to Russia and possibly, hopefully, a deterrent to all those that might want to try doing what they did.

The indictment indicates these 12 are part of Fancy bear and that Fancy bear is the Russian military (GRU). 

You’re assuming hackers gave their info. I don’t know why you assume that. Read the indictment. It describes internet searches and bitcoin transactions made by these individuals. It’s obvious a lot of the evidence the prosecutors have come from the Russians computers. Unfortunately it’s unlikely we’ll see the full extent of their evidence since there probably won’t be a trial involving these people but the indictment gives us reason to believe some US persons might be indicted in relation to the hacking and spreading of stolen goods. Hopefully we’ll see some of the evidence then.

$C: No. I'm not particularly anti-immigrant, but I do think voting should be limited to citizens. It doesn't rile me up into a racist tizzy. I just kind think that's part of what being a citizen means.
$C: >What facts are you presenting exactly

Literally emails showing that not only were the Russians extremely up front about it being the Russian government who desired to work with the Trump campaign, but Trump Jr. himself responding with the equivalent of "Collusion with the Russian government? I love it!"

>But again, this is old washed up "news" that literally no one cares about

Lol, sure friendo. I bet if you keep repeating that the sky is cyan with green polkadots then suddenly it'll become true!

>Keep up the good fight though I guess. Hahaha wittle boy. 

Wow, it's almost like you're trying to use my tone against me, but have no grasp of how to wield the words.
$C: And why the fuck would you think that?
$C: I really don't know what you mean. It's pretty clear they didn't just discover politics in 2016. Either way, my original point still stands. They have hated and acted on their hate long before Trump.
$C: Dooohhhhkay.
$C: I am whatever you want me to be. Gender is a state of mind, bro. 
$C: Wait, even democrats agree that Hillary was an awful choice. But all of a sudden the election going to Trump is my fault? I never went out with signs or flyers or shared my opinions with anyone and tried to change their minds. I voted for someone that met most of my points. The best choice for me. And that, as a citizen, is my duty. Not to make others happy with my vote. 

I also mentioned before that my vote didn't count. Even if it was for Trump, it didn't matter. The district I voted in went to Hillary.

And as far as I know, I'm allowed to not like someone on a personal level. I don't know how many times I can say she lost my respect. I just expect something more from someone trying to promote womens rights. 
$C: Yeah I already considered that.  Never accused anybody of being a shill/bot but man do you come off as one. "Murican_Freedom1776"?  Come on.  Either way you are clearly a bad faith partisan actor.
$C: Propaganda.  I would probably sway my vote also if my only source of news was the newspaper I read once a week.  Aren't times a little different now?  
$C: You literally don't know that. Like at all. 

People didn't expect World War I to errupt, and those that did thought they'd be home before Christmas. The state of humanity is war and that fact that you're so quick to dismiss it shows you're taking the relative peace of the past 70 years-- less than a person's life-- for granted.
$C: I don't agree with any of this. It's absolutely idiotic. But it's hard to make a charge of treason, on purpose. But everyone here would rather hear from those that agree with them. That's cool, but weakens your ability to argue. 

So yes, challenge yourself. Perhaps do so with people that aren't willing to play nice. (glares at downvotes for pointing out the US Constitution.)
$C: I'm not defending them, you idiot. It's like talking to a brick wall. 
$C: > Did they shut off Hillary's side ? No they didnt, just Bernie. That's pretty convenient.

Because his campaign was the only one abusing it. And then, as you admit, he fundraised off them cutting him off for 24 hours *after his campaign abused it*. 

>I care about the intent it shows, the overall attitude of those within the DNC to want to sway the election in ACTIONABLE ways in Hillary's direction. Do you think that was the only time something like that happened, because it sounds like that sort of suggestion was common practice by the way he said it.

Then why weren't any of them in the emails? 

It shows that by May, when Sanders had already lost but was refusing to drop out, the DNC was frustrated with his zombie campaign and some members floated ideas of how to finally push him out. They did not *carry out these ideas*, which is the important part.

If you and I draw up a plan to rob a bank but never go through with it, we aren't bank robbers. 

>Bernie didnt run a dirty campaign. 

The voter data thing was disgusting, the fabricating endorsements was disgusting, and his entire campaign was a series of personal character attacks on HRC whereas the worst she had was "his plans are unrealistic."

And you don't seem to understand that one can do something sexist without being "a misogynist."

>Just do me a favor and demand more impartiality from the DNC. Just professionalism is all I want. 

The people who work there are human beings with their own opinions. I don't care if they like or dislike candidates. I would care if they ever *did* anything to favor or disadvantage one.

And since everything I've seen shows that the DNC's behavior in 2016 was the former, not the latter....
$C: You don't see how it helps Sanders that the removed voters were *less* likely to be Sanders' strongest demographic (young people) and *more* likely to be strong Clinton demographics (older people and Hispanic voters)? 

Really?
$C: So... you think that because they had a messaging strategy, they had access over "every story the media ran."

Good lord. 

>They promised to wine and dine them for favorable treatment, and punish them if they didn't play ball. How is that acceptable?

You're actually just making things up now. None of this is in the emails. 

Anyway, strongly getting the impression that you're just trolling me, so. Gonna stop here. Bye.

Edit: One final rebuttal since I'm not going to let you control the narrative here.

>https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/4077

Do you have no idea how media relations works? When you do an interview, you'll almost always get *some* input on questions *you* want asked. Like, if you're going on a show to promote your book, you can provide the host some questions that you want to talk about. That doesn't mean they'll always ask them, or they'll ask *only* those questions, or they won't ask any other questions. It's just a list of "here are the topics we'd like to talk about," and literally every PR agency or campaign with any competency does it. I'd wager good money Bernie's campaign did it too. 

I've covered my thoughts on Donna Brazile and her leaking questions elsewhere in this thread. Fuck Brazile.
$C: Not door to door theft - but further erosion yes. 
$C: Considering Trump's been cozying up to shady characters his whole career, I would say yes. There was a mob-connected guy he went into business with--and should not have been given casino licenses for that association. Yet somehow, he managed to do so.

Then there's the lack of funding from American banks. After he screwed over multiple banks by using the same property as collateral for loans, telling each bank there were no other encumbrances, he managed to extort his way out of that situation by throwing them a bone of collecting a little rather than nothing. Needless to say they weren't interested in further business with him.

The book "The Making of Donald Trump," among others, mentions these and other shady deals and connections. When you realize he quickly moved from building his own building to selling his name to put on them, and started doing this around the world, there's plenty of questionable associates in those projects. 

But again, your own country's banks won't lend to you, what's a guy to do? I know, launder money! And this is an open secret. Maybe as a private person he was able to dodge his way around investigations, but on the other hand, as POTUS you have bright shining lights on your entire life.

And that's just me remembering off the top of my head. Edit: Don't forget Cohen is being investigated at this very moment. He knows some stuff, as a "fixer."

I have a feeling there's going to be squish between federal and state charges. But after this week's behavior, I just want to start chanting "Lock him up! Lock him up!" I've never seen a POTUS so treasonous. I'm thoroughly disgusted.
$C: I'm surprised you didn't attempt a citizens arrest as well.
$C: Edit: found [this](https://www.thebalance.com/us-debt-by-president-by-dollar-and-percent-3306296) article when i googled it. Pretty intersting stuff. Not sure why you care so much about the national debt bc it doesn't seem to be a partisan issue
$C: Yeah, no reading comprehension like I said. Otherwise you wouldn't tell me to not use an ad hominem is response to you doing literally that. Keep waiting for the TV and Reddit to tell you what you are supposed to think, because I don't see reading and applying reason as a plan that would work too well for you. 
$C: Pob is life.
$C: You ad hom'd the source, not me.
$C: progress does not mean to make society better. read a book kid holy shit. your concept of the word is so tainted by your utter lack of perspective. it is in fact your sheer lack of understanding that is getting in the way.
$C: I meant before the election, but I do appreciate your source. Thank you. 
$C: Okay 1, no. It wasn't. 2. even if it was all of america my point is still that it simply proves that what we have done in other places simply can't be acceptable here.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Oh it's pretty irrational. Also it's pretty comical. You are actually so delusional that anyone who disagrees with *your* opinion is ignorant.
$C: Racism is simply a cop out for both sides most likely. 

What may seem like racism to us, isn’t a hatred of a group of people because of race, but simply a need to find a scapegoat for personal issues and grievances. Minorities are just the easiest targets. 
$C: Yeah, I honestly don't care. I post shit about elections in other countries. Everyone does it. I really don't see the problem. Meanwhile, China hacks our servers everyday, and no one seems to give a shit when they do it.
$C: Trump Derangement Syndrome. Get help, buddy.
$C: Lol, yeah... Russia posting some FB memes is the reason why this country is divided. I didn't give a shit about the intelligence community until they started leaking to the press after Trump was elected. They're playing politics. That's why there are hearings about their investigation. Now they're saying it might not even be Russia that leaked the emails because multiple entities have hacked Clinton's server.
$C: Why don't you stalk my comments some more and find it yourself.
$C: It's stealing votes for people in those districts. How is that not important? You're fine with foreign citizens vote on how your children are educated? The fact that you don't take any of this serious leads me to believe you don't care about any of these issues. It makes you a joke. You don't give a shit about foreigners meddling with our elections. You just want to spew fake outrage. Classic Trump Derangement Syndrome.
$C: *crickets*
$C: Me neither, I don’t even live in the US
$C: I doubt it. Trump acts like a guilty person.
$C: As soon as your narrative falls apart you back away, but I don't think this will be the last time you will repeat these lies
$C: Yes now you’re trolling because I showed how wrong you are about this situation. 

This is the common tactic by TD. 

I’d say that it’s due to lack of ability to critically think and address comments in a rational matter, but that would simply trigger you wouldn’t it?


When did I even mention Hillary? You mentioned her twice. This was he first time I typed out her name 
$C: Ok buddy, good luck with your battle with TDS
$C: [removed]
$C: [removed]
$C: How do you know theyre from the dnc?
$C: Which major news org?
$C: I think, if I can step in for a moment, that you're putting a lot of words into they're mouth, and making horrendous generalizations and strawman arguments here.

We're passed the point of questioning whether or not Russia had any involvement in the election. The proof with the indictments shows that at the very least. What's concerning now is whether or not Trump was a co-conspirator or not. It's a serious question to the fabric of our government's legitimacy because if it is shown that he was aware and accepted the aid of Russians in becoming president in return for something like sanctions relief, then he is an illegitimate president and must be removed immediately. He would be illegitimate because he was not voted in as a function of Americans having all of the relevant facts. Not only that, but his actions would be potentially treasonous because he would be actively adhering to the interests of our adversaries and providing aide and comfort in return for their support. Not only that, but he would be guilty of not registering as a foreign lobbyist, and would be guilty in the court of public opinion of lying and swindling the United States people.

Sure, there are other major, major issues in the U.S. that need to be addressed such as Healthcare, and there plenty of people still talking about it regularly. However, the issue of Donald Trump's legitimacy is far more fundamental at this moment, and so it necessarily deserves more of our attention as critical to the proper functioning ability of the United States Government.
$C: > So you're telling me that they're going to spend the entirety of Trump's term in office arguing whether or not Russia had any involvement? 

Given how fast Mueller is moving I doubt it'll take that long. He seems to be very aware of how important this is. Since the GOP doesn't really seem to be interested to do anything against Russia's meddling.

> When Obama was in power, you guys were talking about health care and all that kind of stuff. Now you guys talk about nothing but Trump. 

You are right that these kind of topics somehow are less prioritized these days, but they haven't disappeared. Sanders is still talking about health care and social issues in general for example. I do agree that there is too much Trump these days and that at least part of the problem is sensationalism by most media outlets in America, but in the end they are only giving us what we want, right? And it doesn't help that Trump is nothing short of a disaster. 

> TPTB wanted Trump in and they got him. What you guys get in return is another distraction from reality and responsibility. Americans on both sides, especially poor americans are probably in the worst position in the last hundred years financially due to rampant capitalism and diminishment of worker's rights and increasing wealth disparity, but you guys get to spend the next couple years chasing unicorns. 

To be fair poor people being in worsening positions is not an issue that only America has to fight with. Even Germany is no difference. The difference is that there is not as much of a problem in regards to worker's rights. Also don't forget that Obama tried to do something about these rights and in some cases successful, but a huge amount of proposals were blocked by Republicans. 

Here's the way I see it. Yes, there is an overexposure and yes, it's not always beneficial, but I do believe it will force more people to vote and hopefully help to give the Democrats back the majority in both house and senate. They might not be perfect, but I do believe that they'll do a better job than the Republicans.
$C: >	Oh back to accusations without facts. 

The only accusation was my own about conspirators in the government , which I put in parens to make clear. 

Speaking of facts, were you planning on bringing any to the party or just relying on mine? No worries either way, I have plenty and don’t mind sharing.


>Also I guess intelligence agencies shouldn’t brief government officials on findings so you feel better. Ya dope.


I genuinely have no fucking clue how you arrived at this from my statement. Trump was briefed on this prior to Helsinki (good), and yet he decided to be chummy with putin anyway (bad). 

Do you understand now? Or are you being intentionally obtuse?
$C: Ha well that's to be expected from a troll post like mine. Funny yours is 0 too...
$C: So just like snopes.
$C: Holy fuck, this entire thread is shitting on my sources but you’re going to shit on me for doing the same.  Leftist hypocrisy at its finest. 
$C: Please, educate us then. 
$C: [removed]
$C: lol, fuming at the computer. You're really digging at the bottom of the barrel for ad hominem attacks, aren't you? 

You seem to know a lot about my world views despite having said none of them. I have asserted absolutely none of my personal opinions here, I have only refuted what you have put forth, so everything you've said here regarding my views is incorrect. 

I also don't have a 9-5; I can work my own schedule and can leave and arrive whenever I want. Your attempts to craft narratives here are sad and falling apart. It's interesting that you admit that you are trying to attack me when I've openly admitted that I'm just trying to refute your positions in the name of discussion. Further reinforces my point that you are not interested in rational discussion. 

Trump is not the top thing in my life and isn't ruining anything in my life personally, so I'm not sure where you get that idea. I just really like practicing my discussion/rational argument chops and exposing others who are not arguing in good faith. (which, again, is you because you still have not responded to any of my counter arguments to your original post. Instead, you've been foaming at the mouth launching personal attacks.)

Furthermore, you seem to have really poor reading comprehension. I said you were one of four things and you seem to really be focusing in on the bot option to the exclusion of all others (the other options implicitly included puppet social media accounts, but I'm sorry I have to spell that out for you). 

You wanna keep trying? This is great for me as I get to practice swatting down all the logical fallacies and non-arguments you keep bringing to the table while at the same time inoculating readers against your fallacious 'arguments', if you can call them that. 
$C: What current situation are you referring to? Fundamentally compromised how?

You seem to assuming a higher voter turnout would have changed the results of the election. Had you considered that might not be the case?
$C: You don't realize what you got wrong do you?
$C: Russia hacked the DNC, and you’re a slave.
$C: Lies.
$C: That's both vague and misleading. Russia wasn't trying to get Hillary elected. They were working for Trump. 
$C: There is. You just don’t know what you’re talking about. 
$C: No you stated exactly that. The investigation is irrelevant and Russia's interference is irrelevant because Trump would have won regardless. You're a lazy idiot with his head in the sand, America is filled with them. When the indictments rain down it'll hit you in the face. 
$C: > our review did not find documentary or testimonial evidence directly connecting the political views these employees expressed in their text messages and instant messages to the specific investigative decisions we reviewed in Chapter Five

Oh right the guy that talked a bunch of shit but the IG report said it didn’t actually affect anything. 👌 Nice try though. 
$C: I'm not stupid enough to have kids. So I will be enjoying my life. Might move to Denmark, depends on if my job gives me the opportunity.
$C: >I do believe it will be shown that he's been laundering money for Russia for decades and very well aware of election meddling.

Yeah, I know a lot of people are worried about that. 

I am curious, how much Russian propaganda do you think you saw during the election?

How much Russian propaganda would it take to get you to vote for Trump? Do you have friends that would be swayed by seeing say, 3 pro-Trump memes on facebook?

There is no doubt that Russia meddled in our election, but I do question the scope of the meddling. Reddit only found about 600 accounts, and most only had a single comment. The number of Karma deleted was only a few thousand, hard to imagine it would have had a significant impact... I mean, I don't want to speak for you, but I assume a single reddit comment isn't changing anyones mind.

Facebook had a larger concern, with some posts suspected to be of Russian origin reaching millions of people, though it's unclear how many people were actually citizens, and again, who is changing their mind on who they will vote for based on a meme or two?

What do you think?
$C: And you're using your anecdotal evidence of people not caring if they are late from your experience vs. mine. So what?

And you don't think people care if other people are late? Isn't reddit shitting itself over how disrespectful it was for Trump to be a few minutes late for tea? And yet here we are saying, "nah fam, it's ok to be late and then stand up to people who expect you to be on time". So what is it then? Either people who are late like Trump are shitty people, or we should cut him some slack like everyone else. 

And before you say "but that's completely different compared to being late for class", remember that I already said being late for class was a bad comparison. Making the comparison in the first place has already tied Trumps actions to the actions of normal what situations, just like you saying that people should take up arms against their government just like they should take up arms against teachers with unfair rules, because that's the context of this thread apparently. 
$C: Seems like you only can get only one thing into your head at a time, so I break it down for you in a way, even you could understand :

1. Americans are modern slaves and here is why:

2. No affordable health care, no working rights like even paid holidays and a shitload of ways to get screwed over:

A: educational debts 

B: minimum wages you can barely make a living with

C: other debts due to all kinds of things that can happen to you including losing your job by the whims of your employer,  being kicked out of your flat and raised costs due to Anything that could happen to you.

You guys have no safety nets at all!

Your diet is really unhealthy,  people can shoot you anytime,  police is made of trigger happy racists and your government is a literal swamp!

And all of it is so normal for you that you don't even notice what kind of hell you're living in. 
$C: I didn't create the FBI investigations from Mueller or the Senate Intelligence Committee.

The fact that no bail was given means that there *is* enough evidence to inform the judge in the case against Butina and members of the GOP and the NRA that Butina is a flight risk.

The fact that the GOP have blocked the investigation into money funnelled through the NRA to Trump and the GOP means that there *is* enough evidence to warrant a trial.  The obstruction of justice by the GOP happened on the same day.

One cannot have a trial based on speculation or hearsay or false information.  
It all has to be backed up with evidence in court, and the FBI doesn't go to trial against an American citizen on such charges without being sure that they can win the case, because losing a case looks bad on their record, and they don't do that.

The FBI has prosecuted thousands and thousands of cases, and has a very low rate of having convictions overturned.

I didn't fabricate any of this.  It's all real.  The fact that you don't know about any of it shows that you only consume propaganda, and you're not telling the truth here either.  You have lied repeatedly here.

You just don't like the fact that your heroes in the GOP who support your racist ideology are probably going to jail if there is any justice, just like the four people who are *already* in jail who are directly connected to the Trump campaign.

Many of the indicted are Russians living on Russian soil, so they won't be extradited to stand trial.

But Butina lives here and works as a spy, and she got caught because she's stupid and left a long trail that was easy to follow, exposing the whole operation.

This doesn't even cover the fact that Manafort, Trump's Russian contact, is going to jail after his trial in September, and that he violated his parole to communicate with those that he was told not to, which sent him to a real prison.   
Mueller just announced that he has 500 separate pieces of evidence linking Manafort to the Russians.

This was always about the [Magnitsky Act](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2017/07/14/the-magnitsky-act-explained/), the sanctions that Trump was supposed to enforce *by law* created by his own party the GOP, and about the Russians helping Trump get elected through foreign illegal money and influence and by hacking the DNC and voter rolls, influencing a U.S. election.

None of this is assumptions.  It's all evidence based.  All of it.
Prosecutors don't "make shit up". but propagandists who you listen to definitely do, and what's important to note here is that this HUGE story unfolding is something that you repeatedly deny is happening.

You are *making shit up*, and you are shouting in all caps like a petulant child, proving that you have no facts or data to refute a single word that I've said.
$C: You *just* proved my point. It's not your politics, it's your personality. Not what you say, how you say it.
$C: It's not an attitude. It's a series of facts. Not liking them doesn't make them less true.
$C: Providing aid and comfort to the enemy is. 
$C: Hahahaha that you think trump isn't making money off hard earned tax dollars. Hahahaha he goes golfing and stays at his own properties hahahah how brainwashed are you 
$C: Why? Are you ashamed? 
$C: What are you talking about?

My original point was Obama did some shitty things.

He’s the head of a shitty country, would be hard not to.
$C: I'm not sure what your point on the popular vote is.

&nbsp;

I agree with you about the 2-party system in the US.  It's basically a blight on that election process, though I am unsure how the writers/signers of the US Constitution would consider it an error or not.  I would think in hindsight they would agree that it has consolidated power in a manner that is against the spirit of their document... However, I doubt they could have imagined the society we live in today, and were they aware of the history up until now, I also feel they probably would have expected more violent civil events to occur.  Thomas Jefferson even openly states that civil rebellion, in his view, is necessary to keep democracy free.  That isn't a perspective most people would agree with today I think, since death has become as insanely taboo as it has.

&nbsp;

In that regard, I do truly feel breaking up the binary party system would do wonders for the USA, eliminating first past the post.  Another large issue I see in American politics is that graft is seemingly legal; so much money goes into election campaigns today, that personally I see little difference between what US politicians do and what the Russians did.  It's not like the US has never gone through a recount of a revote of a recount.

&nbsp;

As for the Russian indictments, I am of the belief that this is political theater, and that it is pushed forward as an agenda to detract from, if not remove, the current president of the USA.  It's okay if you disagree with my evaluation there, but I make it based on the information I have seen.

&nbsp;

There is no point where naming members of a hacking group who are also military operatives of one of the strongest countries in the world makes sense to me.  It's one thing to suggest a hacking group did the job; information forensics can identify tools used, sometimes scraps of code which serves similarly to signatures, etc... And I'm willing to accept that very talented IT security experts were able to piece together that these attacks originated from fancy bear.  Identifying individuals does not make sense though.  Hackers do not leave their names, their faces, their drivers license numbers out for everyone to see.  You can point out internet searches and bitcoin transactions--I know about these things, and I know they can be used completely anonymously.  Hackers know this too, and they have methods for obfuscating their identities.  The government, and intelligence communities know this too, and that's why they can't and won't explain the simple details of how they arrived at these 12 individuals.  Instead they'll use big words and big ideas (like spear phishing and bitcoin transactions) to make the issue complicated and then state loudly that they possess a knowledge and authority to make such distinctions.  That's what magicians do too, and I am certain that this is magic trick.

&nbsp;

That's not to say Russians (or hackers posing as Russians) did not do the things we're discussing.  Realistically, I expect this sort of thing happens all of the time.  If your interest is to secure the Democratic process of elections, going after all of the hackers probably isn't the best way to do it; removing the vulnerabilities is probably more useful.

&nbsp;

Lastly, I don't recall any sovereign nation indicting military officers of another sovereign nation for hacking into secure networks.  It's an action without a clear result, again one of the reasons I firmly believe this is political theater.  What was to stop them from just making up 12 names and saying the Russians did it?

&nbsp;

To further my point about how difficult it would be to identify individual hackers, check out who authored the Stuxnet worm.  While you're at it, check out how much damage was caused by that worm.
$C: Wasting your time here. He has shown that he doesn't care about facts and instead demands his feelings to be taken as an argument. He lost, he knows it but he will never admit it. Typical Trump supporter really.
$C: Your speech patterns. I'm just ignoring you now because you're clearly a bot designed to waste time. 
$C: Not Thanks bro

But what is the mob you were talking about?

How did Muller interfere and stop it if it's in Italy?


$C: > I voted for someone that met most of my points. The best choice for me. And that, as a citizen, is my duty. Not to make others happy with my vote.

But your vote was meaningless. You really didn't vote at all. You might as well have voted for a fart.


>I don't know how many times I can say she lost my respect.


While Trump is rolling back regulations on coal ash pollution and lead, I don't see where "respect" comes into it.


It seems short sighted and petty.


Like there aren't bigger issues than whether or not you respect someone?
$C: Because of my username? Lol you're in here saying Trump should be impeached for lying to the American people and implying I'm a Russian because I disagree, but I'm the bad faith partisan actor because I have a "conservative-sounding" username? Come on man. Get real. 
$C: You shot yourself in the foot on that one. If logical evaluation alone couldn’t tell you, then there have also been studies that a huge percentage of Fox News viewers (which is a significant percentage of American conservatives) get their news exclusively from Fox. No other sources. And Fox is unashamed, unmitigated propaganda. 

So no. Times are not different now. Not for these people. And why should it be?  Living in the past is the entire ethos. 
$C: Most people get their news from a single network. Its a similar thing. People have the resources but not necessarily the will to utilize them.
$C: You don't know it either so maybe shut the fuck up and calm down.
$C: That information is incorrect.
$C: >None of this is in the emails. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lXk4E_LS33Q
$C: You just pointed out how she dictated stories to run encouraging Trump. Do you honestly believe the stories such as the "chair throwing" and that the Sanders protesters were the rioters in Chicago the day before the Primary. Those are examples of stories that were bullshit, in order to make Sanders look bad. 
$C: >You're actually just making things up now. None of this is in the emails.

Here is ABC news: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lXk4E_LS33Q
$C: Did that happen?
$C: Calvin Coolidge reduced our debt from approx $22 billion to $17 billion from 1924-1929.  We’ve had individual years of surplus since then but every administration since Coolidge has added to the total debt.

Also in terms of which party has added the most it’s currently neck and neck with each party overtaking the other as they trade off.

Edit: Just trying to point out that neither side should be chastising the other about total spending.  They both LOVE spending and really only care about what gets spending priority.
$C: I didn't use an ad hominem attack though, where you did call me a retard, so there's that. 

I'm not terribly concerned about my reading comprehension skills as I've spent over a decade building a career as a professional writer and editor. 

 I hope you have a spectacular day. 
$C: No u 
$C: >progress does not mean to make society better.

What do you think it means then? 
$C: Here is one article that cites Facebook ads that date back to 2015 that are both anti/pro posts for a range of candidates at the time. 

https://www.recode.net/2018/5/10/17339864/congress-russia-advertisements-facebook-donald-trump-president
$C: >You literally voted for a dude that contributed further to the absolute mess the Middle East is in lol. You voted for a government that bombed kids.


ITS ALMOST LIKE PEOPLE ARENT SINGLE OSSUE VOTERS. 

ITS ALMOST LIKE I DIDNT VOTE FOR THIS AND OBAMA WAS AN AUTONOMOUS PERSON AND NOT MY GOD DAMN PUPPET. 

>It doesn't feel like anything as I don't care what you think lol.

Welcome to the club. I couldn’t care less about your opinion on America because America is better than your shithole country. Guaranteed. If people like you exist in your country then I’m surprised it hasn’t been agreed upon by the UN to nuke it. 
$C: Fair assessment. 

Have you read the Cracked explanation? It’s the best I’ve found so far

http://www.cracked.com/blog/6-reasons-trumps-rise-that-no-one-talks-about/
$C: [deleted]
$C: Yea but are you being paid by government to troll like that? I think that's an important distinction.
$C: I'm good pal, you're the one eating a 70 year old man's shit.  Is that a symptom of Trump Derangement Syndrome?
$C: Holy shit pot meet kettle lol.
$C: >the intelligence community is completely responsible

You’re just flat out wrong which is why I brought up those two points. The US had deep issues to begin with, but the troll factories definitely helped get the ball rolling in that regard. Russia wanted to divide the country and there’s concrete evidence that they tried to do just that. It wasn’t just Facebook, it was all over Twitter, 4chan, etc..

It’s obvious that the reason you now have a problem with the intelligence community is because they turned their focus to the Trump campaign after dealing with Clinton. They’re not playing politics at all, they’re literally doing their jobs. Maybe Trump should have picked better people to run his campaign. I bet you loved what they were doing when they were going after Hillary, suddenly they’re corrupt now that they’re investigating Trump? Lmao.

> That's why there are hearings about their investigation.

You mean the hearings where Gowdy, Gohmert and the rest of those fucking idiots embarrassed themselves by *actually* playing politics by attacking Sztrok, a well respected member of the FBI with extensive experience in dealing with [Russian subversion re: Operation Ghost Stories](https://www.fbi.gov/news/stories/operation-ghost-stories-inside-the-russian-spy-case), over a complete non-issue?

> Now they're saying it might not even be Russia that leaked the emails because multiple entities have hacked Clinton's server.

Who’s saying that? The intelligence community? Got a source to back up that claim?
$C: So none then.
$C: I guess the big factor here is I don't subscribe too illegal immigrant = bad. These people being registered to vote are parents of children in the district. It's not like ole vlady boy is casting a ballot. It's people with children who go to these schools. I can't personally say I think it's a great idea. Mostly cause it gives screech fuel too the right.
$C: Deafening, isn’t it?
$C: You didn't show me anything.

What's your point? I posted in TD so what?

It's critical thinking that got me here, I used to think just like you until one day I woke the fuck up.
$C: Oh look at that you know a parroted abbreviation, aren't you a good little lap dog.
$C: Yikes.
$C: Oh yeah that’s right, dems can’t be corrupt.
$C: What? There are technical methods for which one can verify the emails that I don't wanna go into. Search it up, and it is easy enough to do yourself.
$C: >  The proof with the indictments shows that at the very least.

An indictment is just charges laid against someone who has been accused. They may be building a case but that's not actually evidence of fact until it actually goes to trial.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indictment

Have you never heard of innocent until proven guilty? That's kind of how that works.

> What's concerning now is whether or not Trump was a co-conspirator or not. 

To what? You have no evidence whatsoever that Russia is involved in anything more than using twitter. They have no evidence that Guccifer was Russians. Again, there's accusations. Until I see actual documents, i'm not buying it.

Apparently the DNC password was 'password'. Not sure if that's true or not but if that is true, hoo boy, we're talking black hat mystic hackers with l33t skills.

And the info the leakers took was incriminating and showed US politicians fucking over other US politicians on the same 'team'. I'm not actually sure why Americans would be upset about that. That's kind of doing them a solid by pointing out criminal actions going on in their election.

Again, not even saying Russia is responsible. Maybe they are, maybe they aren't. All I want to see is the proof.
$C: > Since the GOP doesn't really seem to be interested to do anything against Russia's meddling.

You do realize that there's a problem with this right?

The Democrats are trying to cover up the fact that Clinton cheated. You can't expect them to push a fair case against Russia because they have to prove Russia did it.

> Sanders is still talking about health care and social issues in general for example.

Yeah, way back in the nethers where he was pre election. Forgotten, alone...

> I do agree that there is too much Trump these days and that at least part of the problem is sensationalism by most media outlets in America, but in the end they are only giving us what we want, right? And it doesn't help that Trump is nothing short of a disaster.

Are they giving you what you want or are they forcing it on you and you guys have no choice in the say? I think the latter personally.

Your comment reminded me of an old Gwar song.

https://youtu.be/0uXT-FJuvFA

It's a lot funnier if you ever saw them live.

> To be fair poor people being in worsening positions is not an issue that only America has to fight with. 

We're being culled by globalists. It doesn't matter if you're in the US, here in Canada, Australia, UK, wherever. The globalists are taking over which is the big problem. All over the world, we're being swindled by global capitalists leveraging against us. They have no borders, we do, so it's hard for us peons to fight against something like that.

> but I do believe it will force more people to vote and hopefully help to give the Democrats back the majority in both house and senate.

Well yeah. That's why 2 party systems suck. You guys are stuck playing on a stacked deck. Both Trump & Clinton are CFR. The next election will be another stacked deck. It just goes back and forth. Obama, the great savior was full of shit. There's a lot of people who were not happy with him because he didn't do anything except help out a bunch of rich people.
$C: Just a few months ago we were bumping heads with Russia over Syria and went against them. It's politics.

And yeah let me pull some facts from your journalists

>The indictment lodged by a federal grand jury in Washington, D.C., accuses the Russian spies of hacking into the Democratic National Committee and the presidential campaign of Hillary Clinton, and of releasing emails obtained from that cybersnooping with a goal of influencing  the election.

Hmm, her emails...

>The indictment does not accuse any American citizen of committing a crime, nor does it allege that that the conspiracy either "altered the vote count or changed any election result."


But your hunch will happen im sure
$C: I was talking about mine... You downvoted it 3x but it is not negative.... I don't give a hoot about yours lol
$C: Can you link all the other instances of Snopes lies?
$C: Source it.
$C: Your “source” is a conservative opinion website. The purpose of Snopes is to prove or disprove myths and misinformation. They have a vested interest in being accurate versus TDC having a vested interest in spreading conservative rhetoric. 
$C: ...You do know we're not all a hivemind right?
$C: Tell me how he was wrong then. 
$C: 6 paragraphs. So upset 
$C: It would have.  Not through the results of the 2016 presidential election.  But rather the compounded actions of voters throughout the past three decades would result in an entirely different reality where this political nightmare isn't happening.  

What I have been saying since this conversation began was that Americans have abandoned social responsibility and civic duty for many decades, and that neglect has resulted in the turmoil that is happening now.  This isn't a new problem, its one that has been growing since the eighties due to social irresponsibility and civic neglect.
$C: [deleted]
$C: [deleted]
$C: Did Hilary not do anything un-ethical?

can Russia's involvement really be proved?
$C: and you do?
$C: Poor child. 
$C: Yeah I trust the IG report about as far as I can throw your soy riddled body.  They said there was bias but it didn't affect their decision making?? What kinda retarded shit is that?
$C: Enjoy it I hope it's everything you dream of. 
$C: Furthermore, I'm MORE concerned about Trump's insider dealings with Russia. Why is he having secret meetings with a murderous dictator that has been proven to have tampered with our election. 

I'm curious why many people around him have such deep Russian connections. I'm curious about his real estate transactions and why he won't release his tax returns. For someone who insisted on governmental documents from Obama, I find this contradictory. 
$C: I never said Trump is shitty for being late. I couldn't care less.

He is shitty for betrying his people and contributing to a global mess that might take decades to repair.
$C: This wall of text railing about socialized healthcare and education yet your education clearly has not been good enough for you to understand the severity of slavery for you to compare it directly to the current state of the USA. It seems like a stance that comes from living in privilege. I never argued that the US government was great or that these things couldn't improve society. I'm just pointing out the absurdity of comparing these problems to actual slavery. Even a highschool student would understand this simple concept, and we have socialized education through this level. You've also just made several claims that are completely false. We may not have every workers right like PTO but we have labor laws that do ensure some rights.
$C: [removed]
$C: For someone who keeps claiming the $30 million number is factual you sure are spending w lot of time running your yap about irrelevant bullshit and not a lot of time providing a link that says with absolute certainty that that dollar figure is accurate.
$C: You called me an asshole. Do you expect me to stroke your dick while I explain to you what needs to happen for the US to get back on track?
$C: We're not at war with Russia.
$C: •Be Trump
•Exercise
•Own properties
•Get harassed 
$C: Only by the way my government blindly follows yours.
$C: My point is the majority of the people voted for the democratic candidate 6/7 times and yet the US has had a republican president after 3 of those 7 elections. That seems broken to me. 

I very much disagree that it is theater. It happened. The intelligence community agrees on that. The special council is in charge of the criminal investigation into the matter and is bringing charges like he’s supposed to. He isn’t done yet. I very much fear there will be charges brought against Americans for conspiring with the Russians, knowingly or unknowingly. Whether or not Trump himself will be indicted or named as unindicted co-conspirator remains to be seen. 

The indictment is very detailed. I recommend you read it. It suggest investigators have been in the Russians computers. Perhaps even with similar key stroke capturing malware the Russians themselves were using. They know where they were located and they know it was these individuals. It’s extremely detailed. So detailed I look forward to seeing what comes next.


$C: When did I ever say anything about my feelings? Lol you guys are funny.
$C: I think you've got the wrong person. I'm just here to discuss fluidity of gender identity. 
$C: My vote was meaninless to you because I didn't vote for who you wanted. I voted my conscience which is my RIGHT and my DUTY. As far as my polling area going to someone else, so what? I can only do so much. I get 1 vote. I'm happy with my vote because I didn't vote for anyine else's peace of mind, just mine.

Hillary was never, ever even a consideration for my vote. Your party should have picked a better candidate. 

As far as the outcome, I didn't have a crystal ball, did you? Did anyone actually believe Trump would win?

Edit, it didnt read right so I changed punctuation and made small changes.


$C: > Lol you're in here saying Trump should be impeached for lying to the American people 

Where did I say that?

> and implying I'm a Russian because I disagree

Where did I do that *for that reason*? 

>but I'm the bad faith partisan actor because I have a "conservative-sounding" username?

You're a bad faith actor because you're purposefully misreading me.

Also your unprompted response to news about the President lying to the American people about a hostile foreign power is "yeah but your guy lied about something way less bad twenty years ago."  If you can't see what's absurd about that you're beyond hope.  Either you're acting in bad faith actor, or you're miserable stupid.  I'm going with a bad faith actor to your benefit.

Either way, you're what's wrong with America.  We'd be far better off without you.
$C: And, add to that the findings from multiple surveys that Fox News viewers are, on average, the least informed of all media consumers, including those that get their news from... Twitter.

It’s not necessarily a causality, it’s just that Fox News caters to lower-education, lower-income, suburban/rural folks that also on average score less on educational attainment (incl. big-picture/lateral thinking, critical thinking, and intellectual curiosity) than other audiences.
$C: Except if history has proven anything is that when international cooperation breaks down wars are more common. 
$C: And your basis for that is....?

[Here's the analysis](https://www.wnyc.org/story/brooklyn-voter-purge-hit-hispanics-hardest). What's your counter data? 
$C: Close but congress stopped him. Not for lack of trying. 
$C: [removed]
$C: Now that is an interesting source. I’m curious if it became more partisan after Trump was named nominee or not. It’s fairly obvious that Russians favored Trump over Clinton. That part is also confirmed by our intel community. I just don’t quite know the extent of it. 
$C: Holy shit, so deranged.

*sips tea*
$C: [deleted]
$C: The Trump administration is addressing cyber security for all agencies, but you'll never get perfect security. As far as trolling on social media, I don't think it's a problem.
$C: Nope. Just an ex-Democrat that is tired of neo-liberalism destroying the party.
$C: You're good literally obsessing over Trump's fecal matter? Okay...
$C: Lol, do you fantasize about Trump's fecal matter, too?
$C: > the troll factories definitely helped get the ball rolling in that regard.

There's literally no metric for how much it impacted the public. However, we do have a metric for how much the media talks about Trump-Russia, and it's non-stop. That all started with the Steele Dossier.

> They’re not playing politics at all

Is that why they leaked the dossier?

> Sztrok, a well respected member of the FBI

Is that why they pulled him off the investigation? He was overqualified? Lol!

>Who’s saying that? The intelligence community? Got a source to back up that claim?

According to a recent interview with Rep. Louie Gohmert, during a closed door meeting with ex-FBI lawyer Lisa Page, Russia didn't hack the Clinton server alone. "There were other major players."

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IK2Xr-D0EHs
$C: [Here](https://old.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/901p5f/two_weeks_before_his_inauguration_donald_j_trump/e2pa063/)
$C: > I don't subscribe too illegal immigrant = bad

Well, technically, they're not American citizens, just like the Russian trolls you're complaining about. You're saying illegal immigrants should be treated like American citizens. So... if Russia started sending trolls to live in America to vote, you'd be okay with that?
$C: You asked why the evidence hasn’t been presented. 

This is a clear sign that you don’t know how the judicial system works in America. 

Therefore you’re wrong about your assumption on this article. And clearly wrong about your assumption on the investigation. 

No one becomes a TD poster because they critically think. That’s an oxymoron. That’s the place where pizzagate originated from. The two ideas simp cannot coexist on that platform. You can’t have critical thought and pizza gate. Doesn’t work like that. 

We can test this theory if you want? I’ll even remain civil for the remainder of our chat if you can promise to do the same. 
$C: Son, I read the entire conversation between the two of you.. critical thinking wasn’t even close to your argument. 
$C: Are you in one of the death camps already? How is the WiFi?
$C: Still a liar.
$C: They can be they just haven't elected a foreign puppet to the presidency. Neither had the Republicans before 2016.

Why is this so hard for you to understand? 
$C: What methods?
$C: Google failed me
$C: I read this entire comment thread. For someone who loves honest journalism and evidence, you sure do throw out a lot of bullshit. 

An indictment does not equate guilt, correct. However, that specific indictment was very detailed for a reason. There are names, aliases, work station numbers, specific start/stop times, and actions performed. This indictment isn’t meant to convict 12 Russians, it’s meant to lay a foundation for the crime. After this indictment and our own intelligence community’s findings, it’s not a question whether Russia was/is involved, unless you have an agenda. 


I’m dumbfound that you’re doubling down on ludicrous conspiracies. Or maybe I’m not. 
$C: So remember that federal agencies just don't throw out indictment on a whim. They have actual evidence for that indictment and a strong case to prove it. And innocent until proven guilty doesn't mean that the evidence behind the indictment isn't true. And again go read about the Russian national who the FBI just arrested. But I'm pretty sure you're going to spin that into some obnoxious story as well. 
$C: #### [Gwar- Slaughterama.wmv](https://youtu.be/0uXT-FJuvFA)
##### 126,837 views &nbsp;👍835 👎45
***
Description: "Slaughterama"[Sang by Sleazy P.]With a battle cry go forth which is"Give the people what they want."And what the people want could only be the sensel...

*MarshallHeMathersXP, Published on Feb 9, 2010*
***
^(Beep Boop. I'm a bot! This content was auto-generated to provide Youtube details. Respond 'delete' to delete this.) ^(|) [^(Opt Out)](http://np.reddit.com/r/YTubeInfoBot/wiki/index) ^(|) [^(More Info)](http://np.reddit.com/r/YTubeInfoBot/)
$C: >Just a few months ago we were bumping heads with Russia over Syria and went against them. It's politics

No, that's optics.

>Hmm, her emails...

Annnnd bingo. I was too lazy research but figured you had an agenda. Yes, Russia targeted Hillary's (and the DNC/specific DNC employees) emails and computer stations...you know, the day Trump literally asked them to do so. But yeah, I'm sure that's just a coinkidink. 

>The indictment does not accuse any American citizen of committing a crime, nor does it allege that that the conspiracy either "altered the vote count or changed any election result."

Article 43, Subsection A identifies "a known member of congress" who contacted a GRU dummy persona for access to stolen documents.

Article 44 The GRU corresponded with "senior members of the Trump campaign"  including direct quotes of that conversation.

We're just learning these details, which I've been told definitely didn't exist and was just lefty hysteria for months (and, well, now), from Mueller's work. How sure are you it didn't impact vote counts or change election results? Are you positive there's nothing more to come from Mueller?
$C: Lol you actually said "buttery males"! Classic.
$C: I downvoted all three when you triple posted it. I'm not an expert on how the vote system works, and it seems the duplicates are gone now. How am I suppose to down vote one comment three separate times?
$C: I'm not sorry, I love practicing my discussion chops. Why on earth would you think I'm upset? I'm having a great time over here. 
$C: What political nightmare? What turmoil? 

Who is to say more voters in the last 3 decades would have changed anything? Those votes could very likely be split. You seem to be assuming that whoever didn't vote, would have voted the way you wanted them to.

I don't see how more people voting would have fundamentally changed peoples views.
$C: You still dont realize it do you?
$C: Ok slave.
$C: Russia's involvement is being proved. There is already overwhelming evidence. All of the intelligence community agrees. Some of the trolls have already made guilty pleas. The government is coming out with an education platform to help people understand.
$C: > soy riddled body

Go on tell me more. 

>Yeah I trust the IG report about as far as I can throw your soy riddled body.

Oh so you’re weak huh? Figures. 

> What kinda retarded shit is that?

Professionalism. 
$C: Thank you
$C: Sure I hear you. Government transparency is really important and I would agree with you that I don't like secret meetings from our officials.

How much Russian propaganda would it take to get you to vote for Trump? Do you have friends that would be swayed by seeing say, 3 pro-Trump memes on facebook?

There is no doubt that Russia meddled in our election, but I do question the scope of the meddling. Reddit only found about 600 accounts, and most only had a single comment. The number of Karma deleted was only a few thousand, hard to imagine it would have had a significant impact... I mean, I don't want to speak for you, but I assume a single reddit comment isn't changing anyones mind.

Facebook had a larger concern, with some posts suspected to be of Russian origin reaching millions of people, though it's unclear how many people were actually citizens, and again, who is changing their mind on who they will vote for based on a meme or two?

What do you think?
$C: And only if when growing up, he had some sort of rules and expectations instilled in him from a young age by his mentors instead of flaunting and disregarding authority figures. 

"Oh, the old head of the EPA says global warming is a thing? Screw them. I once read somewhere that standing up to authority figures is what needs to be done to keep down oppressive governing bodies. I'll stand up to them by doing what I think is right and not what the mass majority of the planet agrees on."

Literally, you're making an argument for Trump's behavior. At one point, he was the dissenting voice that didn't give a shit about following the rules and was standing up to the government... in the eyes of his shit head followers.
$C: [removed]
$C: 


>"In federal elections, the NRA typically ranks among heavyweight outside spending groups. For the second cycle in a row, it has earned a place in the top ten. But 2016 was a unique year for the organization, owing to the fact that many super PACs, like Karl Rove’s American Crossroads GPS, which spent roughly $115 million to elect Mitt Romney in 2012, declined to back Trump. T**he NRA stepped in to fill the void, putting at least $30.3 million on the line to help elect the real estate mogul, more than any other outside group — including the leading Trump super PAC**, which spent $20.3 million.

>By comparison, the gun rights group deployed about $12.5 million to help Romney in 2012.

>The close relationship between the NRA and Donald Trump began in May, when the organization endorsed the candidate earlier than it had ever endorsed a Republican presidential contender. Trump appeared before thousands of people at the NRA convention in Louisville, Kentucky, where he gleefully accepted the organization’s official support.

The graph of NRA spending on GOP candidates, money that is under investigation by the FBI as coming from Russian oligarchs connected to Putin:

> https://www.thetrace.org/wp-content/uploads/2016/11/FINAL_NRAs-Biggest-Bets-5200x0-c-default.png

Now, I don't have to explain that giving foreign money to a U.S. election campaign is not only illegal, but treason, and that it influenced those elections where those large sums of money were spent, every single race, every single one of seven races won with the help of illegal campaign money.  This is what is under federal investigation and Senate Intelligence committee investigation.  Those are facts.

.


> "The nonpartisan Center for Responsive Politics estimated that during the 2016 election,[ the NRA and its affiliates spent a record $54m to secure Republican control of the White House and Congress, including at least $30.3m to help elect Donald Trump](https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2018/feb/16/florida-school-shooting-focus-shifts-to-nra-gun-lobby-cash-to-lawmakers)."

.

>"Torshin did meet with Trump’s eldest son at the NRA convention, NBC News reported:

>" Torshin was seated with the candidate’s son, Donald Trump Jr., during a private dinner on the sidelines of a May 2016 NRA event during the convention in Louisville, according to an account Torshin gave to Bloomberg. Congressional investigators have no clear explanation for how that came to be, according to sources familiar with the matter.

 >Alan Futerfas, lawyer for Donald Trump Jr., confirmed to NBC News that his client spoke with Torshin at the dinner, but he said the men were not sitting together.

 > “Donald J. Trump Jr. was attending an NRA convention and having dinner when an acquaintance asked him to say hello to Torshin and made an introduction,” Futerfas said. “They made small talk for a few minutes and went back to their separate meals. That is the extent of their communication or contact.”


 >Spanish anti-corruption officials have identified Torshin as a “godfather” in the Russian mafia — something Torshin has denied.

 >**The disclosure is the latest example of a senior Russian official seeking to make high-level contacts with the Trump campaign.**"
$C: [removed]
$C: Hahahah golfing is exercise. He even cheats when he golfs. He's such a fat piece of shit. 
$C: Are you old enough to pay taxes in your country? 
$C: I don't see any reason to put faith into intelligence communities.  Part of their job is to lie; there's plenty of evidence which outright demonstrates that assertion is undoubtedly true.  How about when the intelligence community believed Iraq had wmds?

&nbsp;

Or more recently with FBI agent Strzok who was associated with the investigation of Hillary Clinton in the 2016 election, as well as, the investigation into the president colluding with Russia.  He's clearly been shown to have intense political bias while working on both of those investigations, and both investigations have been heavily mishandled.  Last time I checked investigators don't interrogate two people at the same time in the same room.

&nbsp;

I've also already demonstrated that countries don't indict military personnel from other countries for hacking.  Then there's the fact that those indictments magically popped up after the president's administration announced a summit with the Russian president.  Countries also don't make accusations against other countries right before a summit; it's a very bad action diplomatically.

&nbsp;

There's nothing in the indictment that makes sense and makes a reasonable claim for identifying these 12 individuals.  When you go to work, do you put your identification in front of the webcam at your work computer and announce who you are?  No, you don't, because that makes no sense.  It makes even less sense for Russian hackers to do that, and it makes even less sense for Russian hackers who work for the Russian military to do that.

&nbsp;

It's nice that you're interested in what's coming next.  I suppose Russia is just going to hand over 12 individuals, apologize for meddling in election processes for other countries, and promise not to do that again.  Except, even if that occurred, it wouldn't protect democracy, since the vulnerabilities are still there, and people exploit them all of the time.
$C: > this is old washed up "news" that literally no one cares about.

Your feelings. Nobody cares about them.
$C: No mother fucker you were talking about Italian Mob or some shit
$C: Obama tried to take your guns? How?
$C: I called you cute because I find you fucking adorable, not to prove your point wrong. While you continue to attack me for being retarded, watching TV (I don't own one), and apparently being Russian. 

So I'll reiterate: I think you are fucking adorable. 

Edit: missing words 


$C: It definitely became more partisan after Trump was nominated as republican candidate. Russian ads were focused on Trump, Hillary and Bernie. 
$C: [removed]
$C: [deleted]
$C: So you don't think that's important distinction?
$C: No but the irony of TDS certainly isn't lost on me.
$C: There’s no metric, so therefore it had no impact! Lol, give your head a shake. The point isn’t even how much of an impact it had, the point is that it happened.

Also the intelligence community didn’t leak it, Steele did, because he thought the FBI was sitting on it and protecting Trump, which they may have been because they probably didn’t want it to have an impact on the election before the claims within the dossier could be verified. So again, you’re misinformed.

From Wikipedia page on the dossier (won’t let me link)

> Simpson later revealed that "Steele severed his contacts with [the] FBI before the election following public statements by the FBI that it had found no connection between the Trump campaign and Russia and concerns that [the FBI] was being 'manipulated for political ends by the Trump people'."[46] Steele had become frustrated with the FBI, whom he believed failed to investigate his reports, choosing instead to focus on the investigation into Clinton's emails. According to The Independent, Steele came to believe that there was a "cabal" inside the FBI, particularly its New York field office linked to Trump advisor Rudy Giuliani, because it blocked any attempts to investigate the links between Trump and Russia.[42]

> By October 2016, Steele had compiled 33 pages (16 memos), and he then passed on what he had discovered to David Corn, a reporter from Mother Jones magazine. On October 31, 2016, a week before the election, Mother Jones reported that a former intelligence officer, whom they did not name, had produced a report based on Russian sources and turned it over to the FBI.[40]

As for this 

> Is that why they pulled him off the investigation? He was overqualified? Lol!

He was pulled off because republicans kicked and screamed claiming that he had a political bias against Trump and that it would affect the work he was doing on behalf of the FBI, which is ridiculous given the context of the texts and his track record as an FBI agent. Despite that, the FBI did what they wanted, and yet you clowns are still bitching about it months later because the republicans that are still backing Trump have clearly resorted to grasping at straws.

> According to a recent interview with Rep. Louie Gohmert

A Fox News interview with fucking Louie Gohmert is your proof??? LOL. Gohmert is the only one saying this. That jackass hypocrite was stupid enough attack Strzok’s character on the basis of his affair with Page, despite his unflinching support for a president that humiliated all 3 of his wives and had an affair with a fucking porn star. The fact that you think he has any credibility whatsoever is hilarious.

What can be asserted without evidence can be dismissed without evidence. Thanks for playing.
$C: [removed]
$C: I am, it's great.
$C: I’m just looking for substantial proof because I haven’t seen any of that in this article or anywhere for that matter, so until I do, Hillary’s uranium one scandal might as well be fact too.
$C: There are digital signatures in the source files of the emails, that can be verified to know for certain they are real. That is why the DNC never denied they were real.

Here is an article explaining the process:
https://www.zerohedge.com/news/2016-10-24/we-can-prove-podesta-emails-released-wikileaks-are-authentic-heres-how
$C: That was the joke, and technically no I didn't, l2r, I was pointing out quotes of the article and showing about the indictments literally go nowhere
$C: Says he’s sorry. Never questioned if he was sorry. Makes the statement “why on earth”. Meaning it touched him close so he has to make his statement known.


Super upset. 
$C: The majority of views dont need to be changed as trump did not win the popular vote.  And I  not talking about peoples political views changing. I'm talking about how the political landscape would be much different than it currently is, and not entirely compromised.

You do not understand democracy at a basic level if you dont see how more voters would change the political spectrum. 

Also do you seriously believe that the US is totally fine politically on both a domestic and international level?  Because its kind of astonishing that you need clarification of what's going on in your country.
$C: [deleted]
$C: [deleted]
$C: [deleted]
$C: Russia's involvement has not been proved there is already overwhelming evidence. All of the intelligence community agrees. Hilary has already made guilty pleas. The government is coming out with an education platform to help people understand.
$C: Now you're getting ridiculous.
$C: [removed]
$C: You must've never golfed before 
•Golf is exercise
•Golf courses are where men do business 
•The president is over 70 years old 

$C: My country doesnt have an age at which you become liable for tax, but I've been earning enough to accrue a tax liability for 30 years.
$C: I see absolutely no reason to put faith in Trump and his cronies since they lie every single day. 

Also remember the house and senate intelligence committees are led by and majority republicans. Everyone who has seen the evidence comes to the same conclusion. Russia interfered in the election in favor of Trump.

Strzok may have had personal bias but it wasn’t for Hillary. There were also anti-Hillary texts. He’s a republican and liked Kasichs. The IG report determined there wasn’t any evidence his bias influenced decisions made. 
A different perspective: Strzok has been part of counter intelligence investigations into Russians for years. He was in charge of the investigation into Russian interference before the election. Perhaps he has seen something that made him dislike/distrust Trump? 

I don’t know that indictments like this have never happened before. Recently someone who had been indicted but never caught was arrested somewhere in Europe when he left Russia. The 12 Russians indicted by Mueller complicates google searches somewhat.

They know where in the building each computer was located. It’s not a question of a web cam and ID card. They are showing the Russians and potential American co conspirators how much they know. And they know a lot. 
$C: Again, where did I mention MY feelings, and demand that you care about them? Lol
$C: Nah brah. Wrong dude, Dude.
$C: But you have no argument against what I'm saying? You are literally shitting the thread up because you think you sound smart. All those comments, and all you have to say at the end is that I'm cute? I sincerely hope the line about being a writer was fake because holy shit are you bad at that too.
$C: I guess that’s where I have a real problem. One hostile power, influencing people to select a candidate of their choosing, is a serious problem for me. Especially one who has shown no care for their attacks against our infrastructure. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: No, you're asking for a unicorn. Name one example you think Trump should do to prevent whatever you're complaining about.
$C: For what?
$C: I don't think you know what irony is. Explain what's ironic.
$C: >What can be asserted without evidence can be dismissed without evidence.

Absolutely. We have no evidence of how much Russia affected our election. We have evidence that they post FB memes, but we have no evidence of its effect whatsoever.

Glad we can agree on that.
$C: [removed]
$C: Ok cool, please save me a bed by the window. 

I want to be near the tennis courts but not so close I have to hear it, you know what I mean? 
$C: I see, so piles and piles of evidence along with him clearly behaving as though he is compromised is not enough for you. You need proof.

Something tells me you'll screen "PHONY WITCH HUNT! BUT BUT BUT HER EMAILS!! WHAT ABOUT BERNIE!!11" no matter how damning the proof that eventually comes out is.
$C: Huh so I guess the emails that Russia stole really were real what are we going to do to stop people from stealing emails in the future
$C: http://www.businessinsider.com/guccifer-2-0-dnc-document-russia-hillary-clinton-2017-11
$C: You can keep making up fantasies about how I'm upset, but it doesn't make it true :). Why is it so important to you that I'm upset?
$C: Super upset.


Says Trumps not the top priority in his life. 

Comments are all about Trump posts .

This seems to be the beginning of the end for DRUMPF. 

I can’t wait until his Supreme Court nomination is confirmed. I’m sure in the next 5 and a half years we will see at least another 

Beep boop bop 
$C: You realize a lot of pro-Trump people probably didn't vote as well? 

How is the political landscape "compromised"?

You seem to assume that if there were more voters, they would have automatically changed the outcome. That's not necessarily true.

Of course I don't think the US is "totally fine" politically(whatever that's really supposed to mean). You seem to be under the impression that higher voter turnout would have somehow changed that.
$C: You know what you did
$C: Do you copy-paste your talking points?
$C: Slave Pede, sorry. 
$C: You are straight trippin. 
$C: [removed]
$C: No I played real sports. Yeah he's an old fat fuck. 
$C: By the fucking way, I just remembered, you obviously must not golf either because this cheating fat fuck rides his poor cart up on the putting green, which is a big, fat no-no. 
$C: Cool, you still feeling self-righteous today? 
$C: I don't see how not putting faith in Trump and friends, leads to putting faith in intelligence communities and media who have been proven to lead false stories to gain something.  It's not really an either or situation here.  I mean, if you're admitting that you're willing to believe this story because you think Trump is a liar and you don't like him, then you have your opinion, and we're not really having a logical discussion here.  Since every point made will just lead back to, "yeay, but Trump is a liar, so it must be true."

&nbsp;

I don't trust the Republicans anymore than I trust the Democrats anymore than I trust intelligence communities.  I think you've mistaken me for someone who likes the two party dynamic in America, and I've already explained how that's not the case for me.

&nbsp;

Strzock probably has seen something he doesn't like about Trump, and a lot of people he's affiliated with feel the same way.  Strzock has already proven himself unreliable in a multitude of ways, and that's precisely why he was taken off the special investigation.  In two years, the best that investigation has produced is indictments for 12 Russian government employees (if they even exist) who cannot possibly add to the investigation (as they cannot be extradited and will never be interviewed), and for whom we're supposed to trust are actually culpable in these crimes because, "the FBI said so, and they are smart."

&nbsp;

Yeah, you don't know that indictments against a foreign government have never been made.  I also don't know that they've ever been made, but I do know that they make absolutely no sense.

&nbsp;

They aren't showing anything, that's why they indicted 12 people working under a foreign government.  If they had real evidence to show in this investigation, then they'd show that instead.  I don't disagree with pointing out that Fancy Bear hacked into systems related to the election, but that's exceptionally different from indicting individuals.  Hacking happens across the world every single day.
$C: That would be the quote. You feel like this is old news and you are raging that people don't care how you feel. Neither do I btw. So stay angry. Or don't. But please spare me the "those feelings are facts" answer.
$C: U monky?
$C: No, I made my argument in my initial two comments to you where I pointed out the reason this is a big deal, TODAY, is because the article linked actually shows confirmation in a way that hasn't been seen yet. There is no reason for me to continue to argue that point.

Definitely am a writer, as much as that may disappoint you. I even have books published! 




$C: I don’t know of any instance where someone was going to vote for Hillary and then changed their vote for Bernie Sanders or Trump because they clicked on a Russian bought ad on Facebook. And to impact large numbers of people to do it.

I’d say mainstream media and Hollywood had a much larger sway over voters. 

It’s important to remember that Russia along with other hostile nations have been attempting to attack American politics since the Nixon era. 

Even in Oct 2016, Obama said that elections cannot be “hacked” due to being so decentralised and there is not one instance in the past or present that points to elections being hacked. 
$C: [removed]
$C: [deleted]
$C: How about no off the record chats with ole Puty boy? It's definitely not a unicorn to expect a response to an obvious attack on our democracy.
$C: Well it seems to me that someone who classifys someone with dissenting opinions as a symptom of a "syndrome" sounds pretty fanatical and could be just as labeled "deranged".
$C: Actually there’s now evidence of blatant hacking and that Russians stole data on half a million voters, but again that’s not the point. The point is that Trump was briefed on this and then lied about it for over a year, pretending there was some ambiguity as to who was responsible for it. How do you explain the denial?

The only rational explanations are that Trump puts more trust in the words of a proven liar and dictator than the American intelligence community, which makes him a traitor, or that he was aware that this was happening all along and denied it in an attempt to obfuscate the involvement of people close to him, which makes him an even bigger traitor.
$C: Come back in 2 years and rub it in my face once Trump's in prison. I say this because I know it's not going to happen, I know it's all bollocks. Just like you know it's all corrupt. At least I can understand you have a different opinion to me. 
$C: Don't you worry only the finest.
$C: I see. So where is the irrefutable proof that Trump is a traitor puppet for Russia?  Because I’d love to see it and would even welcome an impeachment if that were the case. There simply isn’t. Just tons of left wing opinion articles and commentary from people poisoned with confirmation bias. The truth is Russia hasn’t gained anything from a Trump presidency that looks even remotely suspicious to support this serious claim that you are making.  Something tells me if Trump were to take more drastic measures and completely alienate the US from Russia or condemn Putin, the story would be spun in such a a way that these opinion articles written by these same people would be promoting a narrative along the lines of “Trump is trying to start a nuclear war!!!” Much of this “traitor outrage” ive been seeing is actually on par with the “BUT HER EMALS!” Argument you seem so keen to reference and point to as a reference of ridiculousness.
$C: That isn't an email...
$C: >Says Trumps not the top priority in his life.
> Comments are all about Trump posts .

In case anyone is wondering, this is another "affirming the consequent " fallacy. He believes that my behavior is consistent with trump being the top priority in my life and makes the mistake of assuming that is the reason, to the exclusion of other reasons. 

More information on affirming the consequent: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Affirming_the_consequent

> I can’t wait until his Supreme Court nomination is confirmed. I’m sure in the next 5 and a half years we will see at least another

Not relevant to our conversation lol. 
$C: I'm saying higher voter turnout over the past thirty years would mean that a trump presidency wouldn't have even been a possibility.

  Yes both sides of the political spectrum would become stronger, that's the whole point of what I'm saying.  More political awareness and involvement would result in more responsible and reasonable legislation and presidential candidates.  

The US president is accepting Russian intelligence over american intelligence, has taken every chance to compliment Russia on the international stage, has had private meetings with the Russian leader, a good portion of his cabinet has been indicted with charges tied closely to Russia, an even larger portion of his cabinet and representatives, supporters, and lobbyists have ties to Russian oligarchs and Russian government, the president himself is under multiple investigations for Russian meddling and has previous business ties to Russia.  Not sure why youre pretending that nothing is going on.
$C: [deleted]
$C: As are you..I'm inverting your reply.

we both give no evidence in or arguments, I'm just rewording things you say with no basis. 

$C: [removed]
$C: You're obsessed with hating the president. It's sad really 
$C: It’s not either or. It’s the entire intelligence community, including foreign intelligence agencies and the house and senate intelligence committees plus the entire history of Russian spying and Putin being KGB that leads me to believe this is true. If they were claiming this about Obama, who I like, or Bush, who I didn’t really care about, I’d believe them as well and want further investigation and explanation. 

Trump lies. That’s a fact and not an opinion. I dislike him because he lies. His lack of decency and trustworthiness is why I dislike him.

Strzok wasn’t removed from the case because he proved himself to be unreliable. It was because of the texts there could be appearance of bias. It was the right decision since they have been used to discredit him, and the investigation he hasn’t been a part of for over a year,ever since they were made public.

“Crimes happen all over the world so why do anything to stop them” isn’t an acceptable way to look at this. There is both a counterintelligence investigation and a criminal investigation into this matter. Mueller has indicted the Russians involved (or at least some of them). The indictment spells out what evidence they claim to have. Unfortunately it’s unlikely we’ll see them in court but since the indictment mentions at least two Americans who were involved we might see this tried in court yet. 


$C: Lol who's raging? I'm angry? Talk about projecting. I'm laughing my ass off over here and you think I'm angry. 

You think that me saying this is old news constitutes a feeling? Are you meaning an opinion? Cause they're not the same thing. 

You guys are sad. 
$C: >the article linked actually shows confirmation in a way that hasn't been seen yet.

Well isn't that just so convenient. I don't support Trump, I think he's a clown that won because he gamed the system. He didn't need the Russian's help, the Democrats handed him the election. All this sudden uproar over Russia doing what they have been doing for literally decades is what people should be concerned about. Now Russia is being given credit for swaying our elections to distract from the inherent brokenness of a system designed to reward the most popular person, regardless of how the vote happens. Bush won his second term on outrage, the system was broken then but where was the outrage? Now there is a scapegoat to point at and any further evidence of the voting system being broken and not representing US citizen's interest will just be blamed on Russians. This is literally propaganda.

Honestly, if all it takes is buying some Twitter followers and shitposting to bring our process to its knees, that's the bigger story, not inherently corrupt politician benefits from inherently corrupt and broken election system.

You claim to be a writer but can't see past the story you are reading to understand any larger context. What do you write, the phone book?
$C: It’s also important to remember that the Information Age is constantly progressing. What didn’t work in the Nixon era could definitely work now.  Just because you personally don’t know anyone like that doesn’t mean it didn’t happen. 

And Obama said that about their systems. Which we established about 10 times, we weren’t talking about. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: No, I've already explained what the administration is doing, but you don't think it's good enough or something. So now I'm asking you what you're expecting. Seems like you're unable to do that.
$C: Didn't know WTF this guy was asking for. Sounded like he wanted a problem solved, but it turns out he just wanted empty rhetoric.
$C: This guy was asking me questions literally about Trump's shit. Not figuratively. Literally. That is so fucking disgusting. Who gets so obsessed with a person that they have to discuss to random people on the internet in such putrid detail? Fuck, I think I should report it.
$C: I already cited what Lisa Page told a closed-door hearing: "There were other major players." Trump has been saying it for over a year. Unless you work for the FBI, then I have no reason to believe it was only Russia that hacked the servers.
$C: Again. I guarantee my opinion is based on facts and yours is based on ignoring those facts. 

Why won’t you accept my challenge to see if you can critically think?

Trump won’t end up in prison. Impeachment doesn’t end in imprisonment. Or he might resign like Nixon. But it took Nixon 2 years after the start of the investigation. 

If trump actually sees jail time though I will contact you and ask you to leave your country and exile yourself. Since you wouldn’t deserve to live in any first world civilized nation. 
$C: You know I'd really love to hold your hand and guide you through the wonderful land of collusion. 

However, the fact that you believe there is not a shred of evidence,
not even suspicious behaviour on the part of the orange one, and that Russia has gained nothing from his fraudulent election tells me that you are not a reasonable person or are acting in bad faith. Hence, such an endeavor would be a monumental waste of my time. 

There are other users on here who are much more patient and will take the time and care to post well-sourced information.

You can start with [this comment](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/901p5f/-/e2n6mtn)
$C: https://www.forbes.com/sites/thomasbrewster/2017/05/26/russian-dnc-hackers-planted-leaks-with-fake-data/

Doctored emails were reported.
$C: Not a liberal don't associate them with me I'm an asshole and so are you. This is why you dont make fun of chipotle workers on r/tennesseetitans 
$C: [removed]
$C: Hahahahha you're obsessed WITH the president. 
$C: Precisely, it's not either or, and the evidence provided leads me to distrust intelligence communities.  Saying Trump is a liar is not only insufficient to prove otherwise, it attempts to change the course and subject of the conversation.

&nbsp;

I'm sure Trump is a liar.  Politicians have to lie to win; I've already discussed first past the post; in order to garner enough support to gain 51% of the votes necessary to win lies are all but guaranteed.

&nbsp;

I agree that Strzok was removed from the case because he was caught saying things which could be perceived as bias.  They are perceived as bias, and it makes both investigations look bad, but that is not the only thing which makes those investigations look bad.

&nbsp;

"Crimes require justice".  If you care about justice, then by all means prosecute people who commit crimes.... Like buy and sell illegal drugs.  The more criminals prosecuted will not stop the illegal activity from occurring, but by all means, if justice is actually what you value than lots of people can be indicted and prosecuted.  If fair democratic elections is more important to you though, than indicting 12 Russian hackers which will never be extradited nor prosecuted, then that will not fix the problems, in and of itself, that caused this to occur in the first place.

&nbsp;

The indictment doesn't spell out what evidence they have.  Precisely because of what I stated about chain of custody.  They also will never outright state the sources for their conclusions (hint, it's probably the NSA spying on all the data communications).

&nbsp;

If the problem is a foreign entity messing with elections, then that's a problem to handled by the executive branch under the US Constitution.  Instead, this investigation is being made out to be a domestic issue which has a foreign vector.  Hint: many politicians probably interact with foreign actors, and the problem is probably much larger than Trump if it's as significant as it's being made out to be.

&nbsp;

We won't see the Russians in court, and if you're not willing to admit that these indictments (of which you can recall no government ever having made in similar fashion) made right after a summit announcement with the leader of the government the indictments are against is bad diplomatically, and at the very least appears to be politically motivated, then I have to wonder if you consider political matters in the same way that you consider IT security, which you've demonstrated to lack knowledge and understanding in.
$C: *sigh* And I specifically asked you to spare us the rage post about how you are feeling yet you couldn't help yourself.

Talk to somebody. The "I am actually laughing" rageposts aren't convincing anybody, not even yourself. If you were laughing you'd just move on. But you can't - you'll reply with more rage.
$C: I understand the broader context and agree that the system is broken internally and needs to be fixed.

In this thread, you have bounced from the argument around our own behavior as a country in destabilizing other countries, and have now moved on to critisizing our internal systems for election processes. 

Both of those are valid conversations to have, and certainly play a roll in the 'larger context', as you say, insofar as they are all a part of politics, domestic and global. 

If you look around, there is plenty of outrage over the voting system. Off the top of my head, the election spawned outrage and lawsuits in places like Brooklyn, Ohio, and upstate New York. Hell, i was a voter who was purged off the rolls incorrectly and then witnessed horrendous practices at the actual polling place.

Neither of your main arguments nor anything I've mentioned here, change the fact that the article posted (on the basis which this post exists) speaks specifically to a piece of information being confirmed. 

People have the right, and should, think confirmation is a big deal. Truth and confirmation are the counter to propaganda and gaslighting. Sure, getting worked up over this one article isn't going to solve all the issues at hand, but that doesn't mean it's not a big deal. 

I had never really considered the phone book to be an opportunity, as print advertising continues to see a decline. I write ad copy for major outdoor/camping brands, as well as health and food companies. 

In addition to that, I write books. While a few have been fiction, the majority are non-fiction. Some topics include financial markets and corruption, Haiti and its political issues, and the immigrant struggles to make it as chefs in America. 

But I'll check out the phonebook as a potential fall back. ;) 
$C: Damn dude you seem unhinged. 

Why are you so mad? Is it because your country is shit?

I couldn’t imagine living in a country that was so horrible that I had to go and troll other countries political discussions because my country can’t even pretend to have political debates without fear of imprisonment. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: That's not the correct use of literally/figuratively. Dude said enjoy your bowl of trump dump. I can't say for sure, but I dont think he means you have a literal bowl of shit in front of you. He means you are figuratively eating up what ever trump puts in front of you, which for must of us is obviously a steaming pile of orange tinted shit. You are strawmanning incredibly hard.
$C: Lol but it did involve Russia, you admit that. That doesn’t explain why Trump rolls over like a lap dog for Putin at every opportunity. Why is he such a pussy when it comes to Russia? Either he’s compromised, he’s guilty, or he’s spineless. Obama took action, Trump has done nothing.
$C: I used to think like you, until one day I was pushed to the edge with all of these extreme claims. I then decided to critically think and find answers. It took a while, but eventually I realised that evidence didn't matter anymore - for the media I mean. Like I said, I think you and I both have nothing to worry about. If I'm wrong, feel free to give me as much shit as you want about it. Until then, just simmer down a bit. 
$C: And you can start with this: https://imgur.com/a/uLntaYX

Have a good night sweetie. I’m done with this pointless conversation.
$C: [removed]
$C: Ah yes, the "if you reply it means this" trap. Very cunning. I just feel so happy you guys have to be so mad for another 6 years. It's delightful.
$C: I disagree that I have bounced around. My position has always been that this has always been known by all parties involved and releasing the information now has more to do with messaging than content.

This is a propoganda war and arguing the details of the story instead of the larger implications means the propoganda is working. Russians being Russian isn't news, no matter when they did Russian stuff. The context is they are one player in a game with a lot of other players, including the US who is the biggest player in the game.
$C: [deleted]
$C: The Trump adminstration is implementing more cyber security for all agencies. Unfortunately, that still won't fix unsecure private servers that had no right to be storing classified information in the first place.
$C: He's not figuratively talking about shit. He's literally talking about shit.
$C: >involve Russia

All we know is that they hacked servers. It's not confirmed they were the ones leaking specific material. There were many major players. There were so many leaks, it's hard to say what leaked from where.

Obama made a fit *after* the election. Trump inherited Obama and Clinton's mess.
$C: >I used to think like you, until one day I was pushed to the edge with all of these extreme claims. 


Name one. 

>I then decided to critically think and find answers. 


Okay let’s test this then. Shall we?

>It took a while, but eventually I realised that evidence didn't matter anymore - for the media I mean. Like I said, I think you and I both have nothing to worry about. If I'm wrong, feel free to give me as much shit as you want about it. Until then, just simmer down a bit.

Prove your claims. Not understanding how journalism works is not the same as evidence not mattering to the media. 

Here an informative article

https://www.google.com/amp/s/fivethirtyeight.com/features/when-to-trust-a-story-that-uses-unnamed-sources/amp/
$C: Thank you. That is a good description of your debate style, at least after you stopped screaming about her emails.

Good night
$C: [removed]
$C: I love how you still try to convince yourself that you aren't mad. I hope you won't stay mad though. Good luck.
$C: [removed]
$C: [deleted]
$C: Still confused. If I call you a mother fucker, do you assume I mean that in the literal sense, as in you actually have sex with your mother? No. If someone tells you to eat shit, they're not expecting you to go wolf a turd down. It's a figure of speech. FIGURE...as in FIGURATIVELY. Keep raging against that strawman tho. It probably provides you some relief from your TDS.
$C: Can you not just understand I have a different opinion from you? Even if you think my opinion isn't based on facts? We're just going around in circles here. 
$C: Never screamed about any emails but ok. Lol good use of the “I know you are but what am I” argument btw!!
$C: Happiest 8 years of my life. It's gonna be rough if you don't change your attitude. Bye.
$C: [deleted]
$C: >Election interference

What does that even mean? Hacking? Trolling? What? I'm answering your question, but you keep saying hacking isn't election interference or something.
$C: > If I call you a mother fucker, do you assume I mean that in the literal sense, as in you actually have sex with your mother?

If you wrote "mother fucker" then yes, it could mean you're talking about fucking mothers -- not necessarily mine or yours because it's ambiguous -- but having two separate words gives it uncertain meaning.

If you wrote the common use "motherfucker" then it would mean asshole or jerk or whatever. Same with "ass hole" and "asshole". If you need a better example to understand, think about "black mail" and "blackmail". Two completely different things.

Now, going back to "shit"; it's tricky. "Shit" is very ambiguous because it can mean several things. When he first used it, it was preceded by a question involving a hypothetical situation about rape. That's literally talking about rape. With that context, he continues to question what appears to be another hypothetical situation: eating shit.

Now, again. I can see how you might be able to argue that ordinarily that could still be taken figurative, but that's if you, intentionally or unintentionally, ignore the sexual masochism theme created by questioning accepting rape. Eating shit is also a form of sexual masochism, so it could be reasoned that he was literally talking about eating shit. 

Hope that makes sense for you, buddy.
$C: [removed]
$C: You have to admit, you got completely destroyed in that argument.
$C: Oh was that image directed at me? I honestly thought you were trying to tell me something about yourself because it seemed so apt.

You're right, you screamed about democrat corruption and rigging the primary, which is really just an extension of buttery males
$C: Man. Imagine being so angry about losing an internet debate that you try to lie to yourself about how angry you are.

Now please accept that I don't care how you feel. Your feelings aren't facts. You are angry? Nobody cares.
$C: [removed]
$C: [deleted]
$C: Mother fucker and motherfucker are completely interchangeable. You're going to need to point me to the grammatical rule that a space completely changes the meaning. If you asked someone what "black mail" was you think they'd say "it's a black letter dummy!"? You're really reaching here.
$C: Hahaha! k bud. Have fun with that warped imagination of yours. I’m sure Trump is going to be impeached any day now lol

And you screamed about republican corruption and presidential treason, just an extension of someone with trump derangement syndrome, who lives in logical fallacy and cognitive bias
$C: Clearly you care. A LOT. Keep responding. Keep telling me how angry I am. Its just proving you really care. And it's sad. So so sad. Keep losing though, I'm not gonna stop you.
$C: [deleted]
$C: https://www.whitehouse.gov/articles/strengthening-the-cybersecurity-of-federal-networks-and-critical-infrastructure/
$C: Could mean anything. Could be black color mail, depressing news, mail for African Americans, or a spelling error for the word blackmail. Probably the latter, but that's why context matters. And that was the main point in my comment.
$C: >triggered beta leftist

Aww look, it's retarded!

>logical fallacy and cognitive bias

Aww look, it knows words though!

Edit: Aww look he edited out "triggered beta leftist" it has self awareness!
$C: Lol. You edited our your incel speak! Classic.
$C: Awwwww the troll used an insult. 

Who’s a good little troll?

You are! 
$C: [deleted]
$C: Wow, Ironic display of ad hominem to discredit my use of the term logical fallacy. Lol you seem upset! Ok then, Ive had a good laugh and all but I’m turning notifications off now, However if you need to feel like you’ve “won” in some way by being the last to comment, be my guest hunny.
$C: I edited my comment almost instantly because I didn’t want to resort to petty insults. But if you want to call having a different opinion incel speak then by all means.
$C: Why should it? Russia isn't the only entity that hacks servers.
$C: I had no idea you were trying to debate. It seemed like you were just trying to make insults.

I hope you come back. This was quite an entertaining glimpse into your stable genius mind.
$C: No, I'm specifically talking about using the word "beta" as an insult. Classic dog whistle for the alt right.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Responds with more ad hominem while also saying I was the one spewing insults. Genius.
$C: So... you're demanding a retaliation for doing the same thing every country in the world is doing? Am I understanding you correctly? 
$C: Jesus you're like trump, denying shit you said a few minutes ago.

Did you not edit out from your comment you calling me a triggered beta leftist? Is that not an insult? Is "something something trump derangement syndrome" not an attempt at an insult?

If it isn't then neither is me calling you a stable genius

And how are logical fallacies even relevant when you already stated you were moving on from the conversation like 6 replies ago? I didn't realize I was supposed to be using arguments to change your mind at this point.
$C: Except you were with your ninja edited incel speak.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Every country in the world isn't paying is citizen to troll full time on social media.
$C: You're talking in circles. You can't even state specifically what you want, so you're playing a game of talking cryptic. It's fine that you don't know what you want, but it's a bit silly that you're demanding other people to know what you want.

I acknowledge that Russia, along with China, Saudi Arabia, Pakistan, and other nations, hack our servers all the time -- just like our country does, too, -- and I provided evidence how Trump is addressing that.

Maybe it's just me, but I don't feel threatened at all by Russia trolling on social media. If it scares you then maybe you should get off the internet. I'm not worried about their hacking because they've only hacked unsecure private servers that apparently anyone can hack.

Anyways, can you name something you'd expect Trump to do in his position? If you can't, that's fine; it's just pathetic.
$C: Most countries privatized their propaganda, so it's a little misleading saying other countries don't do it.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Please show me anither example of massive state sponsored disinformation from anither country.
$C: Condemning? That's it? Lol. Yeah, that's not going to happen. One, it doesn't fix anything. Two, it's Hillary's fault her private server's security sucks. Three, we don't have credible evidence Russia leaked anything -- just an assumption like weapons of mass destruction. 

Lol, I'm honestly happy he's not condemning Russia -- especially for the Democrats' hissy bullshit. They lost their own election. Fuck them.
$C: > state sponsored 

It's fine if it's Council on Foreign Relations or Shareblue because it's *privatized?*
$C: [removed]
$C: [deleted]
$C: Trump is actually fixing cyber security, i.e. he's actually doing something that matters.
$C: Happy that Hillary got what she deserved for using an unsecure private server. Can you imagine that idiot as president?
$C: Example? I'm legit curious.
$C: [deleted]
$C: https://www.whitehouse.gov/articles/strengthening-the-cybersecurity-of-federal-networks-and-critical-infrastructure/
$C: Are you kidding? Why do you think I don't give a shit about this Russian investigation? It's because Hillary is blaming Russia for her stupid-ass unsecured server.
$C: [deleted]
$C: I don't care about Russia attacking Hillary because she was too stupid to set up proper security for her private server. Sorry, but she should known the risk for taking security into her own extremely careless hands.
$C: [deleted]
$C: No, having terrible security on a private server while Secretary of State and while running for president is being a traitor to your nation. She fucked herself and her party.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Because she basically handed her sensitive information to Russia, herself, by hosting the worst private server in the world. If Russia was hacking our actual votes then I might care, but they hacked a server Comey labeled extremely careless.

Russia didn't attack America; private citizens that host terrible servers are responsible for their own shit. Wanna blame a president? Blame Obama. They hacked her server under his watch. And he only does anything about it *after* the election. LOL! Idiots.
$C: [deleted]
$C: She's relevant because you keep complaining about Russia hacking her server. Clinton's servers were absolutely hacked. Do you really not know this? What do you think Russia did? 
$C: [deleted]
$C: > foreign nation to attack US citizens

Which citizens were attacked? They obviously didn't "attack" everyone, so be specific. Who exactly was attacked?
$C: [deleted]
$C: I never said I was happy. I'm saying our government shouldn't be responsible for citizens private security.

BTW, I like how you have no idea what the Russians did, or that you're intentionally being obscure in your outrage. Explain what they attacked. I don't think you can.
$C: [deleted]
$C: >##RT Leadership Closely Tied to, Controlled by Kremlin
>
>RT Editor in Chief Margarita Simonyan has close ties to top Russian Government officials, especially Presidential Administration Deputy Chief of Staff Aleksey Gromov, who reportedly manages political TV coverage in Russia and is one of the founders of RT.
>
>* Simonyan has claimed that Gromov shielded her from other officials and their requests to air certain reports. Russian media consider Simonyan to be Gromov's protege (Kommersant, 4 July; Dozhd TV, 11 July). 
>
>
>* Simonyan replaced Gromov on state-owned Channel One's Board of Directors. Government officials, including Gromov and Putin's Press Secretary Peskov were involved in creating RT and appointing Simonyan (Afisha, 3 October).
>
>
>* According to Simonyan, Gromov oversees political coverage on TV, and he has periodic meetings with media managers where he shares classified information and discusses their coverage plans. Some opposition journalists, including Andrey Loshak, claim that he also ordered media **attacks** on opposition figures (Kommersant, 11 July).

Searched for the word "attack", and I only saw one place: some blurb about the RT network. And it only says *opposition figures*. That doesn't say American or not.

Is this what you're talking about?
$C: [deleted]
$C: >influence is an attack

No, it's not. It doesn't say that in the file you sent me. It's just an assessment of the situation. You're the one that's calling it an attack. I'm saying that's absurd. I'm all for being critical on Russia, but having a television network is not really that offensive.
$C: [deleted]
$C: I'm paraphrasing you.
