Found an old letter sent to my Mother who was struggling to make payments on my trumpet.

$C: My dad died when I was eight and my mom couldn't afford my piano lessons anymore. My piano teacher then gave me free lessons all the way till I graduated from the Canadian Royal Conservatory of Music at 14. She was a renowned pianist and easily charged a lot for lessons but she kept helping us out. It was a huge contribution to my life and I never forgot it. 
$C: *"Tough times never last, tough people do."* - James W. Jones

Edit: - Robert Schuller*
$C: Wow, I live 5 minutes from this place, maybe I’ll drop off some donuts tomorrow 


Updates 
On my way https://imgur.com/j6b5njR

Donut king
http://imgur.com/hLQWEDZ

Donuts
http://imgur.com/8Pr1627

 Not open yet
http://imgur.com/8h3AOra

Delivery made
http://imgur.com/xgQNeOM

The man himself
http://imgur.com/6jIbnlA

So here we go, what an amazing guy, super humble and sweet, I don’t think hunk he likes all of the attention and he made the point that he didn’t do this for the publicity at all.

Their phone has not stopped ringing since I was in there, they are truly overwhelmed.

I don’t think the business is doing that well, who’s interested in starting a fund for them? 


Edit:
We did it Reddit, we're famous!

https://www.mnn.com/lifestyle/responsible-living/stories/music-store-owner-good-deed-internet-returns-favor


Let's do some more good and buy some instruments and donate them to those in need

GoFundMe link removed


$C: It’s the small things that make a world of difference. 
$C: This is my father-in-law, guys!  He is every bit as kind and selfless as this letter makes him out to be!  

If you all are serious about giving, I could set something up.  I’m not sure what would be most appropriate, so I would be open to suggestions.  (I also realize that I would have to prove that I am his son-in-law.)

I can also confirm that the store is changing locations this summer (same plaza, different storefront).  So, the address will change slightly.  I look forward to hearing from you all!


$C: “You can easily judge the character of a man by how he treats those who can do nothing for him.”—Malcolm S. Forbes.

Drink a toast to a man of fine character: James W. Jones of Casselberry, Florida.
$C: When I was in the eighth grade my band teacher called my mom and told her that I was talented, and that if I wanted to continue to play, my current instrument would hold me back. At the time, I played my dad's trumpet, and it was 30 years old. That Christmas/birthday/the next Christmas my gift was my trumpet. I had to agree to play all the way through high school, and it was difficult for my parents to afford it- I believe it cost about $700-800. It cost enough that we timed the purchase for the same time we were going to a neighboring state that had no sales tax just to save the hundred bucks. I still remember the rain in the parking lot as I walked to the car, clutching the blue case to my chest. It was the most expensive thing I owned, or would own for a long time.

Band got me up in the morning, it made it so I went to school even when other kids sucked. It gave me something to work for, it gave me camaraderie and made me depend on others as others depended on me. It gave me pride, and showed me the correlation between hard work and reward. It kept me in college when I may have otherwise chickened out, given up and gone home. There is no rush like running onto a field with 30k people screaming in the stands, and music was the only thing that would ever give me that feeling.

I'm 33 now, and I don't play that much anymore- but that trumpet, a music stand and a book of exercises still sits next to my desk. I hope to allow my son to play it someday. The trumpet, band, music in general changed my life, it made me a better person and it made me who I am today. I'm getting choked up writing this, so I'll just say, this gift is powerful for someone like me, and something small really can change lives.
$C: Holy shit I got my trumpet from them too!  Hello fellow Casselberrian!
$C: you still play it? professionally??
$C: To the angry people on this thread - it went from "what a kind act" to "OP should give the trumpet back because he's not a professional trumpet player" really fast. 

I just checked out OP's profile and the guy is 21 years old. If trumpets are as expensive as y'all say - I sure as hell could NOT afford to "pay it forward" by buying a brand new one for anyone at age 21.

It took me literally 30 seconds to click on a post he wrote mentioning his age - giving me context I needed before I judged him. Maybe y'all need to take a second and step back from being keyboard warriors and look for a little information before deciding what kind of person someone is. 

First ever reddit gold- thank you kind stranger. :) I'm glad it was this comment that earned me a gold. 
$C: I have played and collected trumpets all my life. I currently have 9 of them that are in great working condition. Most of them I acquired at yard sales for less than $40 USD.

Seeing that this company is still in business, I have contacted them and asked how I might donate all 9 of my horns for the specific purpose of having them placed into the hands of students who want to learn, but who cannot afford their own.

While I do not know the status of James W. Jones, it is my hope that this spirit of paying forward remains a foundational core with Allegro Music Company.

Thank you OP for sharing, and for reminding me that a garage full of instruments that nobody plays is just a waste.

And who knows - maybe we can get more redditors to do the same. Maybe we can so inundate this company with old horns long neglected, that we might start something really great.
$C: I'm kind of curious why this post has the **US Politcs** flair. I assume because it has the word trumpet in the title, but even that seems pretty damn ridiculous.
$C: As a band director, if you have ANY instruments laying around not being used, please contact your local band and see if they'll accept your donation.  We often times have to turn away kids and it's heart breaking.  We are the one class that many of these kids ACTUALLY enjoy in school and many can't even take it due to the barrier of entry.
$C: Very cool. I like to do something similar. I've been playing guitar for decades and have more instruments than I need. Whenever I hear a friend / coworker say "I've always wanted to play guitar..." I say "here you go" and let them have one. "Give it back when you don't play it anymore and lessons are free". 

I think at this point my conversion rate is 100% with most people buying their own instrument within a year!

Edit: gold? Thank you internet stranger !
$C: This may get buried... but I was recently going through some old stuff from when I was a little kid. I found a homemade birthday card from my mom (single mom, only child). It was like old school early 90s clipart she made for me on the computer. On the inside it looked like a certificate. She colored the whole thing in with crayons. It probably took her a long time to make in those early days of computer art. The certificate said it was good for "$20 at Toys R Us this Saturday."

When I found this, my mom explained to me that my birthday fell just before that month's pay day that year and she did not have any money to buy me a present... so she made me the card and we went to Toys R Us after her pay day and I had no idea anything was amiss.

Thanks to all the Moms/parents/trumpet salesmen who kept a kid's childhood beautiful even when the world wasn't.
$C: This why I practiced clarinet fir 6 to 8 hours a day every day while in school and wanted to go to college for music future (which never happened thanks to life sucking) never put down the instrument it's a good way for expressing feelings 
$C: Applause to your mom because even though she was struggling, she still wanted to give you the gift of music and standing ovation to this generous man for not trying to repo a student trumpet.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Looks like they're still around, and online:

~~https://www.allegromusiccenter.com/~~

\* http://www.allegromusiccentre.com/new/ 

\* Florida is full of Allegro's, apparently.

So at least OP hanging onto that charitable Trumpet all those years didn't sink them.
$C: Jaques' Trumpet sounds like some indie band or a hipster "gastropub" 
$C: I grew up in 'the ghetto.'  My elementary school looked more like a prison than a school. 

In the 4th grade, the city gave the schools a pittance to start music programs to try and reinvigorate learning. Each student had to pick an instrument to play for a semester and I chose violin.

I honestly don't know how much it was to rent the instrument- the first semester was free because it was part of the required curriculum, but after that if we wanted to continue we had to pay. But I found out after a few months through a slip made by my conductor that he was covering the rental for mine, as well as other students.

I played for 3 years at that school, until I went to junior high. That school didn't have a music program and my mom definitely couldn't afford private lessons, so I fell out of playing. But I'll always remember the generosity of our conductor and how he inspired children to listen to, learn, and love classical music.

$C: When I was in sixth grade I was in band and I had chosen to play the clarinet which just happened to be the instrument my teacher used as well. A few months into school my teacher set up an after school program for the band kids who wanted extra practice. It had to be paid for, though, but it wasn't much. It was, however, too much for my mother to afford at the time (times were tough back then and they still are on occasion). My teacher knew I enjoyed playing, though, so he offered to pay for me and I  got go to the program!

I know he'll never see this, but Mr. Ross, you're awesome!
$C: When people lament the loss of small businesses this is what they're talking about. A corporation wouldn't do this.
$C: I hope if you have the ability OP you will pay it forward, and that you sharing this wonderful letter will encourage others to do the same. 
$C: This made me cry. My mom was a single mother of two and struggled HARD. But my brother and I never truly knew how hard, she always made sure we had everything we needed and always put us first.

She took a part time job at a daycare that she would do in the mornings before going to her waitress job, so my brother could go there and she got a discount. Her car broke down once, and she was in no place to get it fixed, but was fucked without a car. My grandma lived in a different state at the time, we had no other family to help, and without a car, she couldn't get to work. The director of the daycare let her borrow the daycare van for a week while she saved up to fix her car. I remember her crying on the way home and thought what's she crying for? She can use the van!

Ms. Gail was a godsend. She was the director of the daycare and had been in an abusive marriage, and when it ended, she was left with almost nothing and two boys to raise. I found out many years later that she was the neighbor of my best friends parents, and my bffs dad helped her with yard work and such a lot. She was a super nice woman, and eventually met and married a wonderful man, who happened to be a very well off surgeon. She got to put her boys through college, retire early, and go on beach vacations with her husband all the time. If anyone deserved it, it was her. My best friend had to move back home with her folks after a bad marriage and was struggling hard to raise her son. She had a ton of student loan debt, but worked really hard and was making a dent in it. Ms. Gail found out about her situation, and sent her a check for $500 to put towards her loans, so she could afford to start saving up for her own place. That woman helped my mom out so many times. I'm so glad she got a happy ending.
$C: My fellow trumpet player in band who taught me to play killed himself this weekend.
I know this is kind of irrelevant, but this reminded me of him.
Edit: Thanks to everyone making me feel better. It makes more of a difference than you realize.
$C: Maybe I'm just a baby, but damn this caused tears to well up.
$C: I have a feeling that this shop is about to come into some money. I can spare ten bucks but I'm kinda hoping it doesn't go to some big blowout xyz highschool band gets all their instruments paid for but instead goes to a fund that let's this Mr Jones donate instruments at his discretion.
$C: I've worked in music retail for 7 years. It's one thing to repo a car but watching a child's heart break because their parents can't afford an instrument is one of the hardest things to see.
$C: "Tough times never last. But tough people do"

-James W. Jones

... wow... I have shivers from reading that. It's exactly what I needed to hear right now.
$C: [deleted]
$C: James W. Jones the real MVP
$C: Place is still in business. But that shouldn't be surprising, as they clearly know how to be good people first.  

http://www.allegromusiccentre.com/new/


$C: Bunch of people claiming OP wasn't supposed to keep it. Even saw someone claim it was an ethical issue. Leave it to Reddit to try and shit all over a nice story.
$C: Man, some sad stuff comes up when you google mom’s name. Are you okay, OP?
$C: This is exactly how when I was in School. I would pay rent to Use the instrument. If you kept paying until it was payed off, you could keep it. And, If you don't play it anymore, return it. So someone else can use it. The place where I would rent from cleaned up and disinfected the instrument for the next student to use.
$C: Why am i crying in the Arby’s bathroom rn
$C: So much junk on the internet and so much disheartening crap on Reddit.  So, OP, thanks for sharing this uplifting story to balance it all out.  Did you thank that guy?
$C: My family has never really had a lot of
Money and I was in the band from 6th grade until I graduated high school in 2015. A few weeks ago I was cleaning out the garage with my grandpa and found my old snare drum that was still in great condition. Remembering how hard it was for us to pay for it, I gathered everything I could and drove down to the school and met with my old band director. I asked him if he could give it to a kid that otherwise wouldn’t be able to participate due to financial issues that were out of their control. I didn’t realize it at the time, but the amount of effort my single mother put in to make sure we could be included in what we wanted to do is truly amazing. I hope whichever kid receives that drum is able to follow his passion now and not worry about having to pay for an expensive instrument. 
$C: I just worked a shit-ton of overtime to send my kiddo to 'orchestra camp'. I know that she isn't some genius cello player... But every time I hear her torturing that poor cello like a pathetic cat, and she gets all excited to play her 'newest piece'... Well, it makes it all worth while, because she absolutely lights up, and I hope that she does better than me in life. That's all I want... Good for your momma and an understanding instrument rental guy...
$C: So it all ended on a good note?
$C: Reddit spends money on a lot of stupid crap. We should do that with this shop.

Make karma real. They did a good thing and sacrificed a couple hundred dollars, we can send back thousands. 

I'm good for $5 if someone finds this music shop and sets up a fund. 
$C: That's pretty cool. When I was young my parents rented a Trombone for me and an Alto Sax for my sister. They didn't realize that it was a "rent to own" situation but that they had to sign some paperwork after the payments were satisfied to own the instruments. Instead, they kept paying the monthly rent for almost a year longer than necessary. When my dad went to the store to ask how many more payments he owned they said: "good news, you now own the instruments and here is a refund for your overpayment". As a family with little money at the time, this was a huge windfall for my parents. (I estimate it was around $1000) and it was pretty cool of the instrument shop to do that. 
$C: Everything's political nowadays. Seriously though, that's wholesome AF
$C: r/humansbeingbros
$C: My sister's music teacher gave me a flute that he had inherited from his uncle when I was in middle school. I played in band throughout high school and then too it to Germany when I went on a study abroad and played in two different bands/orchestras and used it to make a lot of friends. When I was a freshman in college the local music store in my hometown had a going out of business sale so I was able to buy my own, much better, flute at a real bargain price. When I returned the flute to it's original owner, he was momentarily upset and distraught because he thought I had given up playing. I explained that I'd gotten a new one, which brightened his day considerably. I think it was then donated to the school district when I was done with it. 
$C: I remember vividly lieing to my mom about fairing my tryouts for band in middleschool because of the cost ... My director went behind my back and called my mom and told her how I was talented and how I wanted this . I cried for years after thinking about how much she spent on my sax and at the time how we 100% could not afford it . 

I threw myself into band and music I stayed extra after school when just to play and study took an extra class every summer just to play. In hs students in gifted could test out year 2 and start taking college courses and not come to school  just go to the college  campus .I did just that but scheduled every everything at night and took a whole 2 years of nothing but music classes in the morning at school for no extra credits . 
Music saved my life and in the darkest times of my depression kept me grounded to each and away from the suicidal thoughts . I made all State jazz and Got a scholarship to college (partial) on this thing instument I never wanted to force my mom to pay . A few years ago I went through some bad times and to save my self I sold the sax . I lay awake at night sometimes and wonder if it was worth it .

TLDR; this post hit me harder than I thought it would 
$C: well now im crying a bit
$C: The URL is still active. Hopefully this good deed will drum up some business!
$C: Did you stick with it? 
$C: 2009 is considered "old" now?  Ugh.
$C: When I was in elementary I played the cello in orchestra. One day I leaned it against my moms car after school and forgot. She backed over it. It was super damaged. Needless to say she was furious and I was in deep shit. There were four of us kids and my mom and dad were super pissed they would have to pay for a cello (it was rented). The people at the cello place took me aside and said they would replace the cello and not charge us as long as I didn’t quit. It meant a lot to me because my mom took the heat off me and I’m sure it meant a lot to my mom, as she didn’t have to buy a new instrument. 
$C: Empathy and compassion make the world go ‘round. 
$C: Band director here, bassoonist since 1991. 

This letter hits home harder than I realized.

I had the great fortune of knowing an amazing teacher who gave me free lessons every week from 8th grade, all the way through my senior year of college. He opened so many doors for me. He sold me $100 reed knives for a penny. He made me a fucking $3000 reed making machine.  He’s the one that made me want to be a music teacher so I could try to help others have a life the way he did for me. 

Musicians are generally such kind, generous people. So glad to see something like this, with small town music stores helping the people that need it.
$C: I’m a college trumpet player in music school. If it weren’t for people like this I wouldn’t be where I am today. Pay it forward, people. Even if someone doesn’t pursue music, a little bit of kindness in this dark world means so much at a time of weakness. 
$C: If James W. Jones is still president and Founder of Allegro Music Center it might be a good idea to send some business his way. Seems like a great guy that deserves more business.
$C: Whoa! It's a small world... I rented my first flute from Allegro when I was in 7th grade. My parents were also struggling to make the payments, and asked if they could slightly reduce the monthly payment. They did not hesitate, and I was able to keep the flute, and they only payed $15 or $19 a month or so. This was around 2007. Big, big hearts at this shop. Very cool.
$C: Watching Redditors yell at someone to give back a gift is the dumbest shit I've ever seen.
$C: Have you paid it forward?

>OP's Trumpet Charity
$C: "Tough times never last, 
Tough people do."

Shook 
$C: That is so damn cool. Something similar to this recently happened to my sister. 

She and her husband decided they wanted her to be home with their baby when she was born, so she quit her job half way into the pregnancy (due to daily migraines). 

Well, 3 months after their baby was born, he abandoned them overnight for his boss’s wife and left them with absolutely nothing and nowhere to go. He signed away his rights to their newborn so that he wouldn’t have to pay child support. She truly was left with nothing but hospital bills. He paid $2200 before he left, but she still owed about $6K. She contacted the hospital billing and let them know her situation hoping that they would work with her. Just a few weeks ago, she received a letter in the mail from them stating that her bill had been waived, and that her balance was zeroed out. 

THEN, just last week she got another piece of mail from them. She opened it up, and it was, very unexpectedly, a $2200 reimbursement in her name. 

A true story of kindness and karma. I’ll never forget it. 
$C: Oh man, I used to live down Red Bug! The people there were always really nice! 
$C: At first glance, I hought the author of the letter was affectionately referring to the trumpet as Jacques. As in, "it's okay ma'am, you can keep Jacques 
Trumpet".
$C: Wow. When I first to came to the States I saw a piano performance for the first time and I cried at how beautiful the sound it produced. Hearing this, my mom suggested that I take lessons, but we barely had money for rent let alone lessons, so I said no I didn't care for the piano knowing she'd have to work more than the 80 hours or so she already did.

Fuck, I need to go call my mom.
$C: I used to receive private violin lessons back in high school. I was good enough to be in our school's top orchestra which was one of the best in the nation for public school, but I couldn't afford to pay the lessons. I was prepared to let Mr. David Dye know that I would have to drop out because of it. 
From that day on I started to believe in miracles because he decided to pay the rest of my private lesson tuition until I was able to get a job during the summer to pay it off! 

It's the small things that really make a difference in a 14 year old boy
$C: I’m drunk and never do this but I’m straight handing out upvotes for days 
$C: I love it. Unfortunately when I was 12 and learning to play piano they came an repossessed the ours. Turns out my divorcing parents weren't so good at payments. That seriously sucked. I'm 45 now and still hate how that felt. Glad that didn't happen to you. Think I might buy a keyboard and take some lessons. Take that stupid Schmidt music!
$C: 20 points to hufflepuff
$C: I remember in like 2001 around 9/11ish I was in high school looking online for a better mouthpiece for my saxophone. This was because the saxophone message boards all said that it would improve my tone. Some dude asked me what my address was and that he had a selmer c star mouthpiece for an alto sax. I was very skeptical and asked my parents if it was ok to give our home address for a mouth piece from a stranger for free. 

Received it a week later and made it into the jazz band that Same year. 

Musicians look out for each other. 
Sadly I don’t play anymore but if I ever see a kid in my neighborhood that needs something like that I’ll do what I can to help them. 
$C: Everyone says "Pick up the instrument you stopped playing, it's always worth it to go back!"

I played bassoon.... A decent bassoon would cost 1/2 as much as my car. 
$C: This was a real kindness. No matter what brand it is, a trumpet isn’t cheap. But there are 2 heroes in this story; the person who gave you the trumpet and your mom for doing her best to get you one. I think that she wanted you to have that opportunity even if it was hard for her. 

I write this as I remember struggling to pay for my kids musical instruments (and most everything else) and the rental folks weren’t nearly as forgiving or understanding when I couldn’t come up with the money. Somehow things worked out. A parents love is a huge force for good :-)
$C: Owner is still around and still a great guy.

http://www.allegromusiccentre.com/new/index.php/about-allegro

$C: lets give Allegro Music Center a good review on google. they deserve it :\)
$C: To think, nearly a decade later, this letter was seen by over 100,000 people, and I can't speak for the rest of you, but at least one of us was moved to tears by such a simple act of generosity.
$C: The website site [replied](http://www.allegromusiccentre.com/new/) to the Reddit hug they've been receiving :)

> Thank you!

>Hello Everyone! I just wanted to take a quick moment to say thanks for the heart warming outpouring response to a letter written in 2009 that find its way to Reddit recently. We have been overwhelmed with the positive response, it has been so encouraging and uplifting. You may have noticed our site went down early this morning from the mass response, but we have fixed that and will continue to try and keep up with that. We love hearing from you and your own stories that this letter has reminded you of. One thing that we have always wanted to do is have a rental scholarship fund, where we could help more students access music education by either providing a free months rent or a full school year rental based on need. This is something we will be setting up in the coming days' so stay tuned! In the meantime, one of the most impactful things you can do is to visit your local music store, purchase an instrument and donate it to your local youth orochestra or a local band program. Again, we thank you for your awesome response and we look forward to serving our local communities with music education for years to come.
$C: repost, as I was asked to put this as a direct reply to OP. This was from a call I placed shortly after the store opened this morning:

> **update!**

> I just got off the phone with their office. I didn't get to speak to Jim but another person there because she said he's been tied up on the phones since opening.

> She confirmed the Miami store is a different store.

> She also said they saw the OP and would prefer in lieu of monetary donations that people please consider turning their efforts to assisting their local high school band departments so that other kids who are less disadvantaged could be able to play instruments, as well.

> I also apologized for overloading their bandwidth but noted we tend to be a good bunch and didn't intentionally mean to do that.

> We ended with her saying the store appreciates us for trying to be of help.

$C: Was your "mom" [an accessory to murder?](http://westorlandonews.com/woman-arrested-in-connection-with-ocoee-teen-murder/)
$C: This is a good one.  I wish CNN exclusively covered shit like this.  95&#37;  of the people in the world are decent humans.  It’s too bad the 5&#37; is what we always hear about.  
$C: Have a flute from middle school, think I will call my old school and donate it. 
$C: "old letter" *looks for date* ... 2009... 2009 wasn't that long ago... wait, almost a decade. Oh man...
$C: That is sooooo heartfelt. 

Unfortunately, i don’t have the same story. My two girls were in band from 4th grade and then both in high school at the time of “the call”. 

Band teacher calls me and says (in a nutshell) your kids are not musically inclined, they should stick to sports (oldest) and academics (youngest). 

I’m shocked by the call, they have been playing since the FOURTH grade. I say “so, at the end of the semester?” He says “ummmm, as of tomorrow”. 

I go to the music store where I am “renting” the instruments and tell them the story. They are shocked. They ask who the teacher is, I tell them and they say “ are you returning today?”  Lol. 

My girls are 21 and 18 now and we still laugh at this story. 
$C: I want to donate some money to James. W. Jones and support this free trumpet program. Would OP i.e.  /u/jacques4801 be willing to operate an account on a site like [Tip Jar](https://digitaltipjar.com/) or [Patron](https://www.patreon.com/) where this could be deposited and then transfer to  James. W. Jones or the Allegro Music Centre? \(if anyone on Reddit knows a better site for this please recommend\)

Its not much and it can't buy a new trumpet but its a start.
$C: This is amazing! I am the pastor of the church in which this owner is the Choir Director. I can attest that he is indeed a very loving, caring, and passionate-about-music person. This letter does not surprise me for knowing the type of person he is. Having known him for only three years I can still confidently say that the world certainly needs more James W. Jones'!
$C: Heh heh, you think something from 2009 is "old". Crazy kids 😆
$C: This is awesome! Greetings to you from Monette Trumpets! We are makers of fine custom trumpets and mouthpieces and we just love this heartwarming trumpet-related story. A gesture like this means so much and the world needs more of it.

Support the arts, folks! And vote for representatives that support the arts!

Are you still playing, OP?
$C: Jacques's mom is indeed a tough person: http://www.orlandosentinel.com/news/breaking-news/73783824-157.html
$C: this is awesome, thanks for sharing.
$C: Good thing your mom didn't take you to Jonestown 
$C: Can I make a suggestion?

Depending on how old you are and your attachment to the instrument, maybe you donate it to a local music program or school band with the caveat that it goes to a young musician in need of a trumpet?
$C: Woo I live about five miles from casselberry and this is making me feel slightly better about living here... There are good people!
$C: Different kind of Florida Man
$C: I don’t know what’s more heartbreaking- the situation your family must have been in during this time, or the fact you had to grow up in Florida. 

Just kidding. As a former trumpet player myself, we stick to our own. Great to see kindness in the industry. 
$C: I taught piano as a poor college student to a bunch of young kids. The owner let me hold a recital in their back room with all the pianos for free! That place was the best!
$C: This made me smile. I hope many good things happen to Mr. Jones.
$C: This makes me really appreciate my mom.  I was just starting band when she and my step-dad were going through a divorce.  I showed aptitude and and she made a point of getting me my own horn. It wasn't a great or expensive horn, but considering were weren't well off when there were two incomes and now we were in much more dire financial straits, I can only imagine how much that horn had to cost her in the grand scheme of things.  Heck, at the time I didn't even think of myself as poor, but in retrospect we really were pretty desperately poor.

My mom has always been like that... extremely selfless.  And believe me, I thank her as often as possible.  I make a living as a professional musician now and if I really think about it, it all goes back to her bending over backward to make sure I could get an instrument and stay in band.
$C: I have a very nice trombone that I don't play often any more. Where might I look to find a good kid to hand it off to? 
$C: Who knew Jim Jones was such a generous guy 
$C: The place I bought my viola through in highschool did the opposite.

Payments were complete so they tried to essentially repossess the thing. Sent us a copy of the contract where it says we give it back or continue making extra payments indefinitely.

Problem was we still had the contract we'd all signed... No such clause. Fuckers had edited their copy of the contract trying to scam people.

This business is no longer in business.
$C: Wow!!! Mr Jones is amazing! We were renting an instrument for my daughter not long after this letter was written and she totally broke it and he kindheartedly replaced it and didn't charge any fees for the damaged one. He made her promise to take better care of this one and actually ate the cost of the broken one. We really couldn't afford to buy it as we were renting.

I think with students breaking stuff and falling behind on payments he barely makes it. What an 😇 angel. 
$C: I’m betting she slept with him to pay off her debt
$C: http://amp.wftv.com/www.wftv.com/news/local/2-arrested-connection-ocoee-home-invasion-killing/287839306    Hmmmmmm.... same person?
$C: "This old letter" *dated 9 years ago.*
$C: So your mom's first name... I have never heard of it, is it common
$C: The store on google map, good idea to leave a nice comment or start a project to provide student who can't afford musical instruments with used or new one..

Allegro Music Center
1042 FL-436, Casselberry, FL 32707, USA
+1 407-830-5856
https://goo.gl/maps/oyVCneVZuBo
$C: [deleted]
$C: [deleted]
$C: By 'old letter' I thought it'd be from the 1950s not 2009!
$C: Nice trumpet man but doesn't mean your mom is a nice woman. Your uncle planned a murder and your mom covered for him? http://westorlandonews.com/woman-arrested-in-connection-with-ocoee-teen-murder/
$C: This is awesome, I hope you still think of all that your mom did for you when you were young. Also, that dude that forgave the debt is what we should strive to be.

To all the people saying he should give it back, fuck off, this is a keepsake from his mom. To all the people saying that he should buy and donate another trumpet; fuck off, you don't know this person's financial situation. If you're so concerned about it, start a GoFundMe, pretentious assholes.
$C: I love that quote "tough times never last, tough people do."
$C: That's pretty awesome coming from Allegro.  I mean it would be cool from anyone regardless, but the fact that such a big company released payment early because of empathy and humanity is awesome.
$C: The worst is when I lend out my guitars to people to learn on, then they bail out somewhere.  I've lost a few from people moving cities and keeping them.  I mean, I'd be way more cool with it if I wasn't so poor.
$C: "Tough times never last, tough people do"
I've never heard that before, and it really struck a chord with me, thanks for sharing!
$C: I shed some tears reading this. Great man that music teacher is.
$C: Tough times dont last...tough people do

AMENNNNN!!
$C: I played violin for 25 years. I guess after not having picked it up for 8 months I don’t really play anymore. But it was my first “my instrument”. Prior to that my parents rented violins as I was still growing and it didn’t make sense to buy something outright but I was talented, and when it was time they got me Ajax. I don’t know how much it cost at the time but I know it set them back, and it was a part of my college tuition money. 

I know now that I’ve switched careers they’re both a bit disappointed that I no longer play or didn’t pursue it further but I never take for granted the money they spent on my Violin or music education when it could have gone toward something else. We weren’t hurting for money at the time, but it was still a general family sacrifice for my sake and I’ll always be grateful. 
$C: James Jones, what the jews call 'a mensch'.
$C: My mom was a single Mom living on the extreme edge of paycheck to paycheck for me and my brother. She bought me a saxophone on payments so I could be the best version of myself. I eventually quit in 9th or 10th grade. I would give her a lot of shit about pawning it. (I had no interest in playing anymore I was just an asshole kid.) 


My mom still lives paycheck to paycheck and she asked me if I could play alto sax.( I played tenor) 
I was talking to her last week about it how I appreciated how much she did for me as a kid and I know I was an asshole teen. (I’m 30 now) She was persistent on wanting to buy me one; she told me it broke her heart to pawn it but she needed to get Christmas presents for me and my brother.  My mom has always gave me the shirt off her back and I would be lost without her.
$C: I'm from a low-income family. My mom is sick with an autoimmune disease, so all of our money went to her medical bills.

I remember joining band for a year in middle school. They loaned out instruments for people in my position. I got a trombone. It was beat to hell and back, and God did I suck at playing it.

But the teacher was always sweet to me. She tried to encourage me saying the reason I wasn't as good as my peers was because of the shape of the instrument I owned. 

I knew she was just trying to make me feel better. I quit the next year, but when she saw me.in the hallway she continued to ask me how me and my mother was.
$C: People really underestimate how important Band is to students and their families. My fiancé is a band director, I’m an elementary music teacher. It’s how we met and fell in love, it’s how we found our career paths and passions. It’s how my parents met and fell in love, too. 

My fiancé also teaches guitar at his school. It’s title I and there are a lot of families that are low income or broken. Drug addiction is rampant in that part of town. It’s where I graduated, at least 6 people I knew in my 2 years in that area have died of heroine overdose since 2014. Anyway, a lot of students have severe problems at home. Many of the worst students will take guitar because it seems cool or fun (which it is, but you still have to learn). My favorite stories are as follows:

1) Student has been transferred to alternative schools, suspended, really far behind and has a lot of behavior issues. Won’t respect anyone. He came from an alternative school to my fiancé’s. He took guitar. Everyone was prepared for him to be a disaster to deal with. He was, but not for my fiancé. He sat down. He was quiet. He took notes. He never talked back. He was never very good and he struggled learning but he tried. He really found some place there. 

2) Student learns guitar. Average kid but some family problems. Fights with his dad a lot, teen stuff. Fiancé gets a note about halfway through the semester from kids mom. She’s writing it to thank him for helping their family come back together. Student had been going home to practice and as doing so, taught his father, who bought a guitar so he could spend time with his son. 

3) Last year a great student in the band was struck by a car when he was trying to get on the bus and died. It still gives my fiancé and his students extreme heartache. He was one of those really friendly, outgoing students that everyone was attached to. The school had grief counselors for a couple weeks. After the first day, none of his students wanted to see the grief counselors. They wanted to be in the band room with my fiancé. That’s where they felt at home. 
$C: This is such a lovely letter. Really shows that the director/founder/teacher values the positive role of music in student’s lives too! :)
$C: Okay but do you still play the trumpet?
$C: Do you still play the trumpet? 
$C: Trumpet player and music teacher here.  The feels. <3 
$C: It’s these little things that make me believe we still have a chance 
$C: OP, you might want to edit out your moms first and last name. There is some REAL FUNKY stuff that comes up when you look it up. Just a heads up buddy. 
$C: Good people still exist. 
Good people will always exist. 
I believe we've all got some good in us.
Cheers
$C: I'm getting old I guess... I thought old would be something like from the 80's at least, I see 2009! 

"Wasn't that like 2 years ago?".

Getting old sucks. :(
$C: \<2009  
\<Old

I must be ancient.
$C: "Tough times don't last, tough people do!" Pretty simple yet effective saying
$C: “tough times never last, tough people do”. That one goes to my collection. 
$C: There was a music teacher who also repaired violins professionally, and he would do the rent to sell method. 
He would find the violins at garage sales, buy them and repair them if needed. Even the student ones that only had a year or two of use left on them, and then he would then give those "almost dead" violins away to schools and violin students free.

Word got out and people started to buy instruments at the garage sales and donate the working ones to schools. But the violins would just mysteriously show up at his door. Even the ones in perfect shape.

A lot of people couldn't affort a 200$ instrument, but those yard sale 20$-50$ ones were in people's charity budgets and were a way to support his kindness. 

Sharing this letter was your way to support your teachers kindness, and I thank you for that. So many people on this thread will probably go home tonight and maybe play a few bars because of this post, and other will realize that they have an instrument or two in a garage or basement collecting dust and and will now donate them.
Myself included. 
$C: I am a band director at a school where many students wouldn't be able to afford to rent from a music store.  This letter brought me to tears.

Edit: it brought me to tears guys, not tests.  My inbox got confusing for a minute.
$C: Man... In today's world where drama and tragedy are what "sell", it's refreshing to read something like this! Kindness really does exist, but sadly these examples of it are rarely the focus of the media. Thanks OP for sharing, as I literally just got to work and this was the very first thing I read today! 
$C: Who is chopping onions? 😭
$C: This small kind gesture In 2009 will result in a torrent of business and good karma for James W. Jones and Allegro Music Centers.
$C: Please tell me you stayed in the band
$C: James W. Jones of Castleberry = hope for humanity 
$C: Hey I called the store and let them know that a go fund me was in the process of being set up as well as letting them know that cash may come in the mail they were extremely excited and stunned the manager said he did not do it for this purpose but was extremely grateful he also asked if I could link him to this thread if no one has set up a go fund me yet I Definitely will
$C: Bunch of people claiming OP wasn't supposed to keep it. Even saw someone claim it was an ethical issue. Leave it to Reddit to try and shit all over a nice story.


$C: There is a non-profit organization in Kansas City called Band of Angels that collects instruments people no longer want and then donates the instruments to a children in need. I believe they have given out around 3,000 so far. Pretty cool to see this happening elsewhere! 
$C: f you live in the area, please give that company your business.  Music is important. 
$C: This is the most upvotes I've seen yet at 171k.
$C: That's a quality person. Trumpets are expensive. This guy had to eat hundreds of dollars so that your mom didn't have to break the bank to keep you in an instrument. That's awesome. 
$C: This is beautiful. I wanted to learn to play a stringed instrument when I was in elementary school cause my brother had tried lessons and it intrigued me. I'll always remember my mother telling me "I'm not going to pay for you to try this for two weeks then give up." Here I am now, 12 years later, with 5 guitars and a MIDI keyboard, music pretty much rules my life.

Thanks for the inspiring words, mom.  


Also, I want to know who the 8&#37; of people who downvoted are, they need to be taken out back and beaten with a clarinet. 
$C: So...how’s that trumpet coming along? You better be fucking Miles Davis incarnate
$C: 2009: "old" 


$C: Bad ass move by Mr. James W. Jones. He's good people. I wish everyone were like him. This made me smile today.
$C: Dad died at 14 and our local Chief kept filling my moms cupboards with food for us 11 kids. Today,  we are all university or trade school educated and employed. I thanked him recently. 
$C: A local Orlando news channel just picked up this story from Reddit and showed it on the evening news. I hope this shop gets lots of business from this.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Hey - was your mom accessory to murder a few years later? Someone named Tekethia Ruffin, also in Florida, was:

http://westorlandonews.com/woman-arrested-in-connection-with-ocoee-teen-murder/
$C: Fuck, man, this is beautiful. That tough times quote got me teary-eyed... I play the trumpet and this is only like 10 miles from me
$C: You and all you horn blowers.  Take a reed.  Sax is where it's at.  Sax 4 lyfe.  :)
$C: These people are still in business.  Someone who knows more than me, I have a question:  How do we start a page so we can donate money to these people?   Let’s all give a little bit of money and rock their world!  How do we make it happen?
$C: /r/picsoftext
$C: Tekethia is a very unusual name. When I started writing it into Google your mother's whole name came up as auto suggest and several links relating to her being arrested in relation to a first degree murder.
$C: I played the same alto sax through middle school to senior and ended up giving it to a younger student who wanted to learn it. Haven’t heard from them since 
$C: Hits you in the feels. Great to see she kept that letter too.
$C: We’ll never know all the sacrifices our parents made for us. That is, until we have children of our own. Cool that you got a snapshot of her love for you. 
$C: Something tells me a few dollars will find their way to this music store.
$C: Trumpet... god you must've hated your mother.
$C: Well, it's _kind of_ old.  Less than a decade.  Still a great story.  I think I'll make a donation to the store.
$C: http://www.allegromusiccentre.com/new/index.php/about-allegro
$C: This makes me happy. I have 3 kids, all musicians, and I’m still paying on 2 instruments. It’s not easy keeping up with their trips, camps, etc., but I’d choose their music over new things for myself any day. I can imagine how relieved your mom must have felt after getting this letter.
$C: Amazing person hopefully there are many more like him. Hope I can emulate.
$C: That's awesome. That is something that we have lost in the McDonaldization of America.
$C: I think I drove through Cassleberry today, or at least near it. I remember seeing a sign.
$C: What makes everyone think he hasn’t paid it forward? It doesn’t need to be in the  form of an instrument. 

Thanks for sharing. Great story. 
$C: r/humansbeingbros
$C: R/humansbeingbros
$C: Maybe go talk to a local band director and offer to pay for another students instrument in memory of this gracious act when you are able to. 
$C: “And I’d like to tell you about a group of us heading off to Guyana; all expenses paid.” 
J. Jones
$C: Looks like they're still around http://www.allegromusiccentre.com/new/
$C: I kind of wish there was a trumpet-giving charity right about now.
$C: Everytime I've given up on humanity something like this comes along and restores it and reminds me that there's good wholesome people out here too, not just the non-stop bad on the news
$C: Dang! Like a good neighbor, small mom and pop shops were there!
$C: That’s beautiful. 
$C: "old"
$C: Tought times never last, tough people do, nicely put!
$C: I'm not crying. You're crying. Shut up!
$C: Damn, wish I bought my tuba from that dude. Still paying the damn thing off, but no regrets
$C: I'm not crying, YOU'RE crying.
$C: I played in college, but it's not what my degree is in. My whole family is musically inclined. My uncle was the band director for his town's high school for his entire career, his kids, my cousins, play all sorts of instruments. My uncle actually gave me my first saxophone \(alto\) in middle school. I played throughout middle and high, but switched to Tenor for marching band. The Tenor I played on was my dad's Tenor growing up. Better yet, it's a fucking Mark VI. Incredible horn.

Even even better, after I was finished playing in college, my dad \(after having not played in 30 or 40 years\) decided to take lessons from my college sax instructor. So he took back his/my Tenor and has been playing in a senior band.

This all leads me to saying that I feel really bad that I can't play much nowadays. I live in an apartment, so I don't want to piss off my neighbors. I miss playing a lot. =\(
$C: I'm a small business owner and I like to think I'm the same way.  I make the money I need to make and I have no interest in being greedy.  When there's an opportunity to pass my good fortune on to my less fortunate customers, I always take it.  Usually it's in the form of a deal that causes me a loss, but it's always at the end of the month after I know I've come out ahead of the game.  I also give customers a $25 discount on their birthday.
$C: A Gentleman and a Scholar
To be Sure
$C: You Florida Redditors need to hit up that shop and buy some trombones this weekend. 
$C: 
Holy shit I used to live less than a block from this place. I would've supported such endearing people more if I'd known how they ran. Good on them, wish I would've bought my sticks there than guitar center (even though they didn't have exactly the kind I wanted)
$C: I hope the community around them gets to see how wholesome and kind they are, and how much they care about putting people ahead of business.

If you live in central Florida and have a need for an instrument or lessons, it seems like you should start with this place!

http://www.allegromusiccentre.com/
$C: Dude, you should buy and donate a trumpet to your local school to be used by a student who can't afford one.
$C: OP, if you want to thank him it appears he’s still actively part of the centre:

http://www.allegromusiccentre.com/new/index.php/about-allegro
$C: Allegro Music Centre was my favorite music store growing up in Florida. Some of the nicest people work there.
$C: Tough times never last, tough people do. This gives me hope.
$C: I got all my band supplies there too growing up!! More than a decade before your letter but it’s cool to see Allegro is still around and still helping kids make music.
$C: I love this 
$C: Me and my friends used to go to a place called Roselle music when we were kids.
I always marveled at a guitar on the wall, but could not afford it. The owner one day pulled me aside & told me I could take it if I stoped by weekly to pay him.
Just an honorable handshake & Over time, I eventually paid him what we agreed on.
Awesome guy!
You don’t see this happen today.
I think musicians step up to the plate for others in need.
I will never forget his act of kindness.
$C: And they're still around, celebrating almost 40 years in business.

http://allegromusiccentre.com

>Jim still teaches trumpet and French horn privately
$C: I gave it to them expecting it would get to some use. If not by that person then by someone else at the school. I don’t really care now to be honest, just doing a good thing 
$C: “Tough times never last, Tough people do”

Wow, that really spoke to me. 
$C: We need more people like this in the world.
$C: James W. Jones is a standup person for this gesture.  As a kid who couldn't afford to play baseball growing up I know how hard it is for underprivileged kids. I was once allowed to play by paying what my single mother could afford. This has stuck with me to this day. I now coach little league and give back where I can. Be sure to pay this forward OP. 
$C: I am 39 year old father of three, going through a divorce. "Tough times never last,  Tough people do." Is my mantra going forward. Thank you for this. 
$C: If this hits you in the feels, you have no business in the collection industry.
I should know. I hate my job in the collection industry and I wish that I could do this for everyone.
$C: Fucking legend
$C: Glad to see my city on Reddit for something positive for a change!
$C: oh man that' hits me. I have Love for people who are going good things in the neighbourhood. 
$C: My elementary school used to force us to learn an instrument and I always hated it cause I knew my dad couldn’t afford the rent to begin with 
$C: I can’t believe no ones noticed that your moms name is Tekethia
$C: My trumpet still remains to be the most expensive thing I own. I used to play it a lot in competitions but after braces I don't think I can play anymore. I've been trying my best to pick it up and it's even caused me some mental stress... Someone help me.
$C: That’s so sweet!

I remember my parents struggling to pay the lease on my flute that I only played for like a year. I know throughout my childhood we had a lot of people help us out like this.
$C: Ayyyee represent greater Orlando !!! Central Florida is the best part of the whole state
$C: [deleted]
$C: Whoa! Casselberry in the house! Hey neighbor! 
$C: I use to play trumpet in middle school. Rented equipment. I was horrible at it. Was too busy smoking pot, to remember my keys and notes.
Anyway, my band teacher would call us wombats , all the time. He had a sign up in his room, that said wombat crossing. It was his way of dissing us. Mr. Metcalf was an asshole. He’d eat chocolate in front of us and tell us what losers we were.
I was finally fed up with  his shit, while he ate chocolate in front of everyone, telling us how bad we were, and yet again, were wombats. 
I rise out of my seat and called him a bald flying eagle( he was bald, and apparently very sensitive about it). I was promptly removed from band, and started a new class in home economics. 
$C: So who's gonna find this James W. Jones to show him this?
$C: Wow, this is amazing. What a great guy.
$C: Wow debt forgiveness and paying it forward, two concepts entirely foreign to US politics in this present day. How charming.
$C: My mom couldn’t afford my instrument so I had to ask her mom; my grandma as usual. My grandma ended up buying me the instrument and my mom decided that band is not important, her going out is and pawned my instrument mid year. Will never forgive her that. 
$C: It is this type of post the really deserve more upvote. 
$C: Jimmy Jones is a bro 
$C: This is so wholesome, thanks for sharing. I had to hold back tears when he said “tough times won’t last, tough people do”. I know it’s silly to feel touchy, but I just can’t control it.

10/10 post.
$C: As a band geek and trumpet player, this is awesome. 
$C: Typical musician, passionate about sharing the gift of music with those who need it most.

This warms my heart. This is why I donate instruments to needy schools 
$C: Wow I tried to join band in 5th grade and my parents bought me a saxophone and after a few practices the teacher said my hands were too small and they should get their money back.  Good on your teacher to still encourage you through tough times!
$C: This is awesome, bro. It means more than your mom went that “extra length” to get you an instrument, but that she also knew at some point she didn’t have the means to pay for the instrument and reasoned her plight with the owner just so her child could play. That’s a great mom.
$C: You should pay the rent now or pass it on like the man requested. 
$C: 2009 was a tough year for most Americans. I feel for you and your mom. 
$C: Dang that quote, "Tough times never last, Tough people do." That's real good. My first time hearing it.
$C: Mr. James W. Jones seem to be a man with a big heart, in the right place.
$C: Jaques Ruffin sounds like he was born to play the Trumpet in New Orleans.......All aboard!! 

Kermit Ruffins is the Shit. Check out , “Its later than you think” or “Skokiaan”!
$C: As someone who grew up playing trumpet, and with parents who didn't have a lot of money, I can really appreciate this. I hope you let both your mom and the store know you appreciate the kindness.
$C: It's not everyday you run across another Jacques. 

I appreciate how they used the apostrophe correctly. Nobody ever does that correctly in letters to me.
$C: As someone who grew up with a struggling single mother, and someone who has been struggling all my life because of that, this brought a few tears to my eyes
$C: Hey, one of my best friends worked at Allegro for years. It's a pretty rad store, basically every single band student in Seminole county rents from them if they don't own.
$C: Tough times never last, tough people do. Some of the best advice if ever received. 
$C: That is as tender of a thing as I've ever seen, thanks for sharing OP
$C: It appears Allegro is still in business, and the man who wrote this letter may [still be giving private lessons](http://www.allegromusiccentre.com/new/index.php/about-allegro).  
$C: I hope you’re  still a trumpet player in a well known 3rd wave ska band! 
$C: Man.. my parents bought me a trumpet when I was in high school, and of course I played it all through my years, in different bands, but after I graduated and moved on to college, I ended up pawning it for $150 when I really needed the money and this post reminded me how much I regret that decision.
$C: r/humansbeingbros
$C: This heals my bitter heart seeing some genuine love for the art... rather than being “the best” that I had been overexposed to growing up. I gave up on going for orchestral performances due to the disgust I had to the college level musicians and directors that I had been around. They cared nothing about the music... just being better than thier peers. It wasn’t about the style, but about sounding “right”. No heart... none at all.
$C: "tough times never last, people do"

Love it. Top class
$C: Should have blocked out all the names and addresses 
$C: Pay It Forward
$C: r/humansbeingbros
$C: As a trumpet player myself, this badass
$C: Allegro Music is the best! My mom and I used to go to the Miami location for piano and trumpet stuff.
$C: A link to their yelp page. Everyone should go leave an awesome review. 
https://yelp.to/qTKq/KeJSoJ368M
$C: This honestly hits so hard to home. Thank you OP
$C: Has OP passed it on?
$C: The question is... do you still play trumpet? Post a vid! 
$C: An " old " letter from less than 10 years ago. Lol
$C: I'm not crying,  you're crying. 
$C: I love the concept of paying on rather than paying back.
$C: First time I’ve seen something about my instrument on the front page! Woo! 
$C: Gosh this is too wholesome 
$C: What a genuine fellow. Hats off and cheers to you, James.
$C: what a great act of kindness
$C: The place we rented to buy my clarinet did the same thing. We had had to have a hard talk about maybe having to drop band in middle school, and as the band teacher knew the music store owner, they mentioned it and forgave the rest. Thank you Ms Awie for being so amazing!

A few years after I graduated high school, my friends little sister was in the same boat, so we had the instrument recorked and repadded for her and gave it to her. She graduates next year with a BFA in music and is going to get her teaching license!
$C: My mum never had the money so I could learn violin at school,

Well I'm 24 now and I play violin, piano, guitar, bass a little bit of drums and I'm a sound engineer, it's never too late to learn but God would I have loved to have been able to pickup the violin when I was younger.
$C: 2007-2010 was a pretty tough time for parents. Your mother was a trooper, my friend. 
$C: You better still be playing that trumpet god dammit!
$C: Man... has there ever been a bad Jim Jones?
$C: Some people like to blame the Trumpet, but if you ask him, it was the Obo's fault
$C: BUT DO YOU STILL PLAY IT
$C: Kay but did you stay in band?
$C: /r/humansbeingbros
$C: Oh god please tell me you kept with it! The guilt would kill me if I found something like this.
$C: What if this was just a really, really creative viral marketing post for the music store.
$C: That dude has a bitchin' signature. 
$C: Perhaps if we all do such nice things for those that we come into contact with, the world can become a wonderful place to live. 

Such kindness will surely multiply because of this act!
$C: I guess that jason derulo life story ... u go jason
$C: There is kindness in the world after all.
$C: Wow!! I love that!! 
How very, very noble of the President!
$C: Get out of that room, Ignatius you hear me ?
$C: Your mom was going through some ruff timss
$C: that is humble as fuck
$C: Bless his heart
$C: Do you still play the Trumpet?
$C: We need people like this guy to be leaders of countries :(
$C: James is a good man
$C: 'Tough times don't last. Tough people do'.

I could absolutely frame that and hang it in my house.
$C: My mom sold my trumpet to buy crack
$C: why cant we have more people like that
$C: Do you still play?
$C: 2009 be like 1929 now.
$C: This is one of the nicest things I've seen on Reddit, this is the type of person I aspire to be!
$C: I wanted to learn to play trombone as a kid because I kind of idolized my oldest brother who was in Germany playing for the Army marching band. My parents had just gotten a divorce after my father left my mother for another woman with no warning (while mom was gone on a business trip). My father wasn't paying child support and my mother was starting to go through her first bankruptcy. 

She had two sons and mounting bills. She would come home and play her piano as her stress relief. When she saw how much I wanted to play trombone she sold her piano to afford my trombone. I've kept that trombone because of the memories of marching band, but mostly because of her sacrifice. My kids chose different instruments (one violinist, one wants to be a drummer, and one pianist) but my mother gets no greater pleasure than to hear my son play piano.
$C: >> Tough times never last. Tough people do.

I really needed to hear that right now.
$C: Dude, send him the rest of the money!

These independent places are becoming more and more rare. And although they did you a good turn you're probably and adult making some coin.  Fire off a check!  


$C: My mum was a single mum who lost her business after my dad died. She did a deal with my school that was kind to her too. That meant my first trumpet was a yamaha that I kept at the end of my bed and dreamed of playing my first CD which was "Louis Armstrong plays Disney the Satchmo way" I never got good enough to play anything from the CD but when I cook I play it and thank my mum for my love of the Satchmo and my love of music. I know you loved your trumpet as much as I did and thanks for the post! 
$C: This reminds me of my mom. She was a lunch lady for several years at a grade school and had developed a friendly relationship with most of the students because that's who she is. One day a girl came in crying and my mom pulled her aside to ask her what was wrong. Turns out she had to drop out of band because her mom couldn't afford the payments on a trombone rental any longer. My mom didn't even hesitate--the next day she brought my old trombone in and gave it to the girl (she called the mom first to make sure it was alright). Pretty sure the girl still writes to my mom this day. These things have such a huge impact on people's lives.
$C: Call your mom and say thank you for this. It'll mean the world...always, hell, try to find that James W Jones and thank him!!
$C: I was confused at first because my last name is the same and I also played Trumpet in band.
$C: My daughter has been in band and music for 28 years. Just received her doctorate of music in flute. All the time she has taught she has struggled on her meager salary to help students have instruments and keep them in the program. Knowing some of the struggles she shares has led us to give anything we can to help those financially struggling kids a little help. We do it anonymously through her. A few years ago a gifted high school senior (with an addictive single parent & living in a friend’s home) played flute on a loaned instrument.  Graduation would end the use of the flute.  He had garnered a good scholarship in flute in a small university where my daughter taught and who was friends with his band director. 

They all got together along with a wonderful music store, we pitched in, and bought this kid a very nice instrument.  He signed a contract agreeing his possession of the flute remained as long as he stayed in college and graduated. 3 years In now.  He’s first chair flute, does well in his music classes, and is making it.  But he has a very hard time with life and finances due to NO family support, no drivers license, no car, walks to a part time job, trying to find a place to stay during school breaks, etc.  You can imagine; he still needs a little help with LIFE and a bit of money.  My daughter is his go to for advice, a shoulder to cry on, and one who finds the way for whatever, and finds the money to keep him going. 

He will succeed. He’s so close, so talented, and so determined to find his way out of his prior life. He will thanks to that guy at the music store, his band director, and my daughter and all those who step in to help this special kid.  I love music people. 


$C: Heartwarming.
$C: This is the same place I got my trombone when I was a band. Probably around 2003.
$C: So wait, are you still playing trumpet? Where is the trumpet today ?

$C: Sometimes when I'm feeling super down I come to threads like these and then read the comments and once again my faith in humanity is restored. God bless the helpers.
$C: "Tough times never last, tough people do." God dammit, that made my eyes watery as fuck. That really hits home for me. Thanks, OP. And bless that man, we need more people like him.
$C: Twist: OP became a time traveling Louie Armstrong.
$C: I hope Jacques stuck with the trumpet and I hope times got easier for Ms. Tekeithia❤️
$C: Awesome, what a good person 
$C: Quality human being... 
$C: I live five minutes from this shop, still open to this day. Amazing place filled with amazing people.
$C: TIL 2009 is old
$C: OP, I hope you can find a way to pay it forward.
$C: So, did you keep playing or what?
$C: It would be great if you called them up, talked to them about this, and sponsored some kid in a similar situation. 
$C: The side of Florida Man the world rarely sees ...
$C: What a beautiful person. 
$C: Pure beauty... People can be amazing. Look at those upvotes
$C: I played trumpet for 10 years growing up. It was a huge part of my life and learning experiences. The band/music community was also amazing. This type of thing is why music education is so important for schools. They need that budget for school instruments, uniforms, music, etc. 
$C: I’m not crying, you’re crying!
$C: I just went to give the website some love, and realized all of you have been there already. You guys are some nice people.
$C: Just when you think kindness, empathy and humanity are a thing of the past.  Someone shows us it is alive and well.💛
$C: This makes me want to pay that man for that trumpet and pay for someone else's trumpet.
$C: Well damn. Makin’ me tear up this morning. 

I had a similar situation. I grew up in a very small and was pretty much the poor kid (Christian school so I probably wouldn’t have been poor had it not been for having to pay for tuition). Really wanted a sweatshirt when I did volleyball since it was my last year at the school (K-8th) but couldn’t afford one. Someone ordered me one with my last name on it. Never did find out who it was. And I’ll never get rid of that sweatshirt either. 
$C: Do you still play trumpet?
$C: As a band director, so many of the comments in this thread warm my soul. It gives me drive to keep helping my students and improving their lives. Please reach out to your past Music teachers and tell them these things. It means the world to hear it from past students. 
$C: That is what you call a rare specimen right there. Were very lucky to have people like that.
$C: As a music educator, I am a firm believer in having every child play an instrument or sing. It not only develops the mind & teaches discipline but gives the learner a life skill that they will always have. I have another degree as well and when that didn't exactly pan out the way I had planned (as life usually does) I had my musical skills to fall back on.

Your teacher is an inspiration. I hope to be like James W. Jones someday.
$C: Holy crap, that's where I got my trumpet from too.
$C: This reminds me of the time I saved my allowance to get a mouthpiece, but when the rent was due, my parents were short and used my funds to make ends meet.  I was crushed, but I totally understood the situation. 
$C: Jesus Christ, can we please not call 2009 old already?! This has serious personal implications!
$C: Holy shit this place was right down the road from my house
$C: Wait, Jim Jones? THE Jim Jones? The one that makes that delicious punch? 
$C: I hope this goes far and wide and the residents of Casselberry and the surrounding areas send this guy all of their business.  This is the type of behavior that deserves to be rewarded.  Humanity \+100
$C:  Damm, my bitch ass of a local music store came to collect my bell kit at school from 1 late payment. Embarrassed  the shit out of me. 
$C: Did you stick with the trumpet?  Curious minds want to know.
$C: So what happened to the trumpet? Do you still play? Have the same trumpet? 
$C: Well shit did you return the trumpet?? 
$C: Holy crap, this is the exact same store I got my son's instrument from. 

They're great there.
$C: Holy holy shit. That is the exact place my mom bought me my trumpet for middle school band maybe 20 years ago. 

Any chance you went to Tuskawilla Middle?
$C: The sentiment in that letter is the reason that his shop has lasted for 34+ years. 
$C: I got my first trombone from there! There's a reason they're still in business after so many years. Wonderful place.
$C: Band is such an underrated activity, the community around it is so warm and welcoming, especially in high school. It’s a great opportunity to meet a lot of lifelong friends and get good at something while you’re at it.
$C: I didn't rent instruments for my kids, but I did pay in monthly installments.  They were like super cheap.  I know some people can't do it that way, but it worked for us.  I think there is a real belief in supporting musical arts programs for children in the U.S., so I'm willing to bet that many or most instrument rental companies are very similar to this one.  They're not really in it for the money.
$C: Thanks for this.  I almost forgot what human beings look like.
$C: So, let's not get ahead of ourselves here. Did OP stay in band and continue playing the trumpet? We might need to form a Reddit repo posse.
$C: Hopefully that kid became a great musician. Don't hear about big band talent these days. All about trying not to say lyrics that start with N.
$C: This made me tear up. I was in the exact same situation. I actually thought this might have been posted by my son. Family owned music store did the exact same thing. Music people are good people.
$C: *is mayonnaise an instrument?*
$C: You better post a video of you playing right now op
$C: Wow, I bought a clarinet from this store in 1999 for middle school band. I’m glad to see a post like this!
$C: This makes me want to go to a music store and pay for a student's rental. Music, and the arts in general, is such a gift that should have every opportunity to be explored. 
$C: And here I go believing in humanity again.....
$C: A free trumpet = 150k+ views for your business. You reap what you sow.
$C: Holy shit I'm pretty sure I got my first trumpet from that exact location. That's pretty awesome. 
$C: I grew up in small town Indiana. My first voice teacher convinced me to take lessons and provided them for free. Doing so, she convinced me that my voice was worth investing time. I went to school for music and moved to NYC. I’ve worked as a musician for 7 years. It’s given me the life I dreamed about when I was a teen. Music educators change lives.
$C: ITT: Really good people and a lot a generous people sending gold.  Reading through most of this thread was a beautiful way to start my day.

*I'm a trumpet player who also struggled to afford my instrument, so this story hit close to home.*
$C: But did you stick with the trumpet?
$C: It's not every day you see little old Casselberry make the front page of reddit! 
$C: You just made me burst in tears in the middle of a random restaurant. Thanks 
$C: My mom didn't make a payment on my trumpet while I was in school. She was a single mom and worked 3 jobs to support 3 of us kids. The music store owner came to our house to get the trumpet back while she wasn't home. Us kids didn't open the door not knowing who it was. The douchebag proceeded to bang on all the windows on the house screaming he knew we were inside and threatened calling the cops. Glad your experience was so wholesome.
$C: What a good person. The world needs more of this kind of person
$C: Do you still have that trumpet?
$C: “Tough times never last tough people do.” Got all misty eyes reading that. 
$C: https://i.imgur.com/oHig17N.jpg
$C: I hope you kept playing, my dude
$C: Reminds me of when I was a kid in Boy Scouts. My mom was a single mother and a schoolteacher with 3 kids, but these men in Boy Scouts helped her pay for any camping trip my brother and I wanted to go on. Same thing, no expectations, just the request that we pay it forward if we ever get the chance. Aaannnddd now I'm tearing up at work
$C: "Tough times don't last, tough people do" that quote really...struck a chord with me.
$C: what happened to the trumpet tho?
$C: When I was in my late teens I was going to a small animation school on the weekends. Then my parents divorced and my mom couldn't afford to pay for the classes anymore. The owner of the school just told me to pick which classes I wanted and not to worry about it. I still get emotional thinking about it.
$C: Do you still play, or did the trumpet go back?
$C: This type of thing happens from time to time in business of music education. It's because most of these people are passionate and genuinely want children to learn and become artists. Not to minimize it, it's still amazing... Just more common in the music education side.
$C: Dated 2009 and calls it old. I would call it yesterday. Fuck I'm old.

Don't get me wrong but to me that is like yesterday. To an 18 or 20 year old that is half their life so I get it. 
$C: When I was in middle school band, my mom had bought me a set of drums. She made monthly payments. She was an only mother with a minimum wage job. Eventually she couldn't make payments anymore. They repossessed the drums. That's all. I never played drums again. 
$C: I would give gold if I could. That last sentence is the best thing I could read nowadays. 
$C: Oh my, that hit me in the feels.  I wish someone had helped my daughter this way.  I couldn't afford the lessons she needed to excel.  I've always felt guilty for that. 
$C: http://westorlandonews.com/woman-arrested-in-connection-with-ocoee-teen-murder/


ok OP
$C: http://westorlandonews.com/woman-arrested-in-connection-with-ocoee-teen-murder/
$C: This blew me away
$C: Karma bait
$C: I know the feeling OP. My wife struggles to make payment on my trumpet all the time. Apparently to her it's "gross". 
$C: Found this when looking up the mom. Same area if Florida. Maybe it's soemone else.

http://www.orlandosentinel.com/news/breaking-news/73783824-157.html
$C: "old letter" from 2009 😩
$C: You think one act of kindness can change a person's world, but sometimes it's not enough, sadly. http://articles.orlandosentinel.com/2012-12-21/news/os-ocoee-home-invasion-murder-arrests-20121221_1_bessman-okafor-sherria-gordon-ocoee-home-invasion
$C: Not many people like this left in our country. What a great thing he did. 
$C: You better be donating some funds bro
$C: lol @ all these people telling OP to pay it forward
$C: Trumpet is my instrument of choice!
I'm so glad he helped them out!
I hope he continued on to be a fantastic musician.
Music is life. No matter what form it is.
Music is a language of life, love, strength and endurance.
$C: Hi from south east Nigeria
$C: You better be a God damned Dizzie Gilespie by now, or your mother should be disappointed.
$C: And remember that bad times... are just times that are bad. 
$C: It's amazing that so many people here got 'the trumpet is now yours to do what you want with' out of this. 
THATS why the world is so shit. Too many fuckwits. 

$C: i pawned my 5th grade saxophone for crack
$C: Finally a positive Trump    et thread on reddit.
$C: You better have become the best fucking trumpeter of all time! 
$C: My mom had the opposite take.  I was learning clarinet and she worked late.  I'd come home and practice when she wasn't home. Because she wasn't there to hear me practice she decided that I wasn't practicing, pulled me out of music classes, and returned the clarinet. 
$C: Mah heart 
$C: Go back and pay that bill!


$C: "old" letter, from 2009. I was expecting something from like the '90s. God I'm old. 
$C: You got my up-toot. 
$C: r/humansbeingbros
$C: “Hey, I haven’t met you
And this is crazy
But here’s some money
For a trumpet maybe?”

Ps. (Heard you helped out a struggling family with a trumpet. Thanks for being a good human.)
$C: What kind of fucked up name 
$C: Do you shred ?
$C: That’s beautiful man.
$C: I think this is where I got my trumpet when I was in school.
$C: Something in my eye! :’-)
$C: this belongs on r/wholesomememes
$C: my clarinet teacher was an angry shorthaired italian american goth looking woman who yelled at me when the wooden peice on my clarinet fell out. i left music then but piano is on my to do list one day
$C: As a trumpet player who also had some hard times I want to say much love and respect to you and yours.
$C: * Bless this man and his good works.
$C: Crying real Jesus tears right now. That is so sweet. 😭
$C: This touched my heart in a way that I can not explain. I needed to read this in this moment because I am really struggling.

Most everything in my life is going wrong. 

Did you drop out or continue playing?
$C: Sometimes I really love people. 
$C: inb4 we see an Allegro Music Scholarship cos of this letter
$C: r\humansbeingbros
$C: Make me so much nostalgic, mother's love never dies.
$C: This is beautiful.
$C: James W. Jones is a fuckin G. This one is for you bro. *pounds beer and throws it at wall*
$C: This gave me the shivers. Such a kind person.
$C: Aww, I live down the road from this store. How nice of them!
$C: Wow, I hope you're still in contact with that person.
$C: :') my heart! 
$C: Besides all the awkward spacing and punctuation, I love it! So sweet. I know my mom would’ve appreciated this kind of sentiment and action when she was paying for my violin.
$C: Aw, goodness like this does exist in the world. I hope when you do play it makes you happy. 
$C: This is awesome
$C: It’s nice to google them and to see that they are still in business.  Being good to people goes a long way.  It looks like they are doing really well after all this time.
$C: I'm not crying...you are crying.
$C: Where is the trumpet now? What happened to it? Has to be a story. If you no longer have it someone else does ... maybe someone reading. 
$C: Man, what a beautiful human 
$C: What a thoughtful blessing.  
$C: Remember compassion and empathy.  Those were the days.
$C: Very cool. 
$C: This is lovely. 
$C: Call your mom and give her a hug
$C: Pay it forward in honour of your mother! Somewhere there’s another Jacques that needs a trumpet
$C: ITT: People arguing with the same level of conviction as a custody battle about if OP should give the trumpet back.
$C: This made me feel tingly inside
$C: This was the best thing to read before going to sleep, thanks for sharing.
$C: There’s still hope for humanity 
$C: My little brother is trying to get into trumpet but we can’t afford one...
$C: What an outstanding fellow human! I wish them tons of business!
$C: What a cool dude
$C: This is what it’s all about
$C: James W. Jones is a saint.
$C: I legit read the top letterhead and thought that sounded like a store where i grew up. Saw the city and state and it was the exact same place. I bought my recorder from them when I was in elementary school. Now I’m living away 7 years in New York City, but I still miss good ol Casselberry and the surrounding areas. 
$C: So wholesome. Faith in humanity restored 
$C: You need to find this guy and let him know how important this was.
$C: Looks like the ink was smeared atleast twice, most likely by teardrops. For those of you saying pay it forward or are inspired by this shopkeepers actions - op gave you his stores address. Its right at the top of the letter.

Tldr: I think i know where im sending a charitable donation. 
$C: This is a staple store for music students in South Florida. Seeing the founder's kindness on display makes me love it more
$C: My trumpet through middle and high school was bought at allegro! The owner, Jim, was my neighbor actually!
$C: TIL every city in America has an Allegro music.
$C: /r/Frisson 
$C: He said “old,” so I’m looking for a date, expecting it to be from the ‘70’s or ‘80’s.

Nope. Old is 2009. 
$C: Now THAT is some GOOD business
$C: If all is well now, please reciprocate and help someone ... :)
$C: I thought that was Allegro Music in Fremont, CA. Got excited for a second!
$C: I love this
$C: I used to live in Casselberry! What a good person, gotta pay it forward.
$C: > > [–]jacques4801 1 point 1 day ago 

> I didn’t get circumcised until I was 16. It’s not a big deal at all. 🙄
$C: Today you, tomorrow me.
$C: r/humansbeingbros
$C: I'd love to learn an instrument, I'm planning a sort of nomadic lifestyle (likely one of the cliches) , what's a similarly mobile instrument that isn't so loud‽ 

I don't mind playing an instrument that people consider dorky or hippy. 
$C: Commendable : http://www.allegromusiccentre.com/new/index.php/contact-us
$C: ehh.
$C: Aye, thats where I bought most of my clarinet stuff, and mouthpieces from.
$C: That students name? Miles Davis.
$C: The business is still going strong! That's really good to see. It was founded in 1981.
$C: I live in Winter Park! Small world, hope you like your trumpet my guy ❤️
$C: That's where I got my first trombone! 
$C: Holy shit!! This is the place my sons school uses as well, they are amazing in that shop,  he had his mouthpiece stolen and they gave me a discount on the replacement because they know I’m a teacher here in central Fl. Wow. I’m blown away at this kindness, do you still play? Are you looking to sell this? I would buy it from you at a reasonable cost to donate to my sons middle school. Seriously, contact me. I fully believe his joining band saved him from a very terrible first year of middle school and his teacher is outstanding. Would love to give back, this is so damn cool!! 

Quick edit to add ** I am gonna lose my mind if it’s the same middle school (not saying it here because... reddit) too! lol 
$C: The rent on my clarinet in 7th grade about broke my mom. Thank you mom. 
$C: I’m not crying, you’re crying!
$C: any chance you're related to a Duwayne (yes, that's how it's spelled) Ruffin?  He's about 48, but not 50, served in the army, and is a bad ass horn player living in Indiana as of 2016.
$C: Wow, full body goosebumps, beautiful story thanks. 
$C: We only have each other 
$C: This is so, so wholesome
$C: Good old days
$C: /r/humansbeingbros
$C: I really hope that store is still in business

Edit: it is! http://www.allegromusiccentre.com/new/
$C: Tough times never last, tough people do.

What a beautiful sentiment.
$C: Did anybody else notice this letter has aged badly?
$C: r/uplifting
$C: 🙏🏽
$C: I'm from Casselberry Florida, and I got my first Trumpet from Allegro Music.  Awesome of them to do this, and such a small world to see it on the front page of reddit.
$C: Tough times never last. Tough people do.

Cheers to that!!
$C: /r/floridaman
$C: Beautiful letter.  Did you stick with the trumpet?
$C: This is heartwarming. Band was an important part of my life, so if this music center was able to give a student that experience where there wouldn't have been otherwise, then they have no idea the impact they have had on people. It is Deserving of recognition
$C: Nice try, Big Trumpet.
$C: I remember going to a mom and pop to get my snare drum for band. A Yamaha snare kit with all the works. $1,500... I still have that snare that I rotate within my kits. 
$C: This is so lovely. 
$C: Damn man, right in the feels. Been there done that. 
$C: I’m from this area. I remember Allegro Music. This is very cool.
$C: That 2009 kid? Miles fucking Davis
$C: Damn good business man with a solid gold heart.
$C: Band instruments are the most over priced items ever. Buying used is usually half price a lot of times
$C: Written on my 23rd birthday.
$C: Mr. Jones had such a positive impact on so many people that Counting Crows wrote a song about him in 1993.
$C: This is the worst command of English punctuation and signature I have ever seen from a man named "James Jones".

But that was nice.
$C: Wow this made me cry
$C: You don't happen to work at UO/IOA, do you /u/jacques4801 
$C: Heartwarming Florida man story
$C: This made my day
$C: Since people are talking about values of trumpets, a PSA from a professional in this business:

Never, EVER, buy a "student" level instrument new. And NEVER rent from the music store. Not in any circumstance. These instruments, while many of made of perfectly acceptable quality (Bach, Conn, Yamaha), are freaking dirt cheap on the used market. For the cost of *2-3 months* of renting you can purchase a used one that works fine. Brass instruments essentially do not lose capability as they age (although they need some basic maintenance here and there) and therefore there is absolutely no sense in spending anything more than $150 TOTAL for your son/daughter to play the trumpet.
I get on about this because despite the feel-goodness of this post, I truly believe the rental charges at local.music schools are essentially akin to a scam. 
$C: Someone out there is probably doing the same thing today. Tough times won't last, but humanity will!
$C: Go take him out for dinner and play him a little doot doot. 
$C: Heart warming! And i was having a bad day and thought most people are scum. This cheered me up!
$C: 🎺
$C: "Tough times never last. Tough people do."

That hit me right in the feels
$C: Hey I got my trumpet as well from allegro! I’m also from Florida but Tampa ish area. 
$C: The jerking of tears 
$C: Please buy 2 trumpets and donate to them
$C: This letter touch my hearth, when I was in highschool I used to play the viola in a orquestra and my mom and I had a lot of struggles to get the intrument, well it's a long story, thanks for the topic.
$C: Buy 10 of em and pay it forward!
$C: Wow, this is awesome!! I used to get my trumpet cleaned up/fixed up by them, this is heartwarming. 
$C: That’s awesome. 
$C: The perfect story to start my day, thanks for sharing.
$C: Wonderful.
$C: We need to make James W Jones famous
$C: That's pretty cool.


$C: I have a t\-shirt from one of your family reunions.
$C: Awwww, how sweet that is! 
$C: Right in the feels. 
$C: “Tough times never last. Tough people do.” Fuck I needed that. 
$C: how damn wholesome can a person get? makes me sick!
$C: Oh man this touched me. When I was in 6th grade money was really tight so I chose to play the trumpet since my family already had one because my sister played the Trumpet. Thankfully I ended up really enjoying it despite not being great. I stuck with it and made 1st chair my senior year in highschool in the 2nd concert band and I'm proud of that. Still play it occasionally. 
$C: Super cool.
$C: What a nice gesture. Do you plan on thanking him personally?
$C: http://www.allegromusiccentre.com/new/index.php/about-allegro
$C: Alleged Music is still in  business in Casselberry, FL, and still renting out student instruments.
$C: Wholesome AF. 
$C: This guy cares. He is awesome
$C: This letter provides evidence good people still exist. Hope you can pay it forward one day. 
$C: You know, it really is parents and people like this who are the MVP's of music. Imagine if Miles Davis' family was too poor to afford a trumpet or music lessons for him. Or imagine if Paul McCartney said, "Dad, I want to play piano." And his dad said, "No, son, you can't play piano. It's too loud, and I don't the sound of it." We wouldn't have any of the music we do today if that had happened. That's why I've always believed in supporting kids who want to learn the arts. Every time I hear about a high school cutting its music program I cringe because what if the next Miles Davis or the next Paul McCartney was in that program? If we don't keep supporting kids who want to play music one day we might wake up and realize there's no new music coming out, and I don't want to live in a world where we aren't constantly creating new ideas, new sounds, and new songs. 
$C: Just went to their website and they are still around!
$C: r/humansbeingbros
$C: 934 comments, not one upvote... come on Reddit
$C: this is awesome
$C: Our band requires students to have a professional level trumpet for uniform sound.  I can't drop $2k on something like that. Fortunately, the school actually owns a handful of trumpets and let's the students check them out each semester.  It sure does help the ole budget out.  
$C: Amazing! The shit that our parents go through just to give their kids some happiness.
$C: r/mademesmile
$C: It's scary that I read 2009 and felt that wasn't so long ago.. yet its been 9 years .... scary how time flys 
$C: Wish more were like this.
$C: [r/humansbeingbros](https://www.reddit.com/r/HumansBeingBros/) 
$C: What a truly kind person. Definitely invested in the children of tomorrow and understanding of hard times. The world needs more people like that
$C: This’s heart warming. Thank you for sharing this letter with us.
$C: “Tough times don’t last, tough people do.”  What a powerful line. 
$C: Am I the only one curious on what the trumpet was?
$C: "old"

2009
$C: Time line seems a bit off 
$C: What a Class Act. It's things like this that makes life worth living.
$C: Sucks OPs mom is a homophobe. 
$C: Ah humanity 
$C: This is awesome. There are good Mr. Rogers-like individuals in this world still. 
$C: Still open?  Was about to buy a starter sax online. 
$C: that was some cool aid from Jim Jones
$C: Lake Howell High?
$C: Never knew how much these things costed. And my school required I choose band or chorus. They didn’t rent and has to be purchased at a local store with approval of instrument from the school. And the fact my sister and I didn’t want to sing and somehow my parents bought us both an instrument. Had no idea they managed. And now I feel like shit mine is still sitting in the closet unused. Makes me want to (re)learn. 
$C: So I haven't checked /r/getmotivated

I'd assume they've already gotten the "Tought times never last, Tough people do" quote in circulation.

If not they should.
$C: I've heard stories of bad band/choir teachers. But I'm happy to say all my music instructors were of the best influences in my currently short life.
$C: It's a super super sweet letter, but the grammar in it is awful.
$C: what a cool dude
$C: Everyone look at their website 

[](http://www.allegromusiccentre.com/new/)
$C: WHO CUT THEM ONIONS??
$C: r/humansbeingbros
$C: What a man
$C: This man is literally the complete opposite of Louis CK!
$C: r/humansbeingbros
$C: He lost his gold is all
$C: Definitely a great guy.
$C: This was the day our daughter was born! The day my life began! ❤️❤️❤️
$C: This is so sweet!!  It makes me  want to pay it forward to someone and this story has nothing to do with me!! Thank you for sharing!!!
$C: As a kid with a struggling single mom growing up, this gets me in the feelers.
$C: What a top bloke. I hope your a beast on the trumpet! 
$C: r/humansbeingbros
$C: Bless James Jones
$C: I live right off of Dodd and Red Bug, if this shop is still open and I can patronage it, I’d do it in a heartbeat. 
$C: better be a nice trumpet. 
$C: Be
$C: the only worthy question is

are you worthy of Mr. Jones trumpet, motherfucker
$C: I volunteer answering Letters to Santa and we often get sad letters from adults who are going through something hard and this is the line I always use, “Tough times don’t last but tough people do.”  It’s encouraging and sympathetic at the same time.  
$C: Oh, fuck, the feels. 
$C: I don’t comment much, but this is one of the best things I’ve seen on Reddit in a long time. I used to play alto sax and my mom scrounged to buy me an instrument with a bent bell.
$C: Writing prompt: Write a story where the worst possible ending is "...and to this day, I STILL play that trumpet."
$C: Oh awesome, this place is actually fairly local to me.  I'm going to be sure and send whatever business I can that way.
$C: Holy shit OP, the letter just happens to be dated for my Birthday!

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Month ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^and ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^day ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^not ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^year
$C: Since we're on topic of playing trumpet, any great tips for learning one? I try playing mine off and on, and most of the time I sound and play like crap.
$C: I don’t know anything about you, but I’m crying. I love the good people of this world. 
$C: "So shines a good deed in this weary world."

There are good people in the world.
Sometimes it's hard to remember that, I often forget.
But I try to repeat this sentiment to myself at least once a day as a reminder.
And I try to remember the good deeds like this that I see in my personal life. So I don't get bogged down with cynicism. 
And so I try to live up to the example of the best of us, not the worst of us.

$C: Well played Mr J. W. Jones. The world needs more poeple like you :)
$C: This is beautiful 
$C: Jim Jones was a great guy.
$C: r/humansbeingbros ?
$C: As a saxophone player, it really warms my heart to see stuff like this. I’m extremely fortunate to have parents who have been able to afford a few saxophones of different types, and I have made it a mission to lend my instruments out to whoever may need it. I’ve had to pay for a few repairs out of my own pocket, but seeing middle schoolers in particular smile when they play on a sax that is an intermediate or professional model when they’ve played on student models exclusively never fails to make me grin ear to ear. 
$C: This is what America is all about. At least it used to be. Maybe there is too many money changers in the temple.
$C: This is incredibly moving. What an amazing find.
$C: Hey, thats where I got my Saxophone in middle school! Never thought I’d see Casselberry front page
$C: Music, the greatest gift I've ever been given, the greatest gift I cant wait to give!
$C: We've got an Allegro Music here in the East Bay, Cali and the people there are amazing and crazy skilled. Awesomeness must be a pre-req to work there!
$C: The reviews on Google Maps are pouring in for this place.
$C: Oh my god. I’m not crying you’re crying. 
$C: This is where my family rented my clarinet! Same exact spot. Hey fellow Central Floridian!
$C: /r/humansbeingbros
$C: onions man
$C: What I see in this letter is human being
$C: If I know the internet, and I like to think I do, then James Jones of the Allegro Music Centre will be interviewed by Buzzfeed or Yahoo in...

3

2

1


(All kidding aside, and as a casual musician, what an amazing gift)
$C: Nice Trump-et story 
$C: Tough times don't last, tough people do. Thanks OP I needed that today.
$C: I really thought this was going to be from the 1970’s or something. Did not expect it to be so recent. 
$C: I fucking love this so much. Regardless if you’re still a musician or not, this is so great. Thanks for sharing.
$C: How much are they? 

I was never in the band or have a musical bone in my body (tried drums got told I sucked so I quit) 
So I really have no clue how much one would be 

$C: Prime content for r/humansbeingbros
$C: That is heartwarming. Thank you for the share.
$C: This business knows the joy of music, and the importance of passing it on. BRAVO!!!
$C: r/humansbeingbros
$C: I'm crying. You're crying too, right?
$C: You got 45k karma, time to give it up
$C: Hey that’s my birthday 
$C: Real businessman. Why he's been selling trumpets and the like, for 25 years. Customer interaction. Loyalty. And the ability to put himself in someone else's shoes and take off the greed we fester in this land. 
$C: Damn onions...
$C: This. *This* is good business
$C: r/wholesome
$C: He stole that last line from Scott Hall! 
$C: Is it in good shape rn?
$C: So what did your mom do to help another student when times got better?
$C: Beautiful, this is an uplifting pic as not many ever posted 
$C: Ma heart is full
$C: The things our parents hid from us
$C: If I ever live in Florida this man has my business of they're still around
$C: That's really awesome.
$C: /r/mademesmile
$C: Top bloke 
$C: Stuff like this makes me happy to be a band person.  
$C: This restored my faith in humanity a bit. Thanks for sharing. 
$C: You mom has a seriously awesome Star Wars name!!
$C: We have a a similar last name. Are you Sicilian?
$C: Super ironic! I also played trumpet in high school and I'm also from Orlando.

My mother bought my Stradivarius from "The Band Room" downtown on Bumby and Mills. I still love it to pieces. 
$C: Looks like their website has not been updated since 1999. I bet they could have used that rent money for a new website. :) 
$C: Holy shit I used to go to this music shop to practice. 
$C: This is beautiful! I’m glad you shared this. It made me smile...
$C: Time to pay it forward \(or back?\)

[https://www.yelp.com/biz/allegro\-music\-centre\-casselberry](https://www.yelp.com/biz/allegro-music-centre-casselberry)
$C: With good people like that running the place no wonder they are still in business. http://www.allegromusiccentre.com/new/
$C: his name is camel sauce?
$C: Might have almost cried right now, whatever.
$C: Florida man melts heart and chops onions...

$C: That’s really neat. Made me feel good that there are such good people in this world. If you still have it I’d never get rid of it, or pass it on. Not sure which but that’s amazing. 
$C: r/HumansBeingBros
$C: That's pretty damn awesome
$C: My trumpet teacher and his wife sourced me a fantastic 2nd hand trumpet when I was in high school... Man I miss that big band jazz.... 
$C: r/MadeMeSmile
$C: Awesome
$C: The other Jim Jones.
$C: That’s Love 
$C: An old man once offered me a rusty trombone. Who knows where id be now if I had taken him up on it.
$C: I'm not crying, you're crying. 
$C: r/FloridaMan
$C: C'mon man I didn't come here to cry 
$C: I hope you made some beautiful music. This is one of the best things I've ever seen. 
$C: I hope you blow fire from that horn. 
$C: This totally made my day!
$C: This legitimately brought a tear to my eye. 
$C: That’s perhaps the most baller thing I’ve ever read. That man knew how powerful music can be and opted to help give you a better life. Hope you love your mama too because this letter assuredly sounds like a response to a heartfelt message she sent in some way and last but not least if you ever want to jam I’m down :D!!
$C: What a hero
$C: This really made me smile. I love people like this and it's what I strive to be. Always pay it forward!
$C: That’s one of the few times I can confidently say “rad” and fully put myself behind the use. 
$C: This is beautiful.
$C: Nice.   
Keep the trumpet.   
Cherish it.  


Thanks for sharing :\)
$C: that is /r/wholesomememes  material
$C: Haha your name is Jacques!
$C: That's here in orlando
$C: Just WOW!
$C: As a current music major in college this made me cry
$C: Nice try James.
$C: r/humansbeingbros
$C: GG James Jones. Probably one of the best things a Jim Jones ever did. /s
$C: Respect to that man.
$C: Looks like the place is still around

[http://www.allegromusiccentre.com/new/](http://www.allegromusiccentre.com/new/)
$C: I’m not crying. You’re crying. 
$C: This warms my heart. During my senior year, my TA left me out on my last year of band. I should have taken it that year. I loved my trumpet.
$C: This is the greatest thing I’ve seen on this site. It would be even better if it was a tuba though.
$C: Oh man. Touches my heart!
$C: Lol did he quote Robert Schuller?
$C: This the type of shot to make you cry
$C: The real mvp
$C: Y'all wanna buy a trumpet from this guy? We can give it to a deserving kid. Call it "The James W. Jones Scholarship for Kids That Can't Play Trumpet Good." Or something like that. 
$C: That’s amazing!
$C: One of the nicest things I've ever read.
$C: Awesome! FYI, store is still around and looks to be owned by the same man:
 http://www.allegromusiccentre.com/new/
$C: I lived behind that place for quite a while. Used to buy reeds from them. That was a nice shop. 
$C: I have a trumpet I don't use anymore. Any ideas who to get in touch with?
$C: Pay it forward, so someone else can play it forward. Music and a little touch of kindness makes a lot of difference, even if the gesture seems small. Hope that man got the karma points he clearly deserves. 
$C: Are those tear smudges on the paper?
$C: Wish a few creditors had been like this with my mum, she might still be with me today and I may have still been playing the flute 
$C: Remember, bad times are just times that are bad.
$C: This guy is awesome 
$C: i love this; true act of kindness
$C: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ADHXahsxIGM&t=1m7s
$C: Nice try Allegro Music Centre
$C: /r/MadeMeSmile 
$C: Casselberry isn't very far from me. Saving this so I know who to look up when I want a new instrument again.
$C: It might be time to return it and buy your own
$C: /r/hailsmalllocalbusiness
$C: r/humansbeingbros 
$C: Can someone explain 
$C: This is sincerely a blessing. I forgot to pay for a box of chocolates for a band fundraiser, and my school took my saxophone from me (it wasn’t even bought through the school, I owed no money on it) and my band teacher told me that I couldn’t have it back until I paid them $100 for the chocolates. The box of chocolate was $50. The saxophone was $300 my god mother who passed away bought me as a present. Needless to say I wanted to burn the school down. 
$C: Tekethia is an interesting name.
$C: James W. Jones of Casselberry, Florida. - Give this man a Bells!
$C: I was to far from that place , but let me know if you need my help in any case. i defiantly do what i will do my best.
$C: Casselberry!
$C: This whole thread sent me on a rollercoaster of emotions. I hope this post gets millions of upvotes.
$C: It's characters such as the man in this letter that restores faith in humanity. 
$C: Aw. That's the nicest thing I've seen in a long time. I was lucky about band. My dad was a musician. He also worked for the studios down here in Houston getting "stuff" for "people", so he always had someone looking to trade an instrument for something. 
$C: Allegro Music, holy shit that was not a name I'd thought I'd see ever again...

Fellow band geek from central florida, seeing this definitely brought back some memories.
$C: "Bad times don't last, but bad guys do."
$C: Great advertising.  Well placed on Reddit with a story that looks like content.
10/10


$C: It's so inspiring and the fact that this letter was written on the same date as of my birthday, i.e December 17 makes it more significant to me. It is almost as if omens are telling me:
Work of your ass boy or else you'll get your ass whooped.
Thank you for this post.
$C: Did you play the shit out of this motherfucker? Did you exceed expectations? If not, don't even answer me. I'll be sad if you didn't. And if you didn't it's not too late.
$C: JIM JONES!?!? Run for your lives!!!!!
$C: Did you keep playing trumpet, OP? 
$C: And that man? Louis Arms... Oh.
$C: FLORIDA MAN REDEEMED!
$C: So this one time at band camp
$C: Grown men also cry Mr Lewbowski
$C: Amazing! I wish my music teacher was like this. God bless you!
$C: This guy is amazing.... I hope you grew up to be Kenny G
$C: need more people like him .
$C: So. Do you still play the trumpet? 
$C: What a fuckin decent bloke. Bloody legend
$C: This is so awesome on so many levels. 
$C: Well, I hope you ended up a fucking Miles Davis after that letter.
$C: Are you a swan without a voice?
$C: Hello, fellow Orlando-metro-area resident.

This is dope, I’ll take note of this place from now on.
$C: I have a brother name Jacques and a son name Jaquez. Jaquez also plays an instrument that we had to rent. Also received a letter about how it is due.
$C: “Old” ... it has only been 9 years...
$C: Would be hilarious is all reddits unwanted instruments ended up there....
$C: r/HumansBeingBros
$C: If he had shared this he'd have been blowing his own Trumpet.  
$C: Did you master the trumpet? 
$C: Oh man this made me ugly cry. 
$C: Was anyone else surprised when they saw the date? I thought this was from a long time ago. Regardless, your mother is a good human and so is this man for doing you both a solid. May his business flourish another 25 years!
$C: :')
$C: They have a Facebook page - give them a nice review?
$C: I donated my Yamaha flute to a middle school band director. My mom struggled to purchase mine as well. Paying it forward.
$C: Using the feeling I got from reading this post to reinforce my actions to be a good person. It's worth it. It's worth bearing the shitty things in life to get to have an impact on someone like this. 
$C: Yaay! Nice stuff!
$C: Are they still running ? If so next year it will be 35 years 
$C: /r/humansbeingbros
$C: r/mademesmile
$C: Love these acts of kindness
$C: I know I’m late to the party, but I worked for a violin shop on the east coast several years ago, and we supplied stringed instruments and accessories to Allegro Music, and I can attest that they are very good to their customers as well as the community.
$C: Dear James Jones

Is mayonnaise an instrument?

Patrick Star
$C: Well did you continue playing?
$C: Hail corporate? 
$C: This honestly warms my heart a lot. Thanks for sharing, OP
$C: You better be a world class trumpeter or there is no god.
$C: And on that day the trumpet scam was born.
$C: I wish my parents got my sax from this guy when I was a kid... the place that rented (not rent to own) used to rent instruments at a cost that if you had a nearby music store (I grew up in a small rural town of a little over 2000 people an hour away from the nearest city, 4 hours away from mid sized cities) 3 to 5 months rent could get you an upper mid quality instrument, and you would often have the same instrument for 4 to 5 years.   One family we knew had missed a payment due to a miss addressing of an envolope and they charged them 3 months rent as a penalty, 5 if they didn't wire them the money by the end of the week, and if they didn't pay they would take them to  court and seize the instrument (and oboe if I remember right).

It really makes me appreciate this guy is out their supporting young talent in this day and age.
$C: Earn this... Earn it.
$C: Wow I used to play trumpet too. 
$C: Late to the party but has no one noticed how fabulous this woman’s name is? “Tekethia Ruffin”
$C: Now you can pay for your trumpet rental. 
$C: Your mum’s name is Tekethia? That’s badass 
$C: If this post gets 100k upvotes, I will send this to my dad
$C: I love these kind of post. It's really the embodiment of wholesome and make the world less colder than I'm pessimistically think it is.

The only con is there's always onion around when I read these type of wholesome post.

People like these are the true heroes.
$C: r/wholesomememes
$C: Just went to the store's \[site\]\([https://www.allegromusiccenter.com/index.php?cPath=48\_44](https://www.allegromusiccenter.com/index.php?cPath=48_44)\) and we're talking some serious money here, so the guy \*\*really\*\* did a solid, IMO. He lists it for $1,295.00. Now I know fuckall about trumpets so somebody check it out. I just think we should pick a dollar amount, have someone volunteer their services and start a go fund me or something, and donate it to the shop. I'd kick in some bucks as well just to increase my karma.
$C: r/humansbeingbros
$C: this guy has fuckin inspired me, thank you for this!
$C: Thats incredible. That has genuinely topped up my happy meter for the day ahead with some to spare.
$C: That's awesome
$C: Just went to the store's site    and we're talking some serious money here, so the guy \*\*really\*\* did a solid, IMO. He lists it for $1,295.00. Now I know fuckall about trumpets so somebody check it out. I just think we should pick a dollar amount, have someone volunteer their services and start a go fund me or something, and donate it to the shop. I'd kick in some bucks as well just to increase my karma.
$C: Wow, 2009 was over 9 years ago...9 years is NOT a long time
$C: Made me tear up a little. One of the reasons i love this site is that while informing me of just how shitty the world is, it also shows me windows into just how beautiful and kind we can be to one another. Sorry, i know its corny.
$C: And they didn't do it for karma or social media back then. Today even generosity looks just like another marketing campaign.
$C: 2009 is old? Damn
$C: Oh man, oh man, 2009 is so long ago I don't even remember if we had invented colour yet! 
$C: That’s a real one right there.
$C: Did you continue the trumpet?
$C: Years later

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CgHW02YF50s 

:P
$C: too wholesome for reddit
$C: Moms are the best <3
$C: 😭😭😭😭
$C: Cuộc sống đôi khi thật bất công
$C: That hit me right in the feels, i haven´t even had coffee yet and mi sobbing the kitchen. there are good people out there
$C: I’m not crying, you’re crying!
$C: Amazing stuff
$C: Oh man, I used to live in Casselberry during university. Here’s to hoping I never go back. Suspenders was my lifeline though
$C: I’m crying 
$C: Wow not how I expected that to go. What an awesome person. Not trying to toot their horn, but they are quite selfless.
$C: Well? How did you do? Conteue playing? Still own it but not play anymore? You can probably donate it back to them if you don't play anymore. Would love to see a fallow up
$C: So....do you still play?
$C: Who left this big ole bowl of chopped onions under my nose??? 
$C: Leave them some good Google reviews too!! Always helps. I have forever destroyed my Reddit anonymity by doing so but oh well. Worth it!
$C: I hope you still play trumpet! 
$C: James W. Jones of Casselberry, Florida.
$C: Oh how I wish there where more people like this in the world.
$C: Trumpet for life !
$C: Sincerely, 

   -Saul Goodman Sr.
$C: Do you still play the trumpet?
$C: Keep this culture you have American people 👍🏻
$C: This is really sweet, but I refuse to believe 2009 was a long time ago. 
$C: This... Makes me want to screen shot it just to show it to people who may not even use Reddit... wholesome AF!
$C: Lucky for you he didn’t go by Jim
$C: Old? That was just 2009! I'm not old! Who says I'm old? T_T 
$C: please tell me you did not drop out and became the best trumpeter ever...
$C: Ahhh, this is just beautiful. Damn it, the world needs more of this.
$C: "old" letter... Lol... Yeah.. 
Good story though. 
$C: r/HumansBeingBros
$C: Awesome!

It is funny how the letter looks like some ancient text you found in an attic...but then you notice the URL.

Goodness I’m getting old. 
$C: Wholesome af
$C: Are we allowed to cry a little?
$C: If only people were still like this.
$C: Dang, what a guy! 
$C: I will donate redit gold to you, if you still play it. ☺️ 
$C: I’ve been looking to purchase a violin for a while ( I haven’t played in a few years) and had been looking around. If I pay for shipping I wonder if he will send me one. These are the places that let me play as a kid when my parents had no money, and now as adult the kind of places I want to patronize, even if it’s across the country. 
$C: So are you still playing???
$C: You might want to do a better redaction job next time.  Looks like you just used the paint brush in Photoshop, which doesn't conceal very well.
$C: i had the same situation,but they forced me to return...
$C: Fuck me onions everywhere!
$C: I got my trumpet for free by learning to play the flute
$C: This is the best thing I've read all day 
$C: My question is, did you continue to play the trumpet? and if so, are you a professional musician today because of it?
$C: This is the kind of stuff that make you realize there are still good people on this Earth and that give you faith in humanity.
$C: That guy's name? Trumpet boy.
$C: Stained with the tears of a happy and grateful mother :)
$C: So sweet. When I was a kid in elementary band, my parents struggled to pay for my flute rentals and my band teacher let me play it for free. 
$C: Wholesome AF
$C: awesome
$C: Sincerely Yours, ?
$C: This made me cry. So pure. 
$C: well now im crying a bit
$C: Did you drop out of band? 
$C: Found Chuck Mangione.
$C: U got the big gay
$C: And O.P. Still plays the trumpet to this day.
$C: I think I'm out of the loop, who is Florida Man? I don't see anything about him in this letter..
$C: This is amazing 
$C: U r the real MVP
$C: r/humansbeingbros
$C: C^o^^o^^^o^^^^l
$C: As a musician, this is touching.  People fail to realize the cost of instruments.  In my adulthood I've spent tens of thousands on cabinets and amps and guitars.  But as a kid coming from nothing, playing brass, simply no way to come about the funds to fulfill that kind of joy.  Be well.
$C: Best thing I’ve read in ages...I’m a musician too ☺️🙌
$C: Good
$C: Music Centre Owner: Your momma sure does care about your education, son.
Music Centre Owner: You don't say much do you?
Young Jaques: [imitates the noises he has just heard] eh, eh, eh, eh, eh
$C: People, this is what it's all about! 
$C: After reading the title I was going to make a joke about people who play trumpets. But the dust that landed in my eyes as I read your post made my eyes water....
$C: You better be a good trumpet player by now OP
$C: Did you stop playing the trumpet?
$C: And did you keep playing the trumpet? 
$C: Was going to say how those were better times, only to see that the letter was dated at the height of the great recession.
$C: I'm a grown man in the shower,  and his line about tough people almost made me cry. I had to play it off like a laugh. 

I'm going through tough times now,  and it's hard sometimes to see the other end. 

That and pure compassion is hard to find. 
$C: This is what we HAVE to do for one another sometime.  It can't be mandatory or confiscatory, but without people like this, society does not function. 
$C: Hello, fellow Central Floridian!  How much are instrument rentals, approximately?  I may drop by there to see if I can go pay a few months rent on another student’s rental. 
$C: I have been playing acoustic guitar for over 50 years and it is the one thing I do that consistantly gives me enjoyment and serenity. (Apologies to wife; we have our moments.) One of the best financial bullets to have bitten in my youth!
$C: Damn. That is awesome. 
$C: S
$C: Karma Nuclear bomb discovered!
$C: As a former manager of a music rental store I can tell you how rare this is. What a remarkable man and company to take this personal approach rather than look at it from a financial perspective first. This truly made me smile. 
$C: I enjoy the authoritative tone.
$C: Epic
$C: Florida man gives trumpet away and melts your heart. 
$C: Did you continue playing, OP? Or did you give the trumpet back?
$C: Oh hey I work like right down the street from here.
$C: Did you continue to play? 
$C: /humansbeingbros 

$C: This post made me looked up on how much a trumpet would cost and I was totally unaware that trumpets would cost up to $500! That is crazy! Glad that this man willing to pulled this move, it is very rarely happen in any businesses!
$C: Woah, Allegro is where I used to buy my sax reeds in high school.
$C: This man is a g 
$C: Tell me you kept playing the damn thing after that!!
$C: You guys crashed the website!
$C: This is beautiful and done before a time where it was only done to post on social media. 
$C: Treat others the way you want to be treated.
$C: Did we just kill their website?  It says their bandwidth limit has been exceeded.  
$C: So where is the rest of the story?? Need closure. 
$C: Did you keep playing trumpet?

My parents used to pay for piano lessons for me. I was in about 9th grade when I started "forgetting" I had them. My teacher stopped coming.

I regret this. 
$C: The world needs more people like this! <3
$C: This letter made me cry..
$C: You had better not still have that trumpet!
$C: That's awesome, I love the quote too. I hope she was tough! 
$C: we need more people like this fine man, this is beautiful 
$C: The real MVP 
$C: I got my trumpet from that very store many years ago.  
$C: Now that is the definition of a good human being
$C: At all who are curious the shop is still there and owner, Jim, is still just as nice. 
$C: 2 corinthians 9:7....love this
$C: People helping people. Always nice to see.
$C: I need a new clarinet. I’ve been thinking of picking it up again. 

They do shipping, yes?
$C: Goes a long way to redeem the name James W. Jones.
$C: That is such a nice thing to do. So, did you stay in band?
$C: :’) 
$C: Your school doesn't provide instruments for kids to play?
$C: What a wonderful, wholesome man! 
$C: That's really awesome and reading that made my morning better. I love when people do likenesses like this. 
$C: The fact that the surname is ruffin makes this more poignant
$C: Sounds like a true leader to me. 
$C: Wow, I used to play trumpet too and got mine from the sample place but back in the early 90's. Good to see they are still around.
$C: guess we gotta hone up and ask if you ever had someone called  Tekethia Ruffin and if he says yes just say that you need to know there address quickly as it is urgent BOOOOOM!!!!
$C: This will probably get buried, but I'd love to know more about what Casselberry is like now. I lived there until I was 9, but had to move after 9/11 when my dads construction company went under. Casselberry Elementary gave me some good times.
$C: See, Jim Jones wasn't all bad.
$C: I’m a Ruffin too. What’s up, family?
$C: I hope you pay, or have paid, it forward. 
$C: Just lovely. 
$C: This should be on /r/GetMotivated
$C: Anybody nearby looking for an instrument, please go to this guy. These are the businesses that deserve to survive.
$C: But, do you still play the trumpet? 
$C: So when are you showing us the teumpet you are donating?
$C: Don't make me cry this early dangit. I got beautiful in my eyes! 
$C: r/humansbeingbros
$C: What a fucking god 
$C: I used to live right around the corner from this place. Neat
$C: r/GetMotivated
$C: Can we do a Reddit meet up?
$C: "It is the small everyday deeds of ordinary folk that keep the darkness at bay. Small acts of kindness and love."
$C: Its these kind of pics that I like to see on this sub, ones that don't need a caption to make the post better.

In fact, I hope this sub will disallow captions eventually
$C: Never thought I would see my favorite music store on /r/pics. I live like 5 minutes away from where they were down in Deer Run. Really cool people but I haven't been by there in years. I wonder if they're still open. 
$C: too bad the real world doesn't work like this.
$C: I used to live across the street from that place. Wonderful people
$C: > Tough times never last


That's a highly dubious statement.
$C: For this to happen in a year that filled America with lots of depression and dwindling hope for financial futures, this man did a great thing.
$C: This is my middle school band teachers father in law. Wild. 
$C: Seems like this guy inspired Scott Hall https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NAWqN9F6Q9U
$C: Wow from Jim Jones himself. Thats ballin. 
$C: The dotcom place would never do this.  So sad to see the local mom and pop places die out. 
$C: Do you still play?
$C: I'm a huge baby, this made me cry.
$C: Was expecting to see this dated early 20th century. 

Glad to see us showcase the bright spots in the world today for a change. 
$C: Lets see that trumpet! I wanna hear you play!
$C: Do you still play the trumpet?
$C: Well did you keep playing the trumpet?
$C: Question is did you keep playing? And more importantly is mayonnaise an instrument? 
$C: Remindme! 1 day
$C: Nice. 
$C: I’ll make a note of that
$C: Please, please please tell me you still play?
$C: Old letter

2009
$C: You better be Kenny G!! 
$C: Hey, Casselberry! Lyman bro?
$C: Good Guy Music Store Owner
$C: I'm not crying, you're crying.  
$C: Do you still play, OP?
$C: This made me tear up. Do you still have the trumpet?
$C: Did you learn how to play the trumpet in the end then? If not then time to find this guy, pay him for the trumpet and sponsor a few young students in music. Why... well do you remember how badly you wanted to learn the trumpet... and expect nothing back in return. Good lad. 
$C: Is somebody cutting onions around here? My eyes are like waterfalls 
$C: They are still open too! 


http://www.allegromusiccentre.com/new


$C: Please tell me you play for the Philharmonic 
$C: That's so sweet! 
$C: So did you keep on playing?
$C: Damn. Old letters have website urls now...
$C: /r/humansbeingbros 
$C: This is awesome. My trumpet got repoed, from the band hall, before band practice. I was in sixth grade. I was so humiliated. 
$C: “And I still have that same trumpet, sitting just above my fireplace” 
$C: ....and the website has been given the Reddit Hug of Death. 
$C: I really want to stop crying but I fucking can’t 
$C: This is surprisingly wholesome. 
$C: Bamboozle:  OP is a professional trumpet player and has never had to return the trumpet
$C: I love that the place is in Casselberry. I've lived in Casselberry, and currently live in Altamonte. 
$C: ❤️
$C: This made me cry 
$C: Warms my heart to see when others are blessed with this kind of grace, and to see it appreciated.
Keep good karma alive ✌🏼️
$C: Aww the best post i have seen today. Much love
$C: So, OP, did you keep playing or did you quit?
$C: That trumpet's name? 

Albert Einstein.
$C: Did you keep playing the trumpet OP?! 
$C: Looks like r/humansbeingbros material
$C: Did you stay in?
$C: Not quite my tempo. 
$C: I was graduating from High School and had always wanted to play the trumpet. My HS had started a band program too late for me and the band leader heard of my disappointment. He loaned me a horn for a year and gave me lessons every week. When the year was up a horn magically appeared with some story of woe and it was gifted to me. Thanks Mr Mancini.
$C: The best thing about this pic (and it soothes my bitter, skeptical soul) is that it wasn't charity done for cameras, with a photo op and mugging for the camera for a pat on the back. This was a private letter showing private charity and goodness. Just feels BETTER
$C: You better have kept playing that trumpet ;)

What an awesome person that was.
$C: Do you still play ?
$C: Didn’t know we finished sentences that ask a question with a period now. Cool 😎 
$C: Did you continue playing? If not, did you give the trumpet back?
$C: How wonderful! I wonder if this place sells online? This gentleman deserves an influx of business as a result of this generosity. I hope you kept playing, even if just to honor this man.
$C: Does anyone else think 2009 (the date the letter is dated) is not old?
$C: Oh wow. Right in my home town OP!
$C: This is amazing! Good on that guy
$C: Well OP, still playing? 
$C: r/humansbeingbros
$C: What a lovely gesture. The world needs more people like this
$C: Wholesome
$C: He forgot the question mark!
$C: In the past people had hearts.
$C: We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give.

~Winston Churchill
$C: What happened to the trumpet? Did you ever return it ? 
$C: What OP, are you me??
$C: Aw man, I had to return my sax when I was in college. I had it on rent-to-own, then went into software instead of music (because pro musicians don't make much money). Now, of course, that I'm making good money, I'd really rather have that sax back :(
$C: I feel like I know you.
$C: Damn. Thats amazing. As a trumpet player this is awesome to see
$C: Great letter 
$C: [removed]
$C: So, did the kid quit band or what?
$C: Not gonna lie. Teared up a little bit...
$C: You can always count on Reddit to start your day with a teary eye
$C: If the same owner is there I would love to know. Have some old saxophones I no longer use.
$C: Aww I live in Sanford, made me smile more to see this was local!
$C: James W. Jones you da real MVP.
$C: /r/oldschoolcool
$C: Bless him! ♡♡♡
$C: I guess this is why I come to reddit everyday. I need the news of people's lives.
$C: Who's chopping onions around here?!
$C: r/wholesomememes
$C: RIP their phone number.
$C: I love shit like this
$C: Not all heroes wear capes.
$C: Nice 
$C: I expected the letter to be dated in year 1949 or 1959 and not 2009.
$C: I got my first drum from them! Not sure if they're still around (I don't live in FL anymore) but that was a great music shop. Everyone was super nice and helpful, this letter doesn't surprise me in the slightest. 
$C: Damn, it's horrible your mom named you Jacque
$C: Is the water damage from tears or rain
$C: Wow... my mother bought mine and my brothers instruments from this same place. Did you attend Lyman/Milwee by any chance?
$C: Oh wow, only 30 minutes away from here!
$C: Kind act of good people just moved me
$C: Wow. I live super close to this place. Casselberry getting that recognition finally!!! Lol. 
$C: This dude's a good dude.  Just being a good human and supporting the arts all in one fell swoop.

Bravo James W. Jones.
$C: So do you still play? 
$C: This place is awesome! S/o to another Orlando Native!
$C: 1 Trumpet has been added to inventory.
$C: I hope you turned out a good artist
$C: It’s too early to have already cried today
$C: 😢
$C: Damn. That's right up the road from me. Good on that guy.

$C: "Your momma sure does care about your schoolin' boy."
$C: /r/HumansBeingBros 
$C: Our band teacher was arrested for pawning school instruments to gamble. Was the first time I realized that teachers were just people too. 
$C: So you’re a professional trumpet player now right? That’s how these things work.
$C: Thank you for sharing. This moved me to tears. 
$C: Record yourself playing it asap
$C: I'm emailing them now to see if they want my old student Oboe. I've had it for 20 years and don't play but maybe some kid will get use from it.
$C: I just got whatever was in my eye for a day out and then you go and put it right back in there. Thanks!

Seriously though, this made my morning.
$C: And the kid never played trumpet again. So the story goes?
$C: Did OP keep on playing?
$C: That Jones is above average
$C: Aw, bless him,the kind man... 
I'm glad you got to do your music 'till the end!
$C: /u/jacques4801 are you still playing trumpet?
$C: I'm not crying, you're crying! 
$C: Holy shit that’s my music store...
$C: That is so nice to read
$C: My dad worked shift work for years and took on a part time job to pay for my trumpet. I loved that horn and it paid for some of my college. I ended up pawning it for rent and wasn't able to get it back. Ever since my dad passed away, I think about that horn all of the time and what a piece of shit I was to pawn it. I'm sorry dad.
$C: I'm not crying, its just valve oil in my eyes..
😢
$C: Well did you keep on playing?
$C: Man it is so easy to forget that there are good people out there like that. We need to make people like this the true heroes whom people aspire to  elite rather than any sports stars. You have to work and be responsible like Mr Jones to be in a position to help others and that is the definition of success, in my opinion.
$C: My parents bought my saxophone from them when I was in middle school. I remember having to get the bis key fixed and teenage me calling it the "bris" key. Both my mom and the lady behind the counter laugh and I was so confused. 

Good times.
$C: Yep, that just made me cry at 7AM.
$C: This is so sweet. Thank you for sharing!
$C: So.....what happened to the trumpet?
$C: always good to see people being put above money 
$C: This is incredible.
$C: Pay it forward.  Karma can be a wonderful thing. 
$C: I'm not crying, you're crying
$C: You still playing, Jacques?

I hope so. /r/brass 
$C: That’s an amazing amount of charity by the owner. There’s nothing worse than seeing a person struggle to enjoy something we might all take for granted, all for the sake of money. 
$C: This happened to me and a buddy in elementary school; except the music store was just really bad at keeping inventory and forgot about the instruments
$C: I love this letter. Great man, so much kindness.
$C: *criiiiiiiiiiiiies*
$C: Fuck yeah
$C: Jim Jones then went on to create a cult and move to Central America
$C: What a good guy 
$C: ...and now I am starting the day in tears. 
$C: class act through and through
$C: We are from the same exact neighborhood!!
$C: Wholesome
$C: Should parents make it known to their child/children if the family is going through difficult times? OP I think your mom never told you about her struggling to make the payment is that right?
$C: That is simply amazing!
$C: I just realized 2009 is "old". OH GOD! I'll just go cry in a corner now. 
$C: !invest 500
$C: Yo my name's Ruffin. That's kinda neat
$C: Isn't your name french for "I accuse"?
$C: Now reddit knows your true name, your powers are useless 
$C: This is amazing. This made your mom cry and cry.
$C: I’m not crying you’re crying. 
$C: A sincerely good person, wish we had more people like this in the world
$C: OP’s blowing his own trumpet. 
$C: Wait, but did he also give you a cup of punch?
$C: /r/pics shpuld be rebamed/r/pittyfacebookpics
$C: Wow, so close to home. Represent winter garden here. 
$C: What a wonderful man.  Reading this note and the donuts a fellow redditor brought to him might be the greatest story I've heard all week!  Thank you for posting and thank you for u/vorpib .  
$C: “Tough times don’t last tough people do” 

$C: >old letter

From basically 2010 and less than 9 years "old".
$C: Fundraiser please!
$C: This is the link where you can contact the office of Governor Rick Scott: https://www.flgov.com/contact-gov-scott/email-the-governor/#formBuilderCSSIDEmail_the_Governor?PHPSESSID=82f5ga17s6dtbae40886eu21u1

I did, and did not request anything as grand as a proclamation. I simply asked that either the Governor or the First Lady call James Jones and thank him for his service to the school children of Florida. Surely this letter does not exist in a bubble and he has done this many, many times over.

If we can do to the governor's inbox what we did to the store's website, I bet we can get James Jones a proper and official thank you.

And I suspect he'd want nothing more than that.
$C: I'm struggling really hard right to pay for food for my family let alone keep up with my bills. It's really easy to feel like your drowning in a world where everything and everyone is bad or doesn't care. For some reason this made me feel a little better because it was a nice reminder that there are people out there that truly care. 
$C: Well James, did you continue playing the trumpet??
$C: Wow, imagine how different this world would be if there were more people like James W. Jones. 
$C: Came here for fun,
Leaving with tears.
$C: What a great person. I hope life paid him back for the kindness
$C: Reminds me of Razor Ramon, "Bad times don't last, but bad guys do!"
$C: Back when letters really meant something.
$C: Do you still play?
$C: Glad to see [Allegro Music Centre](http://www.allegromusiccentre.com/new/) is still around
$C: Bad times are just times that are bad 
$C: So nice to read x
$C: When I was in middle school (looooong ago) I rented an oboe from that same shop and played it at South Seminole Middle School, and again in college. Good times. 
$C: r/HumansBeingBros
$C: Has someone already posted this in Humans Being Bros ?
$C: I finally saved up enough money to buy a set of bagpipes and then my car died.  About to make a down payment on a lease instead.
$C: Both him and your mother are amazing in their own right. 
$C: You better play that fucker to this very day.
$C: This made me cry...but also I've drank a lot of tequila today
$C: That’s just heart warming in every way 
$C: I work right next to that place.  I've heard such good stories about it. 
$C: What the heck is a reddit ..anyways if it wasn't for me .I almost had thrown this letter away but I put it in the closet....I never knew this letter was going to get all the attention..anyways heyyy brother😂😂

$C: And did you stay in band after that? Please tell me you're an up and coming jazz player.
$C: I'm his sister follow me on Facebook because I'm that bored . Aaliyahkei
Or  Instagram. scarletsblazes
$C: After the neverending news reports of doom this is a nice soul cleanse.

Thanks for sharing it.
$C: /r/humansbeingbros This gave me all sorts of feels and reminds me that people are mostly good 😭
$C: r/wholesomememes 😻
$C: Thank you.  I feel better about a lot of things.
$C: Fucking. Decent.
$C: And now OP is a virtuoso trumpetist(?)

...... right?
$C: And then she sold it for crack 
$C: Wow. Something nice out of Florida.
$C: Wow.
$C: Maybe this guy can be President 
$C: Prolly dropped out of school and used it to smoke all your weeds stuff didn’t you you bad boy
$C: I wonder what Jeff Bezos thinks to himself when he reads these stories....?
$C: Is that business still open?
$C: [removed]
$C: The music store still exists, but enough people have gone looking for the store's website that its bandwidth limit is exceeded. 
$C: Well now it's your duty to return the favor

$C: Because the music store isn't a bank. If the loan had been from a bank they would have seized the trumpet, the house, the car, even the soul, if they could.

I found a trumpet in the trash the other day. Its in the case minus mouthpiece. Nowadays its recyclable brass.

I once found a letter from a bank to a man who lost his house because he was drafted into service during Vietnam, consequently losing his job and unable to afford the mortgage payments on his house. The bank was 'so sorry' they had to take the house, the letter said so.
$C: 2009 is old?!?
$C: This is why I'm sad about the demise of small business as a result of the rise of Walmart, Amazon, ect.

Very few chains will offer this type of support, understanding, or personalized judgment. They would just snatch that trumpet back in a heartbeat, either in the name of shareholder value or because local management has no say over policy, and no discretion to make decisions like these that benefit the community. Hopefully this shop sticks around for another generation and isn't replaced by a Guitar Center.
$C: *is mayonnaise an instrument?*

$C: Wtf is a tekethia
$C: "Tough times never last, tough people do." 

Well that's just straight up bullshit
$C: Yelp review just went 5\*... I am sure they are like WTF just happened.
$C: [removed]
$C: I'm not crying, you're crying!
$C: This. Is. Straight Up awesome
$C: Hope your mom blew his trumpet as thanks. 
$C: Your mom was an accessory to first degree murder. Looks like after the trumpet rent forgiveness thing. 
$C: Judging by the generosity, weird spacing and capitalization, I'm assuming the person who wrote this was drunk. Score! 
$C: [deleted]
$C: I am surprised this is in US&A.

I hope you have moved to C.C.C.P.  

In this day and age, such socialism leanings should be reported to your local Trump office. 

God Bless Amerika!
$C: Trumpet master race. 

Cue downvotes from woodwinds lmao 
$C: [deleted]
$C: Karma +1000
$C: James W. Jones, that's some nice charity from a business owner. 
$C: That attitude should be teached at school. 
$C: James W. Jones was a class act. 
$C: Old?
$C: So, you could say, she was Ruffin it?
$C: That child? He went on to become Mozart. 
$C: Don’t forget the skin flute.......
$C: Plot twist, James W. Jones is married to OP's mom!
$C: Same person?

http://westorlandonews.com/woman-arrested-in-connection-with-ocoee-teen-murder/
$C: He spells "centre" instead of "center" hmmm.... 
$C: This has to be a joke because if it's not this guy is the biggest d bag in the world ever for basically stealing an instrument  and not giving it back to the kids who deserve it . he goes to a special place in Reddit hell.
May you always have stickey balls and an itchy ass hole and the reputation of william j demand tr nj
$C: Tell people in Cambodia that tough times don’t last. 
$C: Gotta downvote. You know exactly what the intentions were behind that person doing that for you, yet never paid it forward for someone who would keep up with it. Atleast pay off the balance if you're gonna keep it and not play
$C: [removed]
$C: [deleted]
$C: This was capitalism too.   
Just not the corporate kind.
$C: This reminds me of a story.   This one time, in band camp....
$C: I just see a Forest Gump joke here. 
$C: I'm comment 666
$C: As a Mormon growing up, i always felt guilty taking part in premarital sax 
$C: Responsibilities for some, not for others.
$C: Nice try, Allegro Music Center PR.
$C: Did...did he get some later...?
$C: Under Trump as president he would said fuck you pay me
$C: [deleted]
$C: How poor so you have to be to not afford a trumpet?? Lol XD
$C: Sincerely yours? What’re you gay?
$C: I’m heterosexual

$C: Well OP, did you drop out of band?
$C: Sucks ops mom is a serious homophobe! 


$C: I would have taken a different approach:
Dear sir/madam

Due to recent cut backs in our department, the group responsible for collecting outstanding trumpet rent can only afford to pursue those who can afford to pay said rent+late fees.
It has become too expensive to obtain money from people alreasy on hard times, as such we must apologize as it is now up to you to apply sanctions upon yourself. We recommend strongly worded emails with legal mumbo jumbo once a month followed by dressing up and angrily knocking on your own door. 
Currently the trumpet remains within the hands of a student, so is already in efficient use, so no action can be tacken until he leaves said school. Please continue to allow this student to practice, his contribution to the school orchestra is the only thing keeping us afloat.

Yours apolagetically
The schools department of finance
$C: What a good cunt
$C: Who the fuck named Jacques lives in Florida bruh? 
$C: I guess you can say that times were RUFF-in. 😃
$C: Things like that shouldn’t happen. That’s why there is communism.
$C: trump is stupid
$C: Old letter? Neat!
2009? Oh
$C: “Old Letter” Dated 2009. 🤦🏻‍♂️
$C: Stop playing the trumpet.
$C: [removed]
$C: "Old letters " - > 2009 ...   
  Muricans
$C: Wow 138k upvotes for a picture of text, GG reddit. 
$C: I know it's not original, but your mother performed fellatio multiple times for that so I do hope you appreciate it, son.
$C: Something about this letter just comes off aggressive and cold to me

Like ‘yeah i guess i’ll help you but you do what i say and play by my rules bitch’
$C: God the band chicks were fugly. 
$C: Goddamnit, stop chopping those onions!
$C: > Maybe, you can help some other student 

Maybe, you can help some other student, learn how commas, work.
$C: My thoughts? I think you're lucky. Luckier than I was. Plus you're young. A letter from 2009? You've got a lot of learning to do. When I was in school I played cello. That was 1974. I had to drag that thing home. It was bigger than I was. The school let me use theirs. Later in High School switche to saxophone. I never had my own Saxophone,I had my own mouthpiece and borrowed someone elses. There was NO WAY my parents would ever, could ever, provide me such an extravagance as a musical instrument. At 18 I bought a guitar & played classical guitar music in college. I ate ramen noodles, frozen burritos, stole fruit off neighborhood trees, and mostly went hungry. Sometimes I'd dumpster\-dive for dinner. All in all, it sounds like you're pretty lucky. Compared to me you were spoiled. I bought my own musical instrument while I was literally starving.

Also, it's sweetly sentimental for mom to provide you with such an instrument. However, if she couldn't afford it she shouldn't have done it, or the whole family should have starved so you could play, as I did when I was 18. The gentleman that forgave the loan is the true star here. Everybody else are supporting actors.

That's what I think.
$C: [removed]
$C: Would never happen with a Jewish-owned music store, just sayin.
$C: > graduated from Canadian Royal Conservatory of Music

Sounds like you must have been a good and diligent student. It is often fun and rewarding for teachers to teach those with real passion or flair.


$C: Please tell me you still visit her from time to time.
$C: From the owner on the website. 

Haven’t seen it listed yet:

Thank you!
Hello Everyone! I just wanted to take a quick moment to say thanks for the heart warming outpouring response to a letter written in 2009 that find its way to Reddit recently. We have been overwhelmed with the positive response, it has been so encouraging and uplifting. You may have noticed our site went down early this morning from the mass response, but we have fixed that and will continue to try and keep up with that. We love hearing from you and your own stories that this letter has reminded you of. One thing that we have always wanted to do is have a rental scholarship fund, where we could help more students access music education by either providing a free months rent or a full school year rental based on need. This is something we will be setting up in the coming days' so stay tuned! In the meantime, one of the most impactful things you can do is to visit your local music store, purchase an instrument and donate it to your local youth orochestra or a local band program. Again, we thank you for your awesome response and we look forward to serving our local communities with music education for years to come.
$C: Maybe you should send her a thank you message or a letter? I'm sure it'd mean the world to her, just to know that her gesture was appreciated and not forgotten.
$C: Sounds like a good opportunity to pay it forward. 
$C: My dad got sick when I was 8, died when I was 10.  I wanted to play the violin desperately, but knew my mother couldn't afford it. Music is a clear path to repairing your mental health. I would've rocked it. I just started teaching myself at 48. Turns out I have a natural talent for it. I hope the piano is still a big part of your life. I'm sure it saved you at a very difficult time.
$C: This just made me cry
$C: People like to say that music has healing properties. I do not agree. I think it is the musicians who have all the power.
$C: but can you play chopsticks?
$C: I know it's ridiculously hard thing to do so I don't expect that you've gone into a musical career, but I hope you continue to play and truly express yourself, because I feel that's all your tutor wanted. There's a lot of things I wish I could still play but stopped practicing properly, and I never reached my potential. Hopefully you're close to yours!
$C: That is a wonderful thing!  Congrats on your graduation and never forget!!!!  :-) 
$C: "Bad times dont last, but bad guys do" - Razor Ramon
$C: Robert Schuller.  It's a book of motivation. 
$C: - Michael Scott
$C: My football coach’s favorite quote to yell while he was making us miserable. 
$C: *"Bad times are just times... that are bad."*
$C: >"I have been through bad times like you. But remember. Tough times never last, tough people do."

> -James W. Jones

FTFY 👍
$C: Written down in a book by Robert Schuller,
Lived by James Jones.
$C: You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take. 
-Wayne Gretzky 

-Michael Scott 
$C: This would be a great tattoo. 
$C: The TV show Elementary has conditioned me to associate this saying with something people after rehab say... 
$C: “When the tough gets going, the tough gets going”. - Theo’s high school wrestling coach. The Cosby show S6E08
$C: Tough times \- you don't think they are as it is but they do
$C: "Tough times don't last. Tough people do." - Trace Adkins, 2012
$C: [deleted]
$C: -Michael Scott
$C: - Michael Scott. 
$C: -Wayne Gretzky 


- Michael Scott
$C: I am sure the owner would just love to see this post, I hope you drop in, really nice thought!
$C: Let us know if you meet the owner. I would love to hear what he thinks of this post! 
$C: That's very thoughtful. 
$C: I attended Union Park Middle and rented a clarinet from this place. My parents said they were super nice and gave them a payment plan they were able to afford at the time. Donuts sounds about right as payment for me too. 
$C: A nice doughnation. 
$C: Just want to add that I too would love to see the owner's reaction if he saw this post but more than that would love for him to get a reminder after all these years that not being greedy and trying to do the right thing meant a lot to the people he helped and inspired hundreds of people on the internet to maybe learn from his example. 
$C: Do it! 
$C: There's a bit of a donation round-up in the comments; if we can whip up a PayPal or what-have-you you've got my donation!

Maybe /u/vorpib can run it down there on behalf of his internet mates? 
$C: See you tomorrow. Its me, the band director in case you were wondering.
$C: Small world! Just drove by that same plaza today to have lunch at the Tijuana Flats across the street. 

Have you tried Donut King? There's one over on Howell Branch and they're pretty damn good.
$C: You live five minutes from that music store? Don’t drop off donuts, give them the cash instead— a donation in honor of Mr. Jones.

I think I’ll send them a small donation, too.
$C: Maybe we could all chip in somehow and buy a trumpet from there, then they can give it to the next kid who needs one.

That might be a little tough to work out, but I'd put down $50.
$C: Thanks for the donuts! 

We are starting our own rental scholarship fund on our site
http://www.allegromusiccentre.com/new/
$C: I only live a couple continents away leave some at mine as well please
$C: Omg, I think I am about 20 min. When I get some free time. I am going to stop by also! I just hope he is still in business.
$C: did you do it
$C: Can I donate to the donuts fund? Seriously. 
$C: I plan to send them an email and/or an amazon gift card later this week. IMO when people do good, their actions sshould be rewarded so this happens again and again. 
$C: Send pictures when you do
$C: I’m 10 minutes away. I can’t believe they’re still there. “State route” sounds weird too. Yay 436 traffic amiright?
$C: Just think, this guy just wanted somebody to enjoy music in 2009.  So many years later, some random guy from the Internet shows up with donuts to thank him for giving away a trumpet.

what a random thing in this guy's life.  He's a hero, though, and deserves more donuts :)
$C: Maybe instead of a fund, we find a way to get him more sales? I'm not much of an entrepreneur myself though. ~~Does he have a good website? Even if it is just a landing page and displays the place and gives contact info that'd be some help.~~ ~~Yes there is a website. Slightly dated but functional and light.
https://www.allegromusiccenter.com/~~ This was not the correct site.


http://www.allegromusiccentre.com/new/ This is the correct site.

$C: >The Story of Allegro

>After finishing West Virginia University, Jim(along with his wife Karen) spent 5 years teaching elementary,junior high and high school band in Fayetteville, WV. After taking his band to Cherry Blossom Festival in Washington, and Gimbals Christmas Parade in Philadelphia, he and Karen moved to Orlando in 1973. After teaching at Maitland Junior High four years, he became manager of band instruments for Streep Music lor,4 years. Then in 1981 Jim and his father-in-law Howard Osborne formed Allegro Music.

>After 2 successful seasons in downtown Orlando, they lost their lease due to high rise construction. They moved the store to its present location in October 1983. Being a former band director, Jim was sensitive to the needs of Central Florida music teachers. He purchased FBA music so that the students and directors could get their music in a timely fashion. He maintained a list of qualified private music teachers on all instruments, because the shopping center would not allow private teaching in the store.

>Monica Mora was hired 4 years ago to travel to middle and high schools delivering materials and repaired instruments. She can be reached at 407-949-2067 for deliveries to your school.

>Jim still teaches trumpet and French horn privately (4O7-221-4056). His former students include the 1st Trumpet in Florida Orchestra in Tampa, Trumpet professor and chairman of music depaftment at Truman University, lead trumpet for Natalie Cole's concerts, and several practicing band directors.

>Karen maintains a private piano studio(407-221-4058) and is always eager for new students.

>January 2017 Allegro will be 36 years old. 

Good shit. 

$C: RemindMe! 1 day
$C: I can see you explaining Reddit to some old man: 

"See there's this man named HollowBoob and he's going to take a copy of that picture, repost it and trade it in for karma..  what? No karma isn't money, well, it's like fake internet money that's worthless.."
$C: You should definitely do this.
$C: Ah, you must live in unincorporated winter park. 32792? :\)
$C: Show the employees this post, hopefully it might get back to the owner and make his day!
$C: /u/ToddUlrichWFTV /u/tomterrywftv

$C: /u/vorpib looks like they moved though... according to their site
$C: He’s been waiting for his plans to play out like this since 2009...
$C: From Donut King I hope! I miss those giant king donuts. 
$C: Please do man. Let him know the world noticed what he did. He deserves the recognition. 
$C: Me too! I bought my first trumpet here as well haha small world. Great folks 
$C: I love Reddit for things like this. When the internet is used with kindness and imagination, it is MAGIC. 
$C: You must show them this post now. No take-backsies. Sorry. 
$C: Make some photos of this occasion and earn yourself some gold, too.
$C: Please do it. A dozen donuts can make an ok day a good day. 
$C: Did ya really? How'd it go? They updated their Facebook page to say 'thanks' regarding the OP!
$C: This is like the wholesome version of pizzagate
$C: RemindMe! 1 Day
$C: I used to live 5min from there also. Drove by all the time but never went in
$C: Make sure you take a picture and reap that sweet sweet karma

$C: I'd like to pitch in 5 bucks for the donuts if I can.
$C: I work 7 minutes from this place!  
$C: Don't forget telling him the number of upvotes
$C: Dawwww I love that you did that 
$C: My guess would be from Donut King? Lol! It's only a couple of miles away. That man deserves nothing less! *fellow Seminole County resident
$C: This is what makes humanity great.
$C: I'm going to do something nice as well. Maybe I will treat myself to a large latte machiato this morning
$C: Better not be fun filled 
$C: I might be making a donation on my next payday
$C: Let us know if you do!
$C: Pls do this and post it
$C: You'll have to update us on how they reacted and what not! 
$C: Please let the new owner know about this letter.
$C: I lived in hasselberry for decades, maybe we all had lunch at taco Bell at the same time and never knew.
$C: Please do and report back
$C: Please follow up.   :)
$C: And some jelly
$C: I do too! 
$C: Fill them full of holes?  

to soon? 
$C: Please do!
$C: From Donut King!
$C: Please give us update if you do. We love to hear what his reaction will be
$C: I want to see proof
$C: Me too! Haha crazy 
$C: Donut King, natch. 
$C: Wow, I live 5 hours from this place, maybe I’ll send an email tomorrow.
$C: Maybe some hot cross buns. 
$C: Please please do! 
$C: RemindMe! 1 day
$C: Can't wait!!!!!
$C: RemindMe!
$C: I see traffic still sucks on 436 since I left that hell hole. 
$C: Drive safe! 
$C: Things like this makes you love reddit :)
$C: Thank you kind sir! You are a gentleman and a scholar
$C: I've been waiting all morning for this. You are amazing! How kind hearted! 
$C: Always upvote Donut King
$C: I'm pretty sure this guy just went to a donut shop and bought some donuts. 
$C: !RemindMe 1 hour
$C: op did you go??
$C: Aww. He looks like exactly the sort of guy who'd do something like that. Nicely done, OP! 
$C: I love the framed lighting fixture on the wall.
$C: Yeah I'm definitely donating. People who do the right thing deserve to be rewarded when we can.  The website mentions a scholarship fund being setup.  Is that the best way to support them?
$C: Let me know if we start a fund, I'm in!
$C: Dammit this is too damn wholesome for me today
$C: I live right down the street of that donut king!! I’m so happy he still has the shop open and you dropped some goodies for them. 
$C: From the owners website

>Hello Everyone! I just wanted to take a quick moment to say thanks for the heart warming outpouring response to a letter written in 2009 that find its way to Reddit recently. We have been overwhelmed with the positive response, it has been so encouraging and uplifting. You may have noticed our site went down early this morning from the mass response, but we have fixed that and will continue to try and keep up with that. We love hearing from you and your own stories that this letter has reminded you of. One thing that we have always wanted to do is have a rental scholarship fund, where we could help more students access music education by either providing a free months rent or a full school year rental based on need. This is something we will be setting up in the coming days' so stay tuned! In the meantime, one of the most impactful things you can do is to visit your local music store, purchase an instrument and donate it to your local youth orochestra or a local band program. Again, we thank you for your awesome response and we look forward to serving our local communities with music education for years to come.

If asked you might want to direct people to the website in a few days/weeks and see if the fund is set up. Maybe post another edit informing everyone since you've gone Reddit viral.


$C: Somethingsomething wholesome post somethingsomething
$C: You fucker! Take all the upvotes you need
$C: Do eet
$C: No you won't
$C: It really lets you know how heartwarming OP's mother's request must have been.
$C: this is what i told my wife when she saw my 3 inch weiner lol
$C: I bet to this mom it was no small thing. So amazing
$C: Hey baby, I’ll make a world of difference in your life *wink*
$C: Too many of these small things and my small business will be a small reminder of how I fucked up again
$C: Tell that to my girlfriend
$C: All the small things...
$C: Like that extra space before the tough times/people phrase. That's some effective formatting.
$C: Gotta pay it forward. An idea thought by a child.
$C: You better know how to play the hell out of that trumpet now. 
$C: Small hands and small penis, a stable genius makes. 
$C: Truer words never written. It goes to show that good people do exist and faith in humanity is warranted. 
$C: [cough](http://westorlandonews.com/woman-arrested-in-connection-with-ocoee-teen-murder/)
$C: Tell your father-in-law he is a man I strive to emulate. He helps keep a positive hope for humanity with such acts. 
$C: Consider setting up a 501 c3 to accept instrument donations to give to underprivileged kids. Since there is about a $500 cost involved to do so, You could kickstart that cost. Overflow funds could then go to the non\-profit to purchase instruments, help donors pay for shipping costs, that sort of thing.

Why a 501? Donations would be tax deductible for donors. It's a win win.
$C: As a lifelong local who spent eight years dancing with local marching bands, years serving with TBS, and 30-plus more enjoying WDW’s top-notch musicians, I can safely assume your FIL’s shop contributed to and enriched my life more than anyone can imagine. Thank you to him! And good luck to the store! 
$C: Setting something up would be cool but please show him this post if nothing else.  I think he’d love seeing what an effect his act of kindness is having on people.
$C: Nice fella. I’m from the UK but will happily donate some dollar if something is set up!! Seems like an awesome bloke and deserves some support and love from sunny England!!
$C: Your father-in-law is a better person than I will ever be.
$C: https://www.trumpets4kids.com/about-1/

Trumpets 4 Kids is a great organization in Dallas. The founder plays the national anthem at home Cowboys games. 
$C: His wife taught me piano when I was little and Jim filled in when she was busy with something. Reading this letter is not surprising.  
Hope they both are well!
$C: Reddit should buy two trumpets from his store and ask him to give them away. Not sure why people are saying pay it forward. Pay it back to the cool dude who helped a single mom in need to her son could study music.
$C: Florida man is a nice person. 
$C: I used to teach in a competing music store in this area, and I met him a few times. Jones, and the Veino family of The Band Room are old-school businesspeople who really believe in service and treating people right. 

Because of that, they make a fuckton if money and they could just sneeze out trumpets weekly without hurting too much. Good people.
$C: [deleted]
$C: “You can easily judge the character of a man by how he treats those who can do nothing for him.”

Hey man, i know he's a trumpet player but you don't have to be mean about it.
$C: Good ol' Jim Jones
$C: That’s an inspiring quote so I immediately googled Mr. Forbes to see what sort of great man would bestow these words upon us and I find that he wasn’t known for being very charitable and loved to piss money away. Great quote though 
$C: We all need to track this man down and do something wonderful for him. 

The world is certainly a better place because of people like him.
$C: James W Jones feeds his newborns nothing but shrimp scampi!!
$C: A toast!
$C: "One of the easiest ways to dominate a man is to demand something he cannot supply."  --Gene Wolfe
$C: I try to live by those words. I'm lucky to be born in a fairly wealthy family. My parents can provide me with enough money for me to sustain myself and I have some money saved to experience life more or less as I want to. Some of my friends don't have this luck. I would hate myself to not experience good moment with my friends just because they can't afford things we want to do.

So I'm going to pay for this girl her ticket for the amusement park we planned on going soon. I've only known her for a month but I'll be flying back to my home country within 3 month and what I will take back from my stay in the US will be the memories I'll have with people I meet here. Honestly in a few month I'll have a decent wage. I don't mind giving away 50 bucks for my friend to come with us next weekend.
$C: Skål! To Mr. Jones.
$C: Happen to have a few lads around me with a beer in hand. Definately just got the weird looks calling for a toast just now.
$C: Blunt about the if clauses.
Return instrument so someone more deserving plays it.
When your financial situation is better, pay it forward.

He still seems nice. The bluntness was an interesting contrast to the grace he exhibits. 
$C: "Here, drink this Kool-Aid." -James W. Jones
$C: Did I ever tell you about the time James W. Jones showed up at my daughter’s wedding? You know my daughter, she’s a beautiful girl. Well, Jones shows up and you know he’s a big fella. Well, he’s standing right between me and my daughter at the ceremony. He’s got no right to be there, but he’s drunk and he’s James W. Jones. Well, long story short, the priest accidentally marries me and Jones. We spend the weekend in the Poconos — he loved me like I’ve never been loved before
$C: How does one drink toast?
$C: That’s one of the best quotes I’ve ever heard.
$C: I always remembered it as "who can do nothing for or to him" looked it up and your version is correct.  though I think I might like mine better. 
$C: Congrats again Reddit, you've made me cry while I stuff my face with pastries
$C: I’m always at odds with that quote because a lot of time I’m a jackass to people and sometimes I’m an exemplary example of the quote. I think it’s a good sentiment but falls short if you want try and apply it 100 % of the time.
$C: ““I’m too drunk to taste this chicken” 
- Colonel Sanders”
- Ricky Bobby
$C: Dilly dilly! 
$C: The man deserves awfully good karma in his life. We need more people like this 
$C: And way way back Jesus 
$C: Dilly dilly!
$C: https://youtu.be/a-HEpzu8Yfg
$C:  Her mum should be given some credit too!!! Even though she is struggling to make ends meet, she still wants her   daughter to pursue what she loves. 
$C: Hell yes. This guy rules 
$C: >Malcolm S. Forbes

According to Wikipedia this man was an avid promoter of capitalism and free market. Quite contradictory if he really thought what he said. You know, because capitalism is more like "fuck those who can do nothing for me". Good sport.
$C: Thanks for the quote. It's something to remind myself of. I live a pretty good life, I should help people out more.
$C: Good ol' Jim Jones
$C: Everything is relative. OP's mom might be hot as shit. Meanwhile some other poor kid with an ugly mom gets trumpet taken away.
$C: Whoever smelt it, dealt it - Someone.
$C: His name is  James W. Jones of Casselberry.
$C: Said Forbes.... A king of capitalism 
$C: How are people still assuming genders? ... 
$C: I live near Casselberry! I’d like to take Jimmy Jones some Jimmy Johns or something
$C: Hear hear
$C: Or an animal that can do nothing for him
$C: Instructions unclear. Blended toast with milk. It’s not good. Was I supposed to blend it with OJ?
$C: How does one drink toast? 
$C: This is why non-vegans are skum. 
$C: AMA request - James W. Jones !
$C: Raise a glass to freedom!
$C: "If you want to know what a man’s like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals." Sirius Black
$C: Was this quote not by Von Goethe out of interest? 
$C: Well said 🍻
$C: Can we all donate money to this man?
$C: Cheers to James W. Jones of Casselberry, Florida.
$C: This is beautiful and so is that letter. 

I cried :')
$C: Wtf what is my home town doing on reddit???
$C: When i get off work in 2 hours I will for sure drink and toast this man.
$C: Love that quote! 
$C: Good man, hear hear 
$C: Lol try this shit at guitar center
$C: Now Celebrating 33 Years Of Service
$C: A Dubya you can stand for.
$C: Talk talk customer support.
$C: This quote is something else.
Thank you for posting it.
$C: Wow, le hidden gem of a quote.
$C: That store is literally 8 minutes away from my house.   I'll be having a toast with Mr. James W. Jones himself!
$C: I have always loved this quote - thanks for sharing it!
$C: “He was known as an avid promoter of capitalism and free market trade, and for an extravagant lifestyle, spending on parties, travel, and his collection of homes, yachts, aircraft, art, motorcycles, and Fabergé eggs.”

So he wasn’t a good person by his own standards?
$C: Ole’ J.J. Casselberry does it again
$C: Take a second to leave them a positive review.
$C: Thats a great quote, just change man to person, women need this standard, too.
$C: This place still exists. It's maybe 10 minutes away from me. Cool store. I got my trumpet from there too when I was in middle school. Glad to know the guy has a great heart.
$C: Dilly Dilly!
$C: Goddamn son... Now I'm drinking and crying..... Thanks! 
$C: [deleted]
$C: > I'm getting choked up writing this, so I'll just say, this gift is powerful for someone like me, and something small really can change lives. 

I'm getting choked up reading it. When I decided to get clean off heroin, I started taking guitar lessons. Those first few months, re-discovering how to function sober was difficult. Music is one of the things that kept me anchored and let me exhaust myself emotionally. I would play until my fingers wouldn't let me and I would play fast and hard, letting myself get lost.

You reminded me of that time of my life through your story. Music is powerful.   
$C: This is exactly how I felt about color guard/marching band. I am not a graceful person, but every second on that field was different. Now, at 23, the discipline that I learned in band has carried over to the rest of my life. The phrase "if you're not 10 minutes early you're 5 minutes late" has become an engrained part of me. The sense of community I got from band totally got me through high school, where I was the new kid and only knew a few people because I went to a different middle school, but my brother went to that high school. 

Color guard/marching band was my life for years, even past high school (my little sister was captain her senior year!). Definitely the best experience and the best friends ever. We called ourselves the band mafia, because if you messed with one of us, you messed with all of us. And though we were a small marching band (the smallest in our competing band association for the state), we were still bigger than the football team, the theater department, etc. And everybody liked the band kids. Man, I wish there was something similar for adults.
$C: I got choked up reading it. I’m so happy for you! 
$C: I got a high end trumpet after playing for years but i havent been able to in years because i live in an apartment complex now and it is just too loud. Someday i will pick it up again though...
$C: Thanks for that story. If you want your son to play someday, play in front of him while he is still your hero and then encourage that development.  All the best.
$C: This is such a heartwarming story, thank you for sharing!
$C: I will give personal, private guitar lessons/songwriting lessons over video chat for free to anyone who is trying to kick heroin. 

and/or

If you’re a kid who has no public music program, is home schooled, or struggles with depression. 

I’ve been playing since I was nine years old. My music is doing pretty well ;)

But here’s the deal: you have to be clean.

Edit: I would really appreciate if you guys could help me get this to the top. Not for karma, but for the people who need something good in their lives. I was given the gift of music. And it changed me for always.

I also have over ten years of childcare experience and tons of references. Nannying put me through school, and then paid my rent so I could practice 40 + hours a week with my band.
$C: This right here ☝️

I was a  band geek too, and wouldn't have had it any other way. My mom had me make a choice when I was a kid, and that was 'play football, or play trombone', and I chose the trombone. My instrument was an old Conn that my uncle gave me, and I played it until the finish was worn completely through. My mother couldn't afford either of those activities, so it wouldn't have mattered which one I chose, but something about music always drew me towards it. 

When my teacher (who was short on tuba players) asked me if I wanted to switch, I jumped at the chance, selfishly knowing that I would always be first chair, and would always get the better parts. I rushed home and told my mom, and she was pretty happy about the switch, but knew she couldn't ever afford to buy me a tuba to practice on her teachers salary. I had a tuba to play while I was at school, but as for home practice, I was s.o.l. I stayed after school a lot, in a practice room, making sure my technique was flawless, and that my tone was buttery smooth. Eventually, my teacher explained to my mother that I needed my own instrument, and that no matter what she said, he was going to help her get me one. She would have never asked for any assistance, and would have been too embarrassed to agree, but he insisted, and within a month, I had my own tuba. 

Band trips were always awesome, contests were a blast, and it really instilled in me the value of having a group in sync with  each  other, being led into battle with a director with the best ear I've ever seen. I played so much and practiced so hard that eventually I got to play with the city philharmonic, and was offered a scholarship to college.

I can say that band completely changed my life, and even though I rarely play anymore, it taught me music, which made learning to play guitar a lot easier, and helped me tune my ear to better recognize what was listening to. 

People like this one, I hope they receive the finest things life has to offer for as long as the live, because the things they do for other people are beyond spectacular, they're *life changing*. 



Edit: shout out to Mr. Benson, he will always be a hero of mine. 
$C: I think that trumpet must be cutting onions 
$C: Music is one of the most powerful forces on earth. Many people are alive today because it got them through bad times. I know how much it helped me and a few of my friends. The only way to repay music for all the good its done is to continue to make more music and pass it on to others.
$C: Band changed my life to man. The people in High School marching band were so damn good to eachother. 250 family members. All of my good close friends are from band.
$C:  Band teacher here. I love this thread. Saving many comments to share with my students.
$C: Well fuck, you didn't have to share your tears. 

I totally get it. You are 100% spot on. The trumpet could have been a garden, a bike or a dance. Like Iowa Bob said in Hotel New Hampshire, "you've got to get obsessed and stay obsessed."
$C: I played alto sax, wasn't very good at it.  Thought about dropping after my 7th grade year.

Then, we needed a Bari Sax player for our winter concert and my friend in the top band played Bari.  I was in the 2nd top band due to schedule when I really should've been in the 2nd lowest band.

I remember me being the ONLY one to jump up in excitement to play the Bari.  I remember my teacher, kind as she was, look over the ENTIRE band to see if anyone else wanted to play it.  Not a soul.

That year I was the most improved student in all of our bands.  In 8th grade, I was one of the top players we had in the school.

I had asked my band director to see if my bari could transfer over with me to the high school.  He had to go get it approved by a board or something.

The day I got the transfer I was SO happy!  I rushed to my dad's car to tell him.  He told me we were moving from Amarillo to Dallas.  Absolutely heartbroken.

I never did get a chance to march with a Bari Sax.  I left band in October of my sophomore year.  I got a lot of classes in that bamd would've take up otherwise so I'm grateful.  I was also on the sound team my freshman year which was a unique take.
$C: The funny thing is I clearly had no talent, but I feel like playing trumpet had a similar effect on me. The one lesson I learned above all others is that there is something cool about being able to do something that you think is cool, but not being the best at it.

It's a lesson that followed me through life, as I soon realized that you are rarely the best at anything you do.  There was someone who was always a better software designer, someone who knew some aspect of coding better, the someone who was better at certain aspects of project management.  Now there is always a director who's division is expanding faster than mine.  But you know what?  That's okay, because I bring my own unique attributes and I learned the importance of that through a damn trumpet in high school.  It taught me to be happy being me and not some unachievable vision of myself that no one ever lives up to. 
$C: Dude.... this sounds like my exact story, were even a similar age. Except mine was a clarinet. I played on a janky student one that my mom scrapped together but my teacher also said it wasn’t good enough for myself, I was playing 1st chair in 9th grade and section leader by 10th. We financed a Buffet B12. I plan to keep it for my kid and periodically break it out. Didn’t play music formally in college, but used my skills to learn the Bass and made a band with my roomies. It was tons of fun and we got to play at venues that i was previously watching my favorite local bands play at. I even incorporated the clarinet and flute into a song we wrote. 

Music sticks with you forever, do you ever get this nagging “why am I not playing every single day?” sorta feeling? It lingers with me...
$C: I love this, and I love your passion. I love you too, hope you're doing good for yourself.
$C: The real tear-jerker is in the comments :-)
$C: My dad gave me a fiddle and said "if you want to be good at something, you have to be obsessed with it". I joined my school's fiddle group, learned to read music and babysat to pay for lessons. Music and the friends and teachers I met along the way made for some of the best years of my life. Your story just brought all of that back, thanks!
$C: I love this so much. Fellow former band geek checking in. Section leader, marching band, wind ensemble, drum line, jazz band, the works. Some of the most formative years of my life, more so than college. 

Discipline, camaraderie, community, graceful winning and losing, challenging each other to be better, and the true meaning of friendship. There was nothing like it. I still have dreams about marching on the field at competitions. I didn't go to my 10 yr hs reunion, but I helped organize my 10 year band one!

I'm so glad to read your story because we didnt have a lot of money growing up either and my parents really sacrificed a lot to ensure I could go on the overnight competition trips, leadership camp, new dinkles, and pay the semester fee because it was that important to me. Still have all my music stuff and instrument tucked away and pull it out whenever I'm feeling nostalgic.
$C: Start saving for a new trumpet now- when your son gets it, the trumpet will be a 30 year old hand me down!
$C: Well, I can guess why your dad kept his trumpet for 30 years: perhaps he went through very much the same thing you did, his trumpet was one of the things that kept him going.  And that was why he was willing to spend 700 - 800 bucks on your trumpet, because he wanted you to also have that thing that would keep you going?  
  
It's the magic of the dad trumpet that keeps sons going until they become dads and the dads get trumpets for their sons!  
  
Remember to thank your dad!
$C: Dude, you speak the truth through powerful words. I could never replace the memories I had going through school being in band. Playing drums is still what I do when the kids are sleeping now (ekit) it keeps me happy, keeps my mind sharp, and helps balance the stress of everyday life. Every time I get behind my kit I get lost for sometimes hours in just playing and I always walk away from it happy, genuinely happy. I agree the gift of music to anyone can and will change their life. I honestly can not imagine my life now if I never picked up drumsticks in 5th grade. I am now 27 and play almost daily not because I have to, because I need music in my life. My life was changed because I made a small decision when I was a kid. It is amazing to see such kindness in the world for someone to allow to bestow that same gift to someone else. 
$C: I've never experienced anything else like running out onto the field for a home game. I miss being in the WVU band...
$C: I really envy you. When I was in 9th grade, I wanted to take up an instrument to learn more about music. My parents couldn't afford one, and my high school didn't have anymore loaners. My good friend at the time had learned trumpet in middle school but wasn't pursuing it in high school so I asked if I could use his. He said yes initially, and then when it came time to give it to me, he backed out and said no. When pressed about it, he just simply didn't want to give it to me. It wasn't because I was irresponsible or anything, but I think it being an expensive item, his parents wouldn't allow it or he didn't want to risk anything. I was really upset with him at first, but it didn't impact our friendship. 

Throughout life I tried a few times to pick up piano at a friend's house, teaching myself through youtube videos. I was so bad at it though that my friend's mom's said I wasn't allowed to play their piano anymore. Later, I bought a Casio keyboard from a Guitar Center, but then had to sell it to my roommate to afford rent one month during grad school. I got really good at playing ['To Zanarkand'](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AgCrwvHPw-M) before I sold it to him though.

I never did learn an instrument, how to read music, or otherwise how to play anything seriously. I still hope to one day learn though.
$C: Woah this is an amazing story man!

I'm in my University choir for two years now and it's like one of the only reasons no actually go to college daily. Practice is what I look forward to every day when I wake up and leave for college
$C: I had a really similar experience, but I was in 10th grade at the time. My brothers and sisters actually agreed to have a cheap Christmas so my parents could get me a nice trumpet.
$C: I'm with you 100 percent. I got a shitty little beginners clarinet in 6th grade and eventually upgraded to a nicer one, but band got me through high school, gave me any confidence I had back then, and a good run at college (although I later changed to an art major).  I'm finally moving to a house where I can practice without disturbing neighbors and I didn't think I'd ever be so excited to make my lip bleed. 
$C: Band geek for life here! I saved up all my hard-earned babysitting money for an open-holed flute and also continued to pay for weekly private lessons. 
$C: thank you for sharing this. 
$C: It’s very late at night but I’d like to know who’s cutting onions in my bedroom right now. 
$C: Yeah this made me cry. Same story as you, but with flute and piccolo. I miss it and know I should pick it back up...but, you know, life. It’s no excuse, but it is what it is. Band is what made my middle and high school experience. 
$C: Thank you for sharing this. I really enjoyed it. Very passionate and humble. 
$C: This is a wonderful story.  
But I can't be the only one who scrolled up halfway through to look if it was shittymorph. 
$C: I had a similar experience in high school with band. I'm in college now and in a non-traditional band that I love too. 
$C: > The trumpet, band, music in general changed my life, it made me a better person and it made me who I am today.

Makes me wonder if it too could have changed my life. Instead, I quit the Clarinet after 3 years because I was already horribly depressed after my house burning down and having to move to a new school several months later. My pinky always locked up anyway so not sure if I could have gotten that much better even if I kept with it.

Thanks for the story though. Good reminder to give my future children the opportunity to pick and play an instrument if they so wish.
$C: You moved me. Thank you
$C: This makes me sad, and now I wish for even more I had something to go to school for... Or even come home for
$C: Was that blue case a getzen brand trumpet?
$C: Similar story here - but I picked up my sax at 38 and am loving it ever since.
$C: That's one of the most uplifting things I've read on Reddit for a while. Thanks for sharing!

I'm sure you probably already have from time to time, but just in case I want to recommend you share that with your mom, too. I'm sure your parents would love to know that the sacrifice they made helped you that profoundly in your life.
$C: I learned to play guitar as an emotional outlet when my mother died.

I think I know exactly how you feel about music. The gift of being able to play music is like nothing else.
$C: Damn. Someone make a movie out of this. I would watch the shit out of it. 
$C: This is an excellent post. 
$C: My mother gave me her trumpet when I started taking band in 6th grade. I still have it in my closet almost 20 years later, even though I haven't played in probably 5 years. If your son ends up playing as well, he'll enjoy playing *your* trumpet and it'll be one more little connection between the two of you.

That said, you might find yourself in the same position as your parents in a few years and you'll be the one who has to go pickup a new trumpet. Hopefully you'll be lucky enough to see the cycle continue.
$C: That's the power of youth activities people, don't underestimate any of em
$C: > There is no rush like running onto a field with 30k people screaming in the stands

30k or 300, everyone should feel that feeling at some point. One of my fondest memories is from a color guard competition in 1999. Our team was so good that year that even though half the people on our team were assholes to everyone else our competition still stood and cheered for us. Gives me chills just thinking about the last time we took the floor that year.
$C: “Choked up” I straight up bawling!
$C: Ironically, if your son does decide to follow in your footsteps, you may find yourself having his teacher tell you that your trumpet is holding him back.
$C: Beautiful.  Thanks for sharing that.  My two boys are about to start HS in the fall. Both read a little music and play instruments.  After what you wrote I will strongly encourage them to join band.
$C: crying_in_the_club.mp3
$C: I used to play the trombone, but my college didn't have a band. I could have sold it, but I'm graduating this year and it still sits under my bed for when I'm ready to pick it up again.
$C: I'm studying music education in hopes of being a band director someday soon. Thank you for this comment, this is exactly why I chose this profession.
$C: My dad bought me a silver flute and lied to me to get it back and then sold it to buy drugs. He is still a glob of never-emptied-old-heat-of-summer-spit-goop-from-your-dad's-old-trumpet. 

Do you still have his trumpet though?
$C: Man, I mean shit this was so good that I want to cry my hear out
$C: Dork!!!  Nah, just kidding. 
$C: Amen! Learning music has taught me so much more than music.
$C: Shit that made me cry.  Music is the most powerful language.
$C: This is a really nice story, thank you for sharing it. Music really is wonderful. 
$C: Learning music very easily shows the correlation between hard work and reward, because brains are much better at learning actions than rote learning.
$C: Wow. Props to your parents for making that possible!
$C: I was in band from 5th grade though graduation, I never took music seriously and consequently wasn't very good, but I experienced many of the same things you did. It was truly life changing.
$C: https://youtu.be/0dcbw4IEY5w thank you 😀
$C: My buddy from high school played seriously while i just messed around with the trumpet.   He's now a world renowned  trumpeter. Plays with all the greats, has his own band changed his life.  Music is powerful thanks for sharing your story and prompting others to share theirs.
$C: That's just a really nice post. I like you.
$C: I stayed in band, but I fucking hated it tbh. I played tenor and no matter how much I practiced I could never go lower than a D, or make any good friends there.
$C: My grandparents were so immensely proud when I joined band, that they bought me my first flute. It was from a flea market, old as hell, and the finish had speckles all over it from being used so much. Then I went on to learn clarinet and my mom bought me a used one. From there, I continued to learn more because my school loaned out instruments. That was a huge blessing for me. In middle school I was in the wrong crowd, and had been suspended from school. When I got back, my director pulled me aside and told me I couldn't be in band if I continued down that path. It scared the shit out of 13 year old me and I left that crowd. Band pushed me through my hardest days. It helped me when I moved schools, all of my friends were in band with me. I'm so thankful for band every single day of my life. It is the only thing I miss from high school. Every time I see a marching band I desperately want to go back just for that.
$C: The only thing I have in common w you is that I’m also 33. Rn I’m feeling very proud about it. 
$C: I marched in high school and college as well. I now have a 16 year old son who is following in my foot steps. It’s amazing to watch him. He is so incredibly talented (much more than I ever was), and I love fueling his talent and excitement for music. Hopefully your son will enjoy band as well, because there is something so awesome about watching your child have a similar childhood experience as you. 

And I choked up reading your story as well. Couldn’t have said it better myself. 
$C: I'm at school right now and this is making me tear up. I aim to someday find that anchor. Soon, hopefully, seeing as I'm about to be a senior and as a junior I have almost have all F's. 
$C: And this, folks, is the power of music. It does SO MUCH!
$C: Geez. Now I'm choked up too. Thanks for the story.
$C: Start saving now for the moment when your child's music tutor tells you her/his fathers/mothers 30 year old trumpet is holding them back - complete the circle.

I'm glad your music changed your life.

Edit: Op is a mother! Grats! 
$C: Find yourself a local community band and keep playing.  Music is a beautiful thing that can be enjoyed and participated in your whole life.
$C: That's amazing.

My relationship with my trumpet is nowhere near as special.

I'm a sports type of guy...playing music never really got my socks off and gripped me, I'm glad it was so helpful for you.

I still remember, a classmate was crying next to me when his reed broke on his sax, and he hadn't a spare during the prizegiving ceremony at the end of the year. I was like dude, here's my trumpet...but ofc he couldn't play it so he didn't take it.

It didn't help that the trumpets part was always like grade 5 or 6 or 7, whereas the other instruments were around grade 3...so it wasn't like i could play that level either...
$C: Gosh. I’m a music ed major and it’s tough right now, and I really needed to hear this. I got training in the military that could let me live pretty comfortably, but this is why I’m going down this path instead. I’m so glad Music was such a powerful force in your life.  
  
A lot of people think music teachers intend for their students to pursue music for a lifetime. We don’t. We intend for students to appreciate music for a lifetime. 
$C: My parents are band directors. Your story brought tears to my eyes. Isn’t music the greatest?
$C: I'm a middle school band director. Your story is definitely going to keep me going for a while. Thank you for sharing :-)
$C: But how was band camp?
$C: Cool post. Trumpet player here too. One of my favorite classes too. Loved playing my horn. My son played too, and played my old Benge that I bought back in school. It sits now, mostly unplayed, but the memories remain. Thanks for sharing. 
$C: This is true for any major school activity like sports and theater 
$C: Damn ninjas cutting onions!
$C: I would love to hear you play. I hope you practice sometimes. 
$C: same
$C: My story went the opposite. I started playing my mom's flute in 6th grade. I was *good* at it. I loved it. Skipped a year of band in 7th because I could only take one elective that year and I forget what I chose instead. Signed up for band and percussion for 8th grade. Aaaaaaaand that's when my brain short circuited somewhere and I developed (what wouldn't be diagnosed until 8 years later) major depressive disorder. It stole everything from me. My love of reading, games, and worst of all my music. I couldn't make myself care. I spent most of that year in a fog and don't have as many memories of if as I do 7th or 9th. I wish I continued playing. I wish I could have made myself practice. Once in a while I'll pick it up again, but it's pretty old now and always half a note off key 
$C: Last night the DJ saved my life.
$C: I started viola in 4th grade. I remember it took me out of a borderline abusive classroom situation and gave me something to focus on. I still had to sit next to the other girls who hurt me, but it didn’t matter when we were making music.

I got my own viola in middle school. At the time, my mom was single, out of a job, and I was the type to run to the bathroom when we walked up to a register so I wouldn’t have to hear how much something cost. My arms were so long I could hardly play the school rental without pain and she just wanted me to do something I felt comfortable with.

Thinking back I realize she must have made two trips—one to buy, one to pick up. She didn’t want me to be uncomfortable about something I loved so much. Music transcends the awkwardness and pain of adolescence, especially for those of us who didn’t fit well elsewhere. But music instruments (band and orchestra alike) are expensive, and music programs are dying in many public schools.

Support your local public school music programs and the people who run them. They are doing a low-pay, often thankless job for kids who desperately need any sort of outlet, any sort of place that it is okay to be them, and music gives that to them. 
$C: Oh god find a ska band or jazz ensamble and play with them. PLEASE!!!
$C: I have an early onset dementia resident who is in her early 50s. She has lost most of her language, aside from "yeah", "no", "cake", "you're the best". She still understands a good bit of what is said. 

We have a piano that our residents are allowed to use. She plays by ear and muscle memory. Playing that piano is not only her purpose, but it's also her voice. When she is really happy, she'll play "16 going on 17" from the Sound of Music. Angry is something that reminds me of grunge, but I can't quite place. Lonely sounds like Richard Marx or Phil Collins. 

I don't play piano, but sometimes I will pull up a song on YouTube where the keys light up and play with her. Sometimes she will get very weepy out of the blue, and I think part of her is realizing what she has lost. When she plays the piano and sees the other residents smiling and beginning to hum/sing along, it helps her remember that she is worthwhile.

I took her to my daughter's high school concert band rehearsal and when they played their Phantom of the Opera medley, her hands were playing along. The band director (her age) knew we were going to be there and had arranged a small group to accompany her while she played "16 going 17" before the rehearsal started. It was really cool and I have never seen her so happy and confident.
$C: > There is no rush like running onto a field with 30k people screaming in the stands

Try the largest football stadium in the world and 110k+ people. That experience is unreal.

I had similar experiences (though I'm lucky enough my parents had no difficulty in being able to fund my band activities). There's no decision I'm glad I made more than deciding to join marching band my sophomore year of high school.
$C: We use them as well, hello cfl neighbor :p
$C: Casselberry here also! Good ole Lyman High.
$C: Maitland reporting, Allegro always! Still have one of my rent to own horns from them.
$C: Greetings from Debary, neighbors 
$C: Semoran Blvd neighbor here! Never been to this music store but I enjoy internet neighbors. 

Go Knights!
$C: Yea but did you pay for it 
$C: Can Longwood count?! I got my Clarinet from there! 
$C: I have never seen this many people from Casselberry in one place, haha. I'm from there too. Go Mighty Pandas! 
$C: Did their website url change? Allegromusiccentre.com 404s now, but allegromusiccenter.com seems to be in Miami Florida. Different place?
$C: Not professionally haha, I still practice with it occasionally as a hobby
$C: Did anyone else hear Paulie Walnuts saying this?

$C: I mean his last name IS Ruffin....
$C: Hobbies don’t last forever
$C: He's on reddit, take a guess.
$C: Not to mention he may not have his mom anymore after seeing some of the charges.
$C: Yeah you're right trumpets are expensive. The most common professional trumpet is a Bach Stradivarius, which can range from 1.5k to well over 4k (£).

$C: “OP didn’t become Miles Davis, generosity wasted.”
$C: It was also an act of kindness towards his mother. He was only a child. She may have payed it forward — or back, tenfold. Let him enjoy his trumpet, this memory of kindness, and his mother’s perseverance.
$C: Just FYI, student trumpets go from $100~$200, intermediate trumpets up to $500, and one of the common professional trumpets that even I use is a Bach Stradivarius and the one I have is around $3500. 
$C: > giving me context I needed before I judged him

First i completely agree with you but this is the main problem though. 

I fucking hate this on the internet, so many judgmental people acting like they know better on other people's lives all because they read a couple of paragraphs.

Stop being such cunts. No one's obliged to do good acts in life. That's why letters like these are so appreciated. OP can donate or not it's his prerogative and we don't have anything to do with his decisions. 

Look at your own selves instead of strangers in the internet when you demand good actions from others like you are entitled or somehow have the authority (moral or otherwise) to judge others.

This is not a attack on you wiseMagpie, just a rant.
$C: If people are actually telling him to buy a trumpet and gift it to random people, they’re fucking stupid. Some people have rent and bills to pay and no support from their parents. If you can afford to do that, why don’t you do it? 
$C: Not to mention that there was no stipulation that he become a professional trumpet player. Thousands if not millions of musical students through the years, very few take it to a professional level. I took auto shop classes in high school because I wanted to learn how to work on cars on my own, not make a career out of it. 

He fulfilled his obligation by staying with it. I'm sure in time he'll find a way to pay it forward if he so desires. 
$C: Yeah, and the "old letter" dated 2009 also suggest he's not that old 
$C: Amen !!! 
$C: Gather information and stop to think about the situation before turning to pitchforks?

We're on reddit man.... reddit.
$C: OP is 21 and the letter is from 19 years ago??... Mmmmmmmm 
$C: And this is the type of inspiration and encouragement this world needs and posts like this should invoke! Great perception man, do it! 👍🏼
$C: Reading this thread has made me realise you may change multiple lives quite significantly with what you have done. Just great!
$C: 🎺
$C: I have a 400$ violin I don’t play sitting in my breezeway. :/
$C: You're an awesome person
$C: I'd keep one around in case you get the urge to play.  Nothing like a musician who's taken a break from the instrument suddenly wanting to play (it happens) and not having an instrument to play.  
$C: That’s very generous of you.
$C: Inspiring!
$C: My first saxophone teacher has incurable cancer and he gave me an Alto just because I asked for a legacy from him. He still has a basement full of instruments that he's collected over 50 years though so I wonder what will happen to the rest of them.
$C: President trumpet
$C: It probably searches the title for “trump”, so since “trumpet” contains “trump”, that’s what triggered it. Probably works 99.9% of the time and just catches the occasional musical instrument or card game.
$C: Same reason that person got "summa cum laude" censored with the word "cum" on their cake for their son who graduated with honors. Beuarocracy is a bitch. And a bitch I can't spell and never can.
$C: I heard Mr Skeltal is making a run for 2020

Make America doot doot again. 
$C: Well, he is a horny, loud brass hole...
$C: Trumpet loan forgiver for President!
$C: I think it's the extreme left view on economics
$C: Trumplets attacking 
$C: It’s a bit of a reach but people wouldn’t have to struggle purchasing something as small as an instrument if it weren’t for capitalism. 
$C: Swing state
$C: This comment is garbage. Nice to know you aren't trying to support a musician that has a passion for something they love.
$C: Ty for being an awesome human. Band saved my son this year and I’m hoping for many more years of that silly giant tuba!! 
$C: I wanted to play saxophone, but the drum pad was much cheaper, so I played drums.  I wasn't great, and I didn't really take music very seriously.  With that being said, I was a troubled kid who hated school and was constantly in trouble.  My band teacher loved me, she was one of only 2 adults in my life who treated me like a person rather than a burden.  I credit my time in band, and my relationship with my band director with a large part of turning my Iife around and guiding me towards adulthood.
$C: This should be the top comment.
$C: I hate that you're having to turn kids away. The Mr Holland's Opus Foundation accepts used instruments and places them with children and/or schools in need. This can be absolutely life changing for students, their families, and can have a major impact on the donors as well. They may be able to help your school, too.

Here is their website -

https://www.mhopus.org

If anyone out there has an instrument that's not getting played, please consider donating it to this wonderful foundation. Your gift may change a child's life.

Here is a short film about a Holocaust survivor that donated his violin through a local instrument drive put on by the Mr Holland's Opus Foundation and a local radio station. I suggest having tissues nearby.


Joe's Violin - https://youtu.be/8D5h_Y8N4tg


$C: Hey maybe I’m being dumb or something but by band director do you mean conductor? Or like, organiser? 
$C: Thank You! As a band mom who volunteers in concessions to help raise money for a program that is incredibly underfunded I have to thank you for trying. 
$C: I was given my own instrument when a woman donated her old cello. It meant so much to me. Scholarships made it possible for me to expand my musical knowledge by going to music camps and the local youth symphony. There is a huge economic disparity in music, and kind people who are generous help close that gap.  
  
If anyone is curious to how they can help even if they don’t have an instrument, you can donate to local community music programs. Go to school music concerts and donate your money or time. See if there are any El Sistema related programs in your area, as they target disadvantaged youth and do really amazing things. Order from Amazon Smile (costs nothing extra) and set it up to donate to a local music program.   
  

$C: Can confirm... I really wanted to take band back in school and got turned away
$C: I'm a broke dude,so I can't afford to give anyone a guitar (one day I'll do that tho,that would be a cool feeling),but whenever anyone says they wanna play guitar I like to show them the simple two string ramones chord and show them you can write cool riffs with that thing...it's really satisfying to watch and way more useful than smoke on the water!
$C: I live in a 1000 square foot house and have a pretty strict "one in/one out" policy for everything. Get a new pair of shoes? Give a pair to Goodwill. Same thing for guitars. It's gotten to the point that one of the pleasures of buying a new instrument (and partial justification for it) is the anticipation of giving one away.
$C: That's an amazing mom!
$C: Reminds me of a friend of mine when we were comparing childhoods and discovered that we were both brought up in very poor households.  The big difference was that she didn't know they were poor and I did... 
$C: Beautiful
$C: I love these stories of how wonderful Human’s are. Made me tear up. Bless your mom and you. Thank you for sharing. 
$C: Give your mom a call/hug for me.
$C: It's never too late on the music thing
$C: I took a music class in grade school ~5th grade. I had a flute, but I was sick the first few days of school. When I got back, the teacher's response to me being late was to tell me, "I have a lot of kids to take care of, I can't lag behind just for you." and instructed the other kids to help me along.

The other kids, busy with their own practice, had no intention of helping me.

I couldn't even make sound on it for a week or more until, in the middle of one class, she asked me to play a piece in the book and I couldn't do it because I couldn't get the flute to make sound. She finally broke down and taught me how to blow on it.

I played with that flute a lot at home every night, but always seemed to be lagging behind. I didn't take music next year. I don't even remember how to read music, much less how to play. And I certainly can't afford an instrument now.

Enjoy your clarinet a little extra for me, would you?
$C: > never put down the instrument it's a good way for expressing feelings

But... I played the tuba...
$C: I put down my instrument after high school. Still regret it to this day. It's been over 15 years now.
$C: To be fair/realistic, going to college for music wouldn’t have necessarily been a better life choice. 
$C: But you DO gotta put down the duckie if you wanna play the saxophone.
$C: > I practiced clarinet fir 6 to 8 hours a day every day

I have been pine-ing to have that much time to practice
$C: You dodged a bullet not getting a music degree.
$C: what happened to your going to college plan?
$C: Life does suck at times...I was looking to be a music major, met the instructor I was learning when I was 12 years old my older brother took college courses with him as well when he was 18 and I so happen to tag a long one time. Fast forward to me being 18 and taking as many courses I could with this instructor because I didn’t enjoy any other school subjects in college. It was a few days before my 21st birthday, and I was speaking to the professor I told him I was planning on going out and celebrating like anyone turning 21. His last words to me in a laughing manner “that means I’ll never see you again now.” We both laughed and that was the last time we spoke he had a massive heart attack and passed away 2 days before my 21st birthday.
 
But agreed never put down the instrument he always yelled at me in his heavy Russian accent “ you gotta be loud and proud!” 
$C: I wanted to play the clarinet in school, to which my dad would always say,

“Clarinet? More like geek-inet!!”

As such, I play the flute, which is not really much better. 
$C: You should check out Andy Shauf. He's a great musician and includes a mix of clarinet and guitar in most of his songs.
$C: If you want a low-commitment band to play in, try and find a local municipal/community band. Usually they take anyone who wants to play, rehearse a couple hours once a week (or less), aren’t strict about rehearsal attendance, play fairly easy music. You have all playing levels there. It’s a great way to play your instrument with others but not have the pressure to go along with it.
$C: 6-8 hours a day? 

How? 
$C: Go. Back. To. School. Do it. 
$C: His mom was involved in a triple shooting ▪ 1 died 2 survived. 
$C: At the same time, OP should condemn his mom for being an accessory after the fact in a murder of a 19-year old during a home invasion: http://www.sun-sentinel.com/73783824-157.html
$C: Man that's awful.
$C: It's bad enough being poor but being shamed for it...
$C: God, I wish I could have been there and offered to pay the rental. I’m so so sorry. Hope you can overcome this hurt. That’s a hard one to recover from. I was terribly shy and can only imagine. My heart goes out to you. 
$C: I used their "contact us" link to send them a letter telling them I saw this post, and that it was a really amazing thing to have done for someone.  I know its stupid, but I found this particularly touching for some reason.
$C: I don’t think that’s the right one, the address for that one doesn’t match OP’s letter. 

This one does, as well as, the owners information : 

[http://www.allegromusiccentre.com/new/](http://www.allegromusiccentre.com/new/) 

Website looks a little dated, but looks like they are still open. 

$C: They are still around, I drive by it every weekday!
$C: I feel a Reddit hug coming on
$C: Holy crap I lived in winter park and passed this place every day. It’s in a crappy strip mall. Good for them!
$C: My trumpet came from what seems like an entirely different Allegro Music in California. I had forgotten about that store
$C: I hope he comes on here and tells us all about OP's mom. 
$C: Lots of Allegro's but not many Tekethia Ruffins...

Google is not always your friend.
$C: They updated their Facebook page recently to mention it and thank people for their support.
$C: They're in Casselberry, right around the corner from me. In a sad strip mall next to a decent wing place and at the other end from the fondue place.

One of those "I can't believe they're still alive" places. But maybe it's because of things like this... 
$C: Wow. I can't believe a business that was around 8 and a half years ago is still around today. What a time to be alive!
$C: We killed their website 

>Bandwidth Limit Exceeded

>The server is temporarily unable to service your request due to the site owner reaching his/her bandwidth limit. Please try again later.
Apache Server at www.allegromusiccentre.com Port 80
$C: Thanks for the advertisement, Allegro PR.
$C: Username checks out. a writer who's prejudices semi-constantly project  _____________(backhanded compliments ? just rudeness ?) Outward.....this post shows the OP as less than perfect. All  * real *  gifts are given without expectations. The original letter is perfect, the original pay it forward. Welcome to another world view, where we aren't attached to what you will pay back or "if our business will succeed". 
Check yourself, you need it. Yes, seriously. 
YOU ARE MISSING OUT ON THE BEST WAYS OF BEING ALIVE (period). You are more valuable and have higher worth than this, as we all do. You must get with the program, or at least respect it, or you fester in the mire. 
$C: Their Korean brisket duck fat tots are off the hook.
$C: Or something you'd search for on Urban Dictionary. 
$C: Jaques Ruffins sounds like he was born to play the Trumpet in New Orleans.......All aboard!! 

Kermit Ruffins is the Shit. Check out , “Its later than you think” or “Skokiaan”!
$C: JonTron's next album right there
$C: Or what happens when you drink water down river from a  village   while Traveling in a third world country. 
$C: From the ghetto to larghetto
$C: Wow. That is amazing. This is why I want to teach music. I really hope you can pay it forward, even in small ways. 
$C: I remember going to wendys hungry as hell while I was in college. My card was declined and I was pretty embarrassed. I was in the drive through and I apologized to the man at the window who looked to be the manager. I handed back the bag and the man said, no its okay, don't worry about it. This one's on us. I told him I didn't want to take advantage of them and tried to hand it back. But he insisted and told me to enjoy the rest of my day. I fucking cried as I ate the best damn burger of my life. 
$C: May they'd post it on twitter or reddit to make us swoon for them.
$C: So true.

A person can have good intentions. People less so. The more people and the more money involved, intentions are squashed.

Small business needs to be protected.

Large corporations seem like a good idea if money is the only important thing.
$C: I do have a little hard time with this. I work at a huge corporation, and we get to do lots of community things. We've helped food banks multiple times and I helped supply a vigil at a local school with candles last minute recently. Whenever stuff is posted on reddit it comes down to "these corporations are just doing it for PR", and that may be true at a really high level, but the volunteers at these events are real people with real hearts trying to do good things, and the corporation encourages it.
$C: I think you'd be surprised. A lot of good corporations have budgets specifically for giving free shit to people. I play in a band and had an old drum head that broke on my bass drum. I messaged my favorite drumhead company on facebook (and they're arguably the biggest or second biggest drum head company in the world) asking for a recommendation on a durable drum head that suits the genre I play, and not only did they give me a great recommendation but they packed one up and shipped it to me free of charge with some additional goodies. You wouldn't believe how many brands do this when you reach out to them, though to be fair they aren't likely doing it in the spirit of empathy and more so doing it for the sake of creating a good reputation for themselves.
$C: True, but sommeeeetimes.  Amazon let me keep my second violin after they shipped me two (The first one was declared damaged in shipment and they sent me a new one, but I got the damaged one anyway and it wasn't even damaged)
$C: absolutely - look into decentralisation, it might be how we get "this" and "that".
$C: I wanted to make this same point, but you beat me to it.  We let national chains take over every corner of retail to get better prices, but this is what we have lost.
$C: I work at a multi billion dollar, multi national corporation and this is something we would do if the person really needed our help.
$C: I'm old. I grew up in a town where people took care of each other. The guy who owned the diner understood that the guy who drove the snow plow only got paid when he plowed, and a "nice winter" for most of us meant the guy with the snow plow was short on cash. So maybe the guy who owned the diner would tell the guy who drove the snow plow "don't worry about it" when he came in to eat. And then maybe when the guy who drove the snow plow was flush with cash, he'd be sure to bring his family for a big meal at the diner, and tip the waitress well.

I don't live there anymore but I've visited and it's not the same now. The building that was the diner is now a Walgreen's. I don't get the sense that people know each other well enough to know who drives a snow plow and who's short on money. People used to get together at a couple spots like the bowling alley and the skating rink but those are closed now. It's not the place I grew up in anymore.
$C: Agreed!! What always gets me is that people spend so much time whining about independent businesses going bust, instead of going out and actually supporting them. So frustrating. Buy local. Buy independent.
$C: It’s not about the company and corporation. It’s about the manager working the store. Corporations don’t really care what you give out and do as long as it’s with good intentions and just not just because or sketchy reasons 
$C: You’re right. I could never imagine Amazon doing this. 

Note to self:  Spend more locally. 
$C: Hi, don't worry about the payment on the house. You do not have to give me anymore on it, I've been through hard times but remember hard times don't last, hard people do.

Just do me a favour, when you're done living pass it on to someone who is in need of a roof.

Sincerely yours.

Your Bank.

Could you imagine. 
$C: How do you remember your user name without a password manger?
$C: I just wrote this to them via their contact form:

Dear Mr. Jones

I have just read your beautiful letter to Mrs Ruffin from 2009 where you gave her a trumpet that she could not afford to pay rent on.

It is causing quite the stir on the internet (a site called reddit.com).

I just wanted to say that the world would be a better place if it was filled with James W Jones'. You seem to be a really special person and I hope that you continue to be this special even in adversity.

Thank you for showing that the human race can be beautiful.

I am from the United Kingdom and wanted to reach out across the water to show my gratitude to such a great person.




$C: For some Medical debts in the U.S. there are Non-for-Profit groups that purchase the debt in bulk from Hospitals, etc. Then totally eliminate that debt for people thats debts were purchased! 

They work on donations and if I remember correctly were NOT affiliated with any religous group as leadership. I cant remember where I first viewed it. Im on mobile so I will try to edit and add link to later.(or maybe someone can add it that knows the correct name- source)😄 and other groups that operate this way!

Edit: link.https://www.ripmedicaldebt.org/

Thats just one I found.... So there is some hope for the future.
$C: Going to jail isn't my idea of a happy ending: 
http://www.orlandosentinel.com/news/breaking-news/73783824-157.html
$C: TL;DR: somebody got a happy ending, so to speak 
$C: Hey man, that's awful.  I'm so sorry to hear that.
$C: I am so terrible sorry. ❤️
$C: Condolences, friend. 
$C: Are you doing ok, even if you might not have been the friends, or the closest of people losing someone can affect you more than you realize.

Source: Was caught amd saved during accidental suicide(I didn't mean to put myself in harms way), and when it was leaked, more people reacted than I expected.(although the rumor was that it was intentional, even though it wasn't)
$C: :( hugs
$C: Hope you're alright through all this <3
$C: i know it's hard to cope now, but remember that because he left such an influence on you, you're going to carry him with you for the rest of your life. it's awful that this happens but by carrying on you are honoring him and making good on the investment that he made in you. it doesn't feel fair to say that it gets easier but... it does, and while it's an awful terrible shame that your friend isn't going to be able to share the good times ahead of you with you, if you always carry him in your heart you're doing right by his memory.

sorry to kind of dump that on you unsolicited, i just want you to know from someone who's been there that things get better and you aren't neccisarily leaving him behind if any of that makes sense
$C: If you need an anonymous ear please let me know I am willing to read loong messages and I can council you on friends who decide to take their life 
$C: I am so sorry. Loss of someone who gave you the gift of playing must be hard. It’s not irrelevant and neither are you. Hugs. 
$C: I’m really sorry about your friend. Big hugs to you. 
$C: I'm so sorry for your loss. I hope you have folks around you who knew him, too - spending time with these folks and grieving together is one thing that has helped me when friends (or honestly, friends of friends) have died. Even people who didn't know him can listen to you talk about him and share the grief. Even sharing on Reddit can help. And a therapist can help put some of your feelings into context, if you're open to that.

As another poster said, it's completely normal to be very affected by a death even if you're not close to the person. That's extra true for suicides, since they can bring up lots of other experiences for folks. So if you were close (which it sounds like you were), know that some folks you wouldn't expect might also be grieving alongside you, and you can all benefit from grieving together and talking about the person. And if you weren't close, whatever you're feeling is normal. 

I've also learned from a couple of deaths in my friend group that it's ok to take plenty of time and space to grieve. One time, I didn't communicate well enough to my boss and was just really unproductive for a while at work when I should have taken time off. The second time, she pushed me to take a little time off and it helped a lot in that first week. My work is very demanding, but few things are so urgent that they can't be out aside for grieving, once you explain. (For example, if you're a student, give your professors a heads up that you're having a hard time!) I didn't even know the person well, but the situation was very bad and I was supporting a close friend who was devastated by the loss - so what I'm saying is, don't underestimate your need to grieve, regardless of how well you know the person. 

Again, I'm so sorry for what you're going through. 
$C: I'm very sorry about your friend. *VirtualHug*
$C:  Na, it was just so damn wholesome without any pretentious attitude attached to it. I hope op lives up to this person's expectation. 
$C: Samesies.
$C: Eyeleaks here too
$C: that means I'm just a baby too
$C: The whole thread is amazing! Reading all the good things people have received or been able to help with has made my day.
$C: [removed]
$C: Jesus. That sucks.


(I guess that is all I really have to say. It just really brought me down.)
$C: "Come to the Dark Side"- James E. Jones. Aka D.Vader.
$C: Just do it irrespective. Do it today. Don't wait for opportunities.
$C: Canadian/Brit here. I thought Americans spelled centre "center". Is it sometimes spelled "centre" in the states as well?
$C: And telling him how he should be paying it forward.
$C: Reddit: The place where a child murderapist will be defended and wholesome people will be attacked.
$C: User..name..checks out? 
$C: reddit somehow finds a way of ruining every sweet reddit story
$C: Just read a narrative describing the murder and OP's name is there as well. It happened in 2012 so he was just a kid probsbly but I imagine it must have been tough.
$C: Why tf can you google a person's name and read her fucking arrest of suspicion.

Even here in Turkey only initials are released before conviction. After that, only some of the crimes get you the 'shame' punishment and only then you see your name on the frontpageheadlines of newspapers.
$C: Looking through OP's history, [I'm not sure his mother is going for "mom of the year" anytime soon.](https://www.reddit.com/r/askgaybros/comments/7zm5s7/mom_found_out_im_gay_ill_always_love_you_but/dup7e7z/)
$C: :(
$C: Oh man....
$C: Horror doth unfold today.
$C: not American...are the locations in the news story and this shop close by?

$C: Christ, I know quite a bit on something stuff that happens in Florida now
$C: the number of times I've asked myself that same question, before I spent the $10.00 I just earned on beef and cheddar's 
$C: Because it isn’t a Wendy’s. 
$C: Because you make poor fast food choices.
$C: "O.p. is tooting the guys horn!" Even years later.....lol. Id say the O.P. appreciated it and still does. Thank You O.P. you passed me on a new mental phrase to use! Tough life, Tough people.


Its far better then living in 'desperate times, desperate measures', mindset!
(Band puns2)
$C: I just recently became a dad and the change in perspective for the number of sacrifices parent(s) made is insane. It is hard to realize just how much they care about you when you are in it, but as time goes on you are able to see. I’m glad you were able to pay it forward and I hope you are able to tell your mom the realization you came to as well. I bet it would mean a lot to her.
$C: Well done. A lot of people wouldn't have bothered. Great that you did.
$C: Dad?
$C: Nope, it did not end on a good note. OP's mom was arrrested for being an accessory after the fact in a murder of a 19-year old during a home invasion: http://www.sun-sentinel.com/73783824-157.html

$C: Hi,  my sons school uses this business for rentals and I have to say they’re absolutely wonderful humans. My sons mouthpiece for his rental was stolen and  they sold us a new one at a heavily discounted price because they know I’m a teacher barely making it many days. They do so much and are always helpful and smiling. You’re a kind hearted person, this is a beautiful idea and so many kids would benefit because our schools have almost zero budget. Every instrument is so banged up and old it’s sad to see the kids struggle to make beautiful sounds with things in such bad shape. The rental fees, even through the school is roughly $200-$300 each year and many parents just can’t do it so a lot of kids miss out. It breaks my heart to see kids not be able to follow a passion because of things beyond their control. 
$C: http://www.allegromusiccentre.com/new/index.php/about-allegro
$C: What crap does reddit spend money on besides the redesign?
$C: The info for the music shop is at the top of the letter....
$C: Nice thought but they are a successful company in business for 50 + years... they don't need charity. I'm sure they'd say donate to some actual charity. I'm sure there are some that help buy instruments for poor kids. 
$C: For real though, how does humans doing good things for each other qualify as "US Politics"?

Seriously though, we should all try to do more shit like this for each other.  If the last time any of you did something selfless for someone without asking for anything in return was more than a couple of weeks... You should figure out a way to do more. 
$C: I hate to make it political but as a progressive this is exactly the mentality I subscribe to/I hope my party subscribes to. Helping our fellow man, regardless of sex/race/class. 

I make no claim to what your political affiliation may be, whether it’s republican or dem, this kind of thing should be exactly the type of behavior we all should strive to live up to. 
$C: No it isn't wholesome at all. This is a goddamn ad.
$C: Thanks for saving it.
$C: Hope the bad times are in the past and things are better for you now.
$C: "Drum...haha. Band humor."
$C: No, they just practice it on occasion as a hobby but won't pay it forward or pay it off...
$C: Nearly a decade has passed since that letter. The 18-24 year old's reading this post probably have much more in common with OP than his 2009 version of himself.
$C: Shit
$C: well i mean its almost 10 years
$C: Well it's not new. 
$C: doot doot doot
$C: Whoa dang, you were making your own reeds that young?!  That's awesome!
$C: r/getmotivated 
$C: Are you not in the USA?  You can't just write a letter to get out of child support...
$C: That made me tear up and feel all warm and fuzzy at the same time. I truly hope life gets easier for her. I’ve been a single mom and as tough as it  was, the memories of the years my son and I spent one on one are so precious. She’ll find strength she never knew she had. 
$C: Same here, went to this music store when I played Saxophone. Cant believe Casselberry made front page hahah
$C: This is a good thread to be handing out drunk upvotes in. Lots of kindness and support going around. 
$C: 100 points!
$C: I'm not sure where I was expecting that to end up.
$C: Same boat. I played Bari Sax in HS. A new one is $3600. Can’t afford. 
$C: My husband still holds a grudge on his mother and step father. He wanted to be in band so badly, and finally convinced them to let him rent an instrument. 

It lasted for about a month before he was getting guilted about it - “but we can’t afford to go to the movies because of husband’s trombone, sorry siblings.” Or constant nagging about the bills. And then, when he took extra classes for it (he was a year or two behind since he didn’t start in the summer to 6th grade like the rest of us, he started mid 7th) and stuff, they would say shit like “well if you just practiced more that money wouldn’t go to waste.” So, because his mom harped on the cost so much (and no one wants to hear you practicing trombone in your bedroom, let’s be real, it’s loud as fuck), he told her ya I guess I’m not into it, despite his interest. 

She still brings it up as a case of how he gives up on everything. He’s 35 and this shit still gets brought up, even though he’s really successful despite it all (they did the same thing with him going to college - my mother basically paid for his room and board to live with us and paid for his first half of classes done at a community college. Because she believed in him. His mother loves to bring up every time he’s quit something, though. Holidays are fun.) Then complains that he never talks to her. 
$C: Thanks for posting this. I wanted to chime in about local high schools but figured it’d get lost.

I have a kid in high school band/marching band and it’s a spendy activity. The kids work hard to raise funds but a good portion comes down to the parents. The price tag is kinda scary so there are families who don’t put their kid in band after their first meeting because they just can’t afford it. Understandable but a bummer. 

Donations to HS band programs cut down fair share fees (the biggest help).  Sometimes we need donations for auctions or donated cans for recycling $. We’re always  in need of instruments and various items. Many bands have their own websites with more information!

Music programs are amazing for kids and everyone who wants to participate should have the opportunity.
$C: What's with the quotation marks though? 

It may very well be his mother, if that's her she would have been about 32 when this letter was sent, OP was assumably a young student so she could have had him at 18 and him been a Freshman in High School.
$C: I found the same thing. As curious people do, I searched her name and found that a person named Tekethia Ruffin had been arrested in relation to a homicide in Orlando. Casselberry is in Orlando.
$C: oh man
$C: Damn it’s just a trumpet
$C: >Was your "mom" [an accessory to murder?](http://westorlandonews.com/woman-arrested-in-connection-with-ocoee-teen-murder/)

Definitely looks like it :/
$C: I also googled the name and wondered when this would come up. Curious to know for sure.
$C: Yes, do it!! They'll be so happy to have it.
$C: Ha ha yes. It was like yesterday.
$C: Florida and a surname match, guilty! 
$C: Im the father ▪her brother shot our 19 Year old son twice to d head execution style.
$C: This is why i come to reddit
$C: Who knew Jim Jones was such a nice dude.
$C: He said in a different thread that he still plays it occasionally. I think he should keep it as long as he plays it, for several reasons. It appears that it was a rent to own. We don't know if his mom only made one payment or if she made all BUT one payment, or anywhere in between. Also, paying something forward doesn't necessarily mean that you need to do the exact same thing for someone else. Paying it forward means that when someone is in a greater need than most would provide for, you take it upon yourself to provide for them.
$C: So many times the student wants to learn. Why take away from one student that wants to learn to play. My trumpet is 25 years old. When I got it, the thing was 16 years old. I've played it for the last 10 years of my life. How dare you say that one student doesn't deserve to try and learn to play just because another student wants to learn.
$C: Contact your local school district.  Call its middle and/or high school music teachers and leave messages with them.  I've had some great instruments donated to me this way.
$C: Shut up and drink your potion!
$C: No, but seriously. This has to be the same person. Is nobody going to address this?
$C: What the actual fuck
$C: Yep. It has to be. Same general area. The chances of it being someone else are slim to none. 

OP, you might want to consider some OPSEC next time you post stuff online. Jesus Christ man. 
$C: How in the world did you make this connection?
$C: How is this so far down. 
$C: People make mistakes.. read the details in the court transcript.. she lied for her brother she didn't kill anybody
$C: Seriously. I was expecting something at least thirty years old! Ha. 
$C: No,  it is spelled Tekethia.
$C: http://www.orlandosentinel.com/news/breaking-news/73783824-157.html
$C: Please don't. I would advice not doing so. A rash of positive reviews from people that never visited the place might make the reviews less legitimate for future customers. Plus, the owners might not be there anymore. 

Please only leave reviews if you have dealt with them. These sort of leaving reviews because of going viral on the internet is just bad for business. 
$C: What's up with that sub? There's one legit post. Then there's a handful of other unrelated posts with many of the comments removed. So like, the one mod moderated enough to remove some comments, but not the unrelated posts themselves?

Also, what's so bad about giving some love to a small business? Kinda glad to see that sub didn't go anywhere tbh. 
$C: Seriously, they were saying just because he's not a professional trumpet player now that he doesn't deserve it and should give it back. 
$C: Do you know OP, or did you just recognize the mom’s name, or randomly decide to google it? 
$C: Now there is an ama that I'd be interested in!
$C: Tests? What kind of tests!?
$C: Did you pass? 
$C: Try beating them with a church organ. No idea why one should down vote this; and I am an notorious down voter...
$C: "Earn this" -Saving Private Ryan


$C: How often do you play? People always say music is for life, but then like 90&#37; of students who were in band quit playing in adulthood.
$C: They updated their page to give a response - http://www.allegromusiccentre.com/new/ :-)

I agree with the message. More money to them is not going to do much for them. They're obviously a successful and satisfied business. But you can make a difference in your own community in the same way by donating a musical instrument to a youth band or donating anything to a good organisation really. 
$C: 
...and Ocoee is really close to Casselberry. 

$C: Why though 
$C: What's etiquette for something like this? An old man gave me a guitar, before I left Denver for Chicago, because he has no family, and wanted me to have it rather than let his sister sell it after he dies. I've called him a few times, but honestly, I am back in school and playing music won't be a part of my life again for another 6 months.

Also, the guy loses his phones and breaks them, and doesn't know how to save numbers, so I usually have to call someone to track him down, get his phone number, and relay it to me. It's become a burden for people completely unrelated to the scenario.

I don't want to be a dick. I'm thankful for the guitar, but there's only so much I can do to stay in contact with the guy.
$C: Plot twist: Trumpet store owner just hired a social media advertising company.
$C: http://www.allegromusiccentre.com/new/index.php/about-allegro
$C: That's how the world was meant to be.  Sucks it's so rare now a days 
$C: Other than the title, this comes in 2nd place!!! Hoping folks in the area boom up his business! Lmk,if ya hear back from him.
$C: Came here to say the same! Hahah
$C: ;(. We all were young and did regretful things. Hugs. We make better decisions as we age. 
$C: Trouper
$C: TIL you can be a doctor of fluting. 
$C: and these are the real questions
$C: I never knew just how much I wanted that to be a thing until just now. 
$C: The letter is 9 years old.
$C: Well, that IS from 2009...  ;) 
$C: It really is. Not only is it warm and welcoming but it is a place where a kid who is obviously not in the "in" crowd nor welcomed by the "out" crowd can fit in and excel. Such a kid weather anxious, shy, clumsy, or has not grown in to his/her exaggerated physical features yet can beat out the perfect jock type, the cool dirtball type, and come out on top. Not only is there actually an opportunity to shine for all involved it is more of a team activity than any sport offered by schools. I believe that music of any kind should be more mandatory than physical education.
$C: I had the same thought. “Oh, let’s see when this old letter is from. 80? 85? Damn it.” 
$C: Hmmm
$C: Nice
$C: Heyooo
$C: Its her ▪ Im alexs father ▪i will be going to the music store tomorrow with local news outlets. 
$C: Wow. Gotta be the same person. Keep following the names in the article you found and report back. 
$C: Good God, the OP is related to the worst kind of murderer.   I'm predicting this post disappears.
$C: I respectfully disagree. They're around. They're not boastful so no one else would know. I believe there are still a lot of good people in this country.
$C: There are great people all over the place. Read Daniel Kahneman's ideas about negativity bias.
$C: What come up with a good viral marketing scheme so that morons like you would eat it up?  Yeah great thing...
$C: Your music is bad and you should feel bad!
$C: It's been almost a decade so he's not wrong
$C: And you have my down-toot.


$C: Harmonica. Guitar. 
$C: lmao, "alleged" music
$C: >Imagine if Miles Davis' family was too poor to afford a trumpet or music lessons for him. Or imagine if Paul McCartney said, "Dad, I want to play piano." And his dad said, "No, son, you can't play piano. It's too loud, and I don't the sound of it."

I don't mean to be a downer but.... For every McCartney there is someone (if not multiple someone's) who didn't have the privilege to even try. Whether it's because of poverty, bad parenting or just bring born in a shit country.
$C: *Everyone, crash their website.
$C: Man Tuba's aren't cheap!
$C: Sounds like you had an an encounter with Seattle's notorious 'Rusty trombone' killer \- you were lucky to turn it down.
$C: I’ll donate to that cause 
$C: Contact your local school district.  Call the middle schools and/or high schools and leave messages with the music teachers.  I've received a saxophone in great condition this way. 
$C: Sorry dude, but there'll never be another Miles, he was one of a kind. Like from another dimension or something.
$C: Given as it was a rental, it probably had seen some years of use. It's entirely possible the owner already had collected enough rent on it. Still, it was a very nice gesture
$C: "Back then" \- it's from 2009, man. That's 9 years ago=P
$C: “Not professionally, still plays it occasionally as a hobby”  5hrs ago response
$C: It’s real but the guy who sent it was trying to get some milf pussy
$C: That’s awesome! Depending on the instrument it shouldn’t be too much I would think. 
$C: Never too late to start up again
$C: -Gandalf? 
$C: Don't see a problem with that letter
$C: If you got the money and can make the time get another one! Find a community band around you and see if you can join. I’m in one that’s associated with my college and we only practice for a couple hours one night a week and play about 3 concerts a year. There’s people of all ages in it. Young middle schoolers and 80 year olds. It’s honestly a great experience!
$C: You think one act of kindness can change a person's world, but sometimes it's not enough, sadly. http://articles.orlandosentinel.com/2012-12-21/news/os-ocoee-home-invasion-murder-arrests-20121221_1_bessman-okafor-sherria-gordon-ocoee-home-invasion


$C: But they're happy tears, that's the best way to start the day. :'\)
$C: Rambo said that in first blood part 2.  A work of art.
$C: If you are his sister, just know that your mom is being put on blast in a lot of comments in case you aren't seeing it. I wish your brother would have edited out her name when he did her address. I'd hate to see this turn negative for him. 
$C: No he's actually ded.

Source: am not OP
$C: To play the trumpet well, you must first become one with the Trumpet. 
$C: An accessory to murder it seems, look her up.
$C: You're clearly not that tough.
$C: 😂😂
$C: What’s being a sheep like?
$C: There's one!
$C: I take it back guys, I forgot Reddit is no place for dumb comments.
$C: Shut up you friggin bozo
$C: Holy shit, Reddit is learning. Down vote this shit to hell! Learn to think for yourself, jerk.
$C: Oh she did.  She played Taps on his gear for sure.
$C: Lol your life revolves around politics..

What a sad life.
$C: We’re not all assholes.
$C: wow no humor in r/pics
$C: Downvoted as you wished
$C: [deleted]
$C: no u
$C: Wait for the rest to wake up. This should have more dislikes in a bit.
$C: It's art, you soulless monkey.
$C: Makin statements, assumin.
$C: Things are much better in Cambodia today than they were in the past. 
$C: How do you know he doesn't play?
$C: If you're going to make a racial slight, the least you could do is spell her name correctly.
$C: If basketball coaches are so fucking good, why aren’t they just famous basketball players instead?
$C: This was one person being kind to another person. What does that have to do with capitalism, or any other economic system for that matter? 
$C: You must be a very emotional person 
$C: Spoken like someone who has never bought an instrument. They are pricey.
$C: Yep but they still have the instrument
$C: I would assume someone of Haitian decent. 
$C: A) it was his mother’s debt, not his.
B) America ( and everywhere fucking else) is in trillions of dollars of debt because of bad decisions made by bankers who make millions.
C) go fellate a cactus you whiny fuckass.
$C: Well it certainly isn’t a new letter. It’s all subjective.
$C: It’s deserving. A wholesome and an awesome story.
$C: You’re retarded.
$C: Eh? I didn't get that at all, he let her have it without paying and only asked her to return it if he decided to drop out/stop playing it so another student could have it. 

Even even gives her some positive motivation (tough times don't last, only tough people). 


$C: True, but if the lights are off...
$C: wh,at?
$C: Fuck everything about this "there are people worse off then you so don't complain" comment. 

>1974


We can thank your generation that an entire new generation gets to enjoy growing up "real" poor.

>That's what I think.

>Compared to me you were spoiled.

>whole family should have starved

>Everybody else are supporting actors.

Thank you for sharing that sad window it to what is probably a sad a lonely life. Thankfully you are on the down swing and won't have to suffer too much longer.


$C: Are you assuming he has a lot of learning to do on the basis of he’s young and not to make the same mistakes you did? such as choosing to buy a musical instrument and go hungry, instead of feeding your nourishment to maintain healthy livelihood so you could at least enjoy music even if you couldn’t afford to play it? Or to commit misdemeanor petty theft crimes like stealing neighbors property by stealing their fruit so you could play guitar, classical guitar, through college? 

Speaking of which you’re pretty lucky man, not only did the schools I went to have music programs, I dreamed of playing an instrument but never was given the attention I needed to be able to partake in such an extravagant hobby, once growing older I wasn’t able to be lucky enough to go to college, let alone finish high school, I had to work immediately at 16 drop out of high school to be able to pay rent, college? No, I got my ged at the age of 30 though, sounds like you lived a life of privilege compared to myself,  I feel you were lucky just as you say the original poster was also, my point of saying any of this? 

See how this works? See what I did there? You’re experience should’ve given you the ability to foresee such a response though

Nobody wants to hear struggles of someone, there’s no comparing of anyone’s perception of reality to another, you say OPs spoiled, I say you were, someone guaranteed will have it worse then us 3 combined and so on so forth... the pure fact that we have the option of even having the simple ability to communicate on social media like this means we’re well off compared to the rest of the world who wouldn’t even think or have the option of even knowing what it’s like to sit in the comfort of a warm bed being able to speak your mind over a mobile device without fear or life threatening recourse.... 

it’s as far or deep as you want to take it..... think before you pass judgement, or give an unwanted opinion on a sincere post of a son paying homage in reflection. 

You may be older but it doesn’t entitle you wiser.

-An opinion isn’t particularly noteworthy, even if you feel it’s a good opinion based on experience, especially when it’s unrequested.

But,

-Life isn’t fair, close to nothing is, unfair things happen everyday, to everyone... 

..right?

Your words not mine

And, This is just what I think..... 🔥

$C: Bad bot
$C: Wrong bot
$C: lmao.
$C: Bad bot
$C: Troll alert everyone.
$C: what if every day companies and places were named like this?  I'm so glad for my job at The Historic Arkansan Emporium and Bazaar of the House of His Highness, Sir Walton
$C: "Stay tuned." Hah. I get it. 

Also, they're amazing. I will be purchasing and donating an instrument. 
$C: Yes!!! Please tell me that you visit her or communicate with her! How amazing! 
$C: How do you know he hasn’t?
$C: I'm happy for you picking up something you always wanted to try for many years. It just shows that it's never to late to start anything. Hope you have fun playing your violin. :) 
$C: Cheer up buttercup :) 
$C: But did you know swans can be gay 
$C: Hey yo!
$C: Literally what I thought it first said. 
$C: Needs more Chico...
$C: -Michael Scott. 
$C: *screeching car tires*
$C: Hard Gay?
$C: "auueeuugghhh eeuugghhh beeeaauuughhh eeauugghh."

- Sylvester Stallone
$C: This is what I came looking for 
$C: Survey time!
$C: I love Razor Ramon! Gonna watch his WWE debut right now!
$C: "Good times will always end, so will good people." - bullshit I made up.

Basically it is a recycleable formula of adage. Nice.
$C: “I live my life a quarter mile at a time”

-Dominic Toretto
$C: This letter is awesome.  That being said I did NOT expect any Razor Ramon when I came here.  Well done, good sir.  Well done.
$C: :(
$C: I just got back into WWF stuff, so it’s funny that I’d see this. 
$C: Came looking for this post in the comments
$C: Ok chico?
$C: -Chael Sonen
$C: I read this in Deadpool's voice for some reason
$C: What about women you sexist pig?/s
$C: Written by James W. Jones
$C: It's probably older than that. 
$C: Link to a pdf of the full book. It's actually pretty motivating. [https://www.weirdteam.com/support\-files/toughtimesneverlast.pdf](https://www.weirdteam.com/support-files/toughtimesneverlast.pdf)
$C: That's an odd name for a book.
$C: - Wayne Gretzky
$C: Don't you mean Prison Mike?
$C: -PineapplePoppadom
$C: you have no idea how high i can fly.
$C: You right, you right 
$C: The fact that 500 grandmas upvoted this tired and worthless comment (and we can’t see the downvotes) says all there is to say about what became of Reddit. 
$C: I think so too!
$C: Perhaps drop off some eclairinets.  
$C: Let's do it OP! We shall guild the meta if he decides to post
$C: Need an update OP! 
$C: Drop a card with a screen shot of this post and url >____<.
$C: inb4 the store gets rl slashdotted
$C: And that’s it’s trending with over 160k upvotes!! 
$C: A selfie with the owner, donuts and the letter on a screen, would be worth karma-millions.
$C: !remindme 1 day
$C: >That's very doughtful. 

FTFY


$C: More thoughtful than OP as of what I gatter from this thread. (Since he didn't help any student when times were good as the man in the letter suggested - atleast that's what I saw but still though OP is spreading positivitiy with this thread so that's nice.)



And yes, every act of kindness should be appreciated. I hope the man still works there and he probably likes donuts too because who doesn't.
$C: RemindMe! 1 day
$C: I played oboe many years ago at South Seminole Middle and rented from this place. 
Went on to get a degree in music education. Taught high school choir for 13 years. It all started with that oboe. 
$C: he's incredibly humble, told me a few times that he didn't do it for this reason and that he's helped many kids over the years
$C: And take some pics. Think of the karma!
$C: Do-nut*?it! 
$C: We've opened up a PayPal to accept donations for a Rental Scholarship fund, hopefully we can help even more people and pay it forward some more!
http://www.allegromusiccentre.com/new/
$C: if we get that done I'd be happy to run it down there
$C: hi!
$C: Donut king has the best donuts in the sad landscape of donuts in the metro area
$C: Fucking Donut King getting some good publicity too. They should be donating the donuts to the music store. 
$C: Omg Tijuana flats. :( you don't know what you have till it's gone my dudes. Time to go visit my parents in Florida
$C: This is a great idea. Even if you mail them $5 with a copy of the letter to let him know why. I love this idea!
$C: Awesome! 
$C: they're still in business, but could use more!
$C: Woah woah, I just woke up, on my way 
$C: [deleted]
$C: please do!
$C: 436 might be the worst road in the area. Especially the stretch between I4 and Palm Springs in front of the mall. I swear there is a stoplight every 50 feet.
$C: 436 sucks all day every day, I guess technically it is State Route, but no one says that anymore
$C: Their website is old, that’s a great idea 

I’m taking my guitar there to be restrung next week 
$C: I'm thinking Altamonte. 
$C: Longwood, used to live in 32792 years ago
$C: they knew about the post before I got there!
$C: found them!
$C: the owner's son in law saw the post on reddit so they knew all about the buzz already!

$C: He did it!
$C: Invalid command , please try again
$C: Plot twist, this is the owner, buying donuts for myself 
$C: They tasted amazing 
$C: let's clear out their stock!
$C: I did it just for you
$C: Dear Mr. Jones,

I'm afraid that I'll be late for payments on the trumpet again. It breaks my heart to say this, but I cannot give it back. For while you studied the trumpet, I studied the blade...
$C: This is the nicest thing I've ever read about OP's mom on reddit.
$C: Dear Mr. Jones, 

I'll let you pick a hole if my son can keep playing his doot doot. 

Thanks, 

Mrs. Ruffin
$C: There are some jokes to be made about this but this letter almost brought a tear to my eye so I'll leave it to someone else to do it
$C: \>is there a Mr Gump, Mrs Gump? 
$C: Or maybe, there was no request at all. There are still good people. 
$C: "Anywhere is fine, just not in my hair please."
$C: You don’t know that...
$C: r/humblebrag
$C: /r/suicidebywords
$C: so what can kind of birds do you watch ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)?
$C: ha...
$C: lol
$C: Oh my. 
$C: Just give the man 500$..
$C: Most people do not benefit from tax deductions for charitable giving.  70% of tax payers take the standard deduction and don't itemize.
$C: [deleted]
$C: I’ve got $5 on it, anyone else??
$C: Let's do this Reddit! Here's the [store](http://www.allegromusiccentre.com/new/) and the story of [Jim & Allegro](http://www.allegromusiccentre.com/new/index.php/about-allegro) which seems to specialize in serving high school music teachers.
$C: I'd put a couple bucks on this! At least $20!
How much do trumpets cost? 
$C: I'm in!
$C: That is an awesome idea!
$C: I would love to pitch in for this. Is anyone starting a Go Fund Me?
$C: Yeah c’mon Reddit you heartless bastards why can’t you give the boy what he’s asking for, for pete’s sake 
$C: I don't think he was making a point of money, it was a point of passing good faith along to someone who is down. Paying it forward means giving it to someone that needs it. Chances are two trumpets aren't going to be life changing for the shop keeper. If they are, then yeah give em to him because he's in need.
$C: I suggest Redditors wanting to honor this guy donate $$$ to their local school to start a trumpet scholarship in his name, as well as send $$$ to his store to encourage a free trumpet rental program for students in need.
$C: Just to let everyone know the amount of money this would take, two trumpets from this store would run about $1600-2400.

~~https://www.allegromusiccenter.com/advanced_search_result.php?keywords=Trumpet&x=0&y=0&search_in_description=1~~


$C: This is the same as if everyone pitched in to buy me a guitar. Now that would be proof of concept. 
$C: Fuck it, count me in too!
$C: I'll donate too someone set this up
$C: Nice try, James W. Jones of Casselberry, Florida.
$C: I'm in how do we do this?
$C: That's paying it both forward and back!
$C: I’ll throw in for this 
$C: Lets do it Reddit
$C: Great idea!
$C: Fiver ready... let's do it.
$C: Where does it say she was a single mom?
$C: I'm in
$C: How do you know she was a single mother?
$C: I'm not so sure it's still in business anymore. I live near the address in the letter, and it's a Wingstop now. 
$C: Mayhap start a gofundme for a poor student instrument fund. 
$C: Good news: [place is still up and running,](http://www.allegromusiccentre.com/new/) Jim's made it to almost 35 years of music. 
$C: I'm totally in!!!
$C: We can use a service like [https://www.patreon.com/](https://www.patreon.com/) or [https://digitaltipjar.com/](https://digitaltipjar.com/) to pool the money and have OP withdraw it and donate it to them.

What we need here is OP or an entity or any person who would remain honest and get our money from here to there. 

Donations cannot be anonymous or can they? \(what's the rule in USA?\)
$C: I'm in
$C: Get a go fund me set up I got some cash.
$C: I’m in 
$C: Do we have a place to donate set up yet?
$C: Shit like this gives me faith in the world. 

I wish I were in a place to help. 
$C: Wait how do you know that his mom is single?  
$C: I'm in if someone sets it up. Pm if so
$C: Paying it back is a closed loop.  Two people receive something, which is also akin to a transaction.  Paying it forward is intended to help at least 3 people.  By making it so you can't pay them back it doesn't devalue the act and allows for more people to be helped.  
$C: If everybody pays it forward it eventually comes back.
$C: Paying it forward does seem to be more in the spirit of the man himself. 
$C: Hey there,

I don't really know how everything works with "Gofundme" stuff. But I opened an account and a campaign for this thing here already. If someone knows how this works and wants to help out \(apparently you can register a team\) hit me up. I really want to get this going!!

Edit: Apparently I need to be a US citizen to get this started with $. Sadly I am not so help would be appreciated even more!

Regards

hecki!
$C: I hope this post drives an unprecedented wave of business to the shop of this lovely man. 
$C: How much is a trumpet?
$C: Wait.. is this a real thing? How do we do this? Where do I donate?
$C: This place is five minutes from where I live it's crazy!
$C: 5 dollars in Bitcoin may only be worth 5 cents tomorrow....
$C: I'd help but I'm a homeless man with a phone
$C: Headline:  Florida Man does good deed for struggling Trumpet renter, receives good karma
$C: Sometimes
$C: r/Floridaman
$C: /r/wholesomefloridaman
$C: Most shocking part of the picture
$C: Does not compute. Fatal error
$C: > Florida man is a person


what's the world coming to?


$C: /r/floridaman
$C: This letter absolutely reminds me of Florida Man
$C: I keep seeing this reference, but can't ever understand what's the joke here? genuinely curious
$C: When he isn’t attempting oral sex with gators or running around naked on bath salts.
$C: Him and the state government are in kahoots
$C: r/floridaman
$C: r/floridaman
$C: And he doesn’t blow his own trumpet 
$C: "It's all downhill from here" - Florida
$C: /r/floridaman
$C: He has his moments. 
$C: I love character development 
$C: This...is actually newsworthy in today's Florida.... 
$C: He even enlightens kids on his babies are made
$C: Alabama man is best
$C: Florida man giveth, and He taketh away, like when he ate that guy's face 
$C: > they could just sneeze out trumpets weekly without hurting too much

Holy shit they must have giant nostrils
$C: Doesn't always work that way unfortunately. But I'm glad it does, occasionally.
$C: I'm so glad to hear good people recieving good karma. Good for him :)
$C: Great to hear about people like them.  This is in contrast to an earlier thread today discussing a worker who got reprimanded for giving slightly extra mulch to customers (who then kept returning) but then after he left the manager made sure nobody got any extra and eventually chased away all their clients until business forced to close.
$C: If they can't play them though while they are sneezing them out it will make an awful noise. Source: I've heard beginning trumpet players before.
$C: Sooooo... evil capitalist pig?

Put the trumpets away, men.  Grab your pitchforks!
$C: FYI the word you meant was attest. Contest would mean you are disagreeing with the other posters. 

Thanks for the smell imagery, I feel like I can smell it too!
$C: > Contest

I think you mean "attest." If you were contesting that he's a good person, you'd basically saying he's not a good person. 
$C: I’m not from Florida but as a fellow musician, when I would go into my local music equip. store for brass oil and new music, it had a distinct smell of old books and brass oil as well.  I loved it.  
$C: Red Bug Lake?  I...think I won't go there on vacation.
$C: > Even though I only picked up scores once in a while

Ah, so it was a front.  Gus Fring would be proud.
$C: Same thing here.  Rented my trombone from them. 
$C: Oh shit, band humor.

Goddamn trumpet players with their beautiful women and cocaine...
$C: Oh man, making jokes about trumpet players being trash brings me back to marching band...
$C: Oh, everybody's drinking the kool-aid about good ol' Jim Jones.
$C: "The only consistent people are dead ones." -- /u/urbanek2525
$C: “You can easily judge the character of hooman by how hooman treats those who can do nothing for hooman.”—Malcolm S. Forbes's Dogo.
$C: That’s the point... good character isn’t about personal gain.
$C: That’s it. I think we need to start a Reddit band. I play a wicked tambourine. 
$C: Hi, I hope you're doing better now. 
$C: My friend who I looked up to like the Dad I never had was addicted to heroin. When I got depressed and suicidal as a teen he was the first to jump in and help me. I didn’t even know about his addiction. I always hung out at his house and we would jam. We had the same guitar and he taught me how to play bass. 

A few years later on a Sunday morning when I’m at church one of the other pastors tells the pastor in the middle of his sermon that my friend just died. He cried and left and we were told of his passing. He freaked out during a high and threw himself off the second story of his home and landed on his back. 

I was only about 17 and his stuff had to be sold off to pay of his debt. I had no job and no money and all his guitars were sold off. It made me cry how I couldn’t do anything to save even one of them and it still hurts my soul to this day. I felt useless and sometimes still do because they meant the world to me. 
$C: Something that helps me cope when I'm really down (e.g. close to just grabbing fent/amph/benzos and using them to escape) is to just sort of walk off somewhere without destination and start singing my thoughts out. Usually stolen melody-segments and simplistic stuff, but it really helps me clear my mind and sometimes even gets me insight in my disconnected thoughts/words.


I've never been an addict as such, and perhaps this part of me has helped me not go down that road. Been close a few times since I used to have quite a few drugs of all kinds at home at all times.

Music is lovely.
$C: You all are making me cry. 
$C: This story is awesome, I'm proud of you.
$C: My upright got me through a divorce, a recession, and homelessness. Music saved my life.  
$C: People who have never felt addiction can't relate to the pain of being in it or the struggle of getting out, but those who have will definitely recognize the immense human achievement of defeating it. Others might see a former addict as damaged because of the effect had on the brain, but that small difference is a trophy, not a scar. It is amazing you've beaten addiction, and heroin at that. I know people trapped in it still and know people who lost to it, so I recognize your incredible strength. You're an inspiration, David; rest well knowing you have defeated Goliath. 
$C: 4 months here, high five!

Edit: oops I mean sober five I guess 
$C: Are you on the east coast? You're never too old to march DCA!
$C: I agree with the guy above me. Here in Seattle, we have a bunch of adult marching bands that play events. They also have one for our soccer team. If you live in a big city, I bet you could find one.
$C: I was in color guard too and those are the same lessons I picked up. Also a wicked sense of hand-eye coordination. 
$C: Ditto here for colorguard. It was the first thing I ever took seriously and stuck with. Totally changed my life. And I am habitually early to EVERYTHING because of it. Lol. 
$C: Band time is what we called it. A game would be at 7:30pm but band time would be 6:45. The saying went: if you’re early, you’re on time & if you’re on time, you’re late. 
$C: Our oldest daughter has participated in Color/Winter Guard since middle school. She fell in with a troubled crowd of kids who were making bad choices, and the peer pressure to join in was starting to get to her. We tried so many activities to get her engaged in something constructive instead, but nothing held her interest. Until she found GUARD. 
She just finished her junior year, in which she captained the school team, and I have to say that we have not had any more than a reasonable amount of teenage drama from her.  It gave her something to get excited about, to invest in and really learn what it feels like to make a commitment and stick with it, and now she has a sense of accomplishment to go along with her hard work. She's really proud of herself, and I'm happy for her that she already has that sense self worth at a time in life where it's so common to feel bad about and doubt yourself. 
$C: > Man, I wish there was something similar for adults.

After this post, I'm seriously considering making time for my local community band. 
$C: Drum corps is an option, as it is pretty much a marching band for adults.
$C: There could be! Google for town bands in your area and you may find a group close by.
$C: There is. It's called 4chan. :) 
$C: A guy in my neighborhood practices his trombone in the park  
$C: If you have the money, the Yamaha Silent Brass system works surprisingly well.
$C: Hey, bud... Check out the Yamaha Silent mute. I've never used one, but I've heard that they work great.
$C: Have you looked at Silent Brass? They are electronic mutes, designed for practicing. 
$C: I had a Bach Strad in high school and college.  Fell on hard times after dropping out of college and had to sell my trumpet for rent money.

I still miss my horn... :(
$C: Look up Yamaha silent brass practice mutes. They're amazing for practicing in close quarters. Blow your lips off and barely hear it, but they have a mic and headphones built in and sound pretty natural listening through that.
$C: does a mute tone it down enough for the cops not to be called?
$C: You could pick up a [practice mute](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0007XYZNS/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_api_i_AkvbBbG1XXWHF) for about $27. I’ve been using one for many years and they work great. It also requires more air so after practicing with it, playing without is even easier. 
$C: https://usa.yamaha.com/products/musical_instruments/winds/silent_brass/index.html
$C: In my closed-hall condo complex, there used to be someone who practiced clarinet every night. I would intentionally time my walks to the mailroom to corniced with it, because it filled me with joy and brought me back to my younger years (dance team but also a TBS sister.) Hearing that clarinet made this place feel more homey, and I miss it. Having stood in-set in front of a trumpet line for years, I can definitely understand how it might be too loud, but I for one would love it!
$C: There are pretty good practice mutes out there. My best friend is a professional trumpeter and he has a setup that’s basically a box lined with insulation. Point the bell into it and play.  
  
You may be able to find practice modules at a local community center. 
$C: Check out the Yamaha Silent Brass system.  You can practice anywhere!
$C: I understand they make electronic mutes that hook up to headphones. I haven't tried one yet but it might work for you! 
$C: ^^^ this.  my daughter (8 years old) has been playing drums for 4 years now.  It's 100% because she saw me playing drums.  added benefit, since I'm telling her she has to practice daily, I also get to practice daily.

edit: words


$C: I do! He's super interested in it and music of all kinds. He likes the drums a lot, which I think all four year olds do.
$C: Aww, now you're making me tear up! A band director who cares about their students has one of the biggest impacts I've ever seen. Mine was Mr. Rees, I'm still friends with him on facebook. He quit teaching band for a few years and went on to be a principal, but now he's back at band.

I went into education because of him. Not only that, but of the 30 of so people who graduated my year and the year before I can think of at least 10-12 who went into music, education or music education. That's gotta be higher than average. And with a couple exceptions, I bet that every single one of them cites him as their inspiration, and who they aspire to emulate every day.
$C: I hope you know how many students’ lives you will be changing for the better. I wish you all the best!
$C: Thank you! You are changing lives :)
$C: Shit.  What you said really struck a nerve with me.  

I learned how to read music before I learned how to read words.  I was always better than everyone growing up, probably because I started so young.  I didn’t start to try until late high school.  When I did start to try, I went HARD and after college I realized what you realized.   There’s so many brilliantly talented musicians, and there is always someone better.  

That realization was so painful for me, but you’re exactly right.   That damn “what if” game is the devil.
$C: This story made me really happy!
$C: > "if you want to be good at something, you have to be obsessed with it". 

I'm loving this quote and I'm stealing it!
$C: I had no involvement in music and that really sounds great, even to me.
$C: It was all my mom, she had a similar experience in high school with her clarinet. My dad actually hated the trumpet, he wasn't good at it and just found it frustrating. His parents forced him to play an instrument and he REALLY hated the piano. He only played it for a couple years, and I think they only ended up with it because my mom was interested in learning to play it. 

When it was time for me to do band, he made sure that it was something I wanted to do, and not just because my mom wanted me to. I was given the choice of trumpet or clarinet because those were the instruments that we had, I picked trumpet because half the girls in my grade had picked clarinet and I wanted something different. I had no idea the impact that choice would have on my life. 
$C: I was only able to make time for it my freshman year, but what a rush! Those Simple Gifts circles still get me every time. 
$C: What’s stopping you from picking up and instrument now?
$C: How about you let me give you guitar lessons?   Music saved my life when I didn’t fit in at school or at home. 
$C: It doesn't have to be music- find something to be passionate about, reading, model airplanes, legos, a sport, running, hiking, gaming. You do you
$C: Yes, it is. I liked it because I could sew patches on it. It still has a patch that says "your mom" and from the 2003 holiday bowl. 
$C: I actually have a sinking suspicion my mom is going to find my reddit name after this post... Hi mom!
$C: > Do you still have his trumpet though?

My mom does! They ended up in a better financial situation, and she actually keeps my/dad's old trumpet and my sister's flute in her office with her guitar and her clarinet from when she was in high school in the 70s. She always wanted to learn the mandolin, so she has one of those in there too that she picked up for relatively cheap at a yard sale. She's also added some kid instruments- penny whistles, bongo drums, tamborine, etc. that my son and my niece love playing with when they come over. My 4 yo son calls it "the instrument room" and tries to convince me to let him sleep in there. 
$C: Some of the people I played with in high school went on to make careers of music. At least four of them teach music professionally, either at a high school/elementary or their own studio, two are professional musicians and actually make a living from it. Another is a rep with the local music store chain and he travels around the region working with schools to make sure they have the instruments they need, and doing demos for 4th graders who might be interested in band the next year- he can play everything. I'm sure I'm missing someone too, those are just the ones who are active on facebook.
$C: I'm sorry you had that experience :( I hope you eventually got to be part of something that made you proud.
$C: > Start saving now for the moment when your child's music tutor tells you her/his fathers 30 year old trumpet is holding them back - complete the circle.

Ain't that the truth! I'm actually his mother though, but I get it- most trumpet players are dudes. It's a pretty well taken care of horn, so we'll see. He may not even want to play it, and if his interest is in sports, or math, or competitive cheerleading I will absolutely support him in all of that. Unless it's the saxophone, that shit is unacceptable (just kidding!)
$C: > A lot of people think music teachers intend for their students to pursue music for a lifetime. We don’t. We intend for students to appreciate music for a lifetime. 

I love the way you put this. Many of the people that I went to high school and college with pursued music as a career, most didn't. Almost all of them will cite our director as a person who had a major influence on them. More of us ended up going into education than music, and I think that says something about him as a teacher. I've told him this, the number of students he's had an impact on *that he has never even met* numbers in the hundreds, if not thousands.
$C: We called it hell week. It was hot, sweaty and uncomfortable for everyone. 
$C: There are so few people who understand that experience! I played in one of the smallest pac-10 (at the time) schools, but at a stadium known for being loud. I have played at CenturyLink in Seattle (I think it was Quest at the time) several times for very large (if not sold out) crowds. It's intense, and you know that if you do everything right no one will notice you, but if you mess up... Still one of the biggest rushes I've ever had.
$C: Never played an instrument but grew up in casselberry. Just wanted to say hi. 
$C: I play the instrument of a giant sword dragging on cement! Hi! From Silent Hill!
$C: Did we just become best friends? Casselberry and Lyman as well!
$C: If you have a few extra bucks, you should consider making a small donation to a local public school band program. 

I, too, was a band geek through middle and high school. I remember how much fundraising we had to do, and this was during a time when arts and music were reasonably well funded (comparatively speaking). Being in band was probably one of the best decisions I ever made, so many fond memories of marching band competitions, concert band performances, and the friends I made there. I've always said that the single most valuable thing I ever learned in school was how to read and play music. It's something I still do to this day, in my 30's. 
$C: Pay it forward man, give it to a young student that can't afford one!
$C: [deleted]
$C: Pay it forward bro! And if you keep the thing, find some places to play! Go to some open Mic jazz jams and play! Usually you'll find jazz jams populated by great players, or at least serious hobbiests, so it may be a little uncomfortable at first. But those communities are usually pretty inviting to people who want to play and improve. Just be up front about your skill level, so you don't have lead trumpet guy giving you shit. As the old joke goes, how many trumpet players does it take to screw in a light bulb? No one knows! They are all at the bottom of the ladder arguing over who can do it better and faster. 


But honestly, as a bass player, come jam man. Come find us. You won't regret it. 
$C: How much does a trumpet cost?
$C: You didn't return it?
$C: Did you do anything nice for him yet?
$C: That is dope!

Do you find that your lips get numb and funny when you play it? Or does that go away?
$C: Join a community band, hopefully they have them where you live. I direct one in MN.
$C: you better 
$C: If you can afford it now, or someday, donate the cost of a trumpet to that company and ask them to use it for someone in need. Or donate it to your school and use that man's name as the donor.
$C: You better still be in band tho
$C: if you do decide to donate it (I understand the sentimentality I miss my hs trumpet) you can probably find a yamaha student horn for ~$200, it's not dirt cheap or an amazing horn but it's at least consistently ok
$C: He's being modest, he doesn't like to toot his own horn.
$C: I love this. I think back to my single mom working 2 jobs, raising 2 kids, and she still let me take trumpet in school. 40 years later, and I still have it! Thanks mom!!

PS: I can't play as well as I once did, but I have band to thank for teaching me how to read sheet music. That's a talent I use all the time.
$C: Saw Mrs. Ruffins, was hoping ypu were Kermit.  I'm disappointed.
$C: Oh man I hope he’s still around and you can thank him!! It’s always wonderful to hear from former students :)
$C: Jacques... you better start playing it professionally.

That man forgave your debt to him. You must repay him with fame and fortune.
$C: Boy if you woulda said no, I woulda had a tear come to my eye. This guy runs one hell of a music store. Is he still in business?
$C: Let's start a ska band. We'll call it Average Tuna. 
$C: Hey. I drive through Casselberry every day. This is cool.
$C: [deleted]
$C: That's good, otherwise you'd have to return the trumpet.
$C: That “haha” after reading the letter did me in.
$C: Pass it on Jacques!
$C: Give it back lol
$C: “Tough times never last, Tough people do.” Amazing quote
$C: *cough*totally doesn’t play trumpet anymore*
 o yeah man pay it forward! 
$C: Did you pay back the society debt by following fat guys in supermarkets playing the everyone knows what melody?
$C: I entered my trombone from Allegro back from 99-02!
$C: If you ever use it for something like [this](https://youtu.be/QxnY2SWZTvk) it's totally worth it.
$C: You need to send that man a letter thanking him. 
$C: Did you ever pay her back?
$C: I always wanted to be a great jazz trumpet player, but I lacked all the motivation to be successful. I ended up giving my trumpet to a friend's son who used it to play in a college marching band....full ride scholarship. Best thing I ever did as a failure!
$C: Maybe donate a trumpet or money to someone who will do the same as this man. Or see if he’s still in business? That would be extra amazing 
$C: That's badass my dad pawned my saxaphone for cocaine I still wish I could play it. I wasn't good at it but It was really sweet My uncle had given it to me when I couldn't afford my rentals. 
$C: I bet the guy is pissed cuz you were probably supposed to give it back after you were done with school and that class.
$C: I just realized how I am so fortunate to have my parents buy me a $2500 trumpet outright...when I was only 11, and now I don’t even play it leisurely. What a fucking spoiled brat I am. 
$C: You should return it at this point...  😂 
$C: So your mom never returned it to the person who gave it to you lol?
$C: Come on, don't be afraid to blow your own horn. 
$C: Hey you need to blank your mama's name out. People are googling her and drudging up shit that happened in 2012 I'm sure you don't want Reddit talking about...
$C: [heh heh heh heh](https://youtu.be/A6lZ92rBMfo)
$C: Not until you mentioned it. Fucking brilliant. 

[“T, you play this? Professionally???”](http://media.liveauctiongroup.net/i/9378/10386996_5.jpg?v=8CDBD2ABB7597B0)
$C: "Paulie, you got like Tourettes or something?"
$C: no, but a trumpet can...or it can be passed on.
$C: Exactly my thoughts - Quick Google and realising a rental Trumpet is the least of her concerns. 
$C: Don't let a string player hear you say that trumpets are expensive.  Heck, don't let a *tuba* player hear you say that trumpets are expensive.
$C: As stupid as all these comments are, it's a helpful reminder for daily life. Don't judge people quickly and try to appreciate their side of things. It's similar to running into any kind of asshole. They make the people who are kind that much more wonderful.
$C: People are always willing to spend other people's money
$C: What are you on dude? The letter was written in 2009. That was like 9 years ago. If OP is 21 then he was 12 or 13 then. What kind of math are you doing? 
$C: Lol dude. I've been here with the maths thing but this was definitely not 19 years ago 
$C: I have a flugelhorn I plan to be buried with. But anytime Im at an antique store or a flea market or a yard sale and there's a horn, if it's being sold for a stupid low price, I buy it. Mostly because I really love the look and design of those really old cases - the ones that are formed to the shape of the horn, not the terrible suitcase ones.

I guess this thread just made me feel like I was the scrooge McDuck of brass instruments, and they deserve a good home.
$C: ask him.
$C: In his marching band he used to pay the French whore
$C: Definitely blows
$C: *I'm not a trumpet, you're the trumpet!*
$C: This is perfect because you have to basically blow a raspberry to make a note on the trumpet, and in the UK trump means fart.
$C: Not my instrument. 
$C: Trumpets are trump followers :p
$C: Are you saying you think president clarinet would have been better?
$C: Can't really function without a "stick" in the back end.
$C: I just blew milk out of my nose 
$C: __doot doot__
$C: president butt trumpet
$C: I’m a foreigner (by not much, Canadian) and if you can’t tell who would act like Mr Jones over there between Trump and Obama, I suggest a long hard look at priorities.
$C: Not a trumpet.
$C: Those mod fellas need to tighten up their regex game
$C: Literally triggered by the word "trump".
$C: Well Clinton did play sax
$C: In England trump means fart.
$C: And the odd fart.
$C: The old Penistone problem.
$C: Same reason I can't get Publix to make a cake with "trumpet" on it.


$C: Card game? You mean the president of value town?
$C: This reminds me of the video game Dark Souls that would censor "nig" (for obvious reasons) even if it occurs within a word. So instead of Knight we will see K***ght. It's hilarious. 
$C: Pretty much the same reason. As for this post's flair, a mod had this to say:  

>sorry, automod is a dum-dum. Flair removed.
$C: 🎺🎺
$C: Thank. Who's his running mate?
$C: Thank
$C: Yep, and he also needs a mute 
$C: who blows a lot of hot air
$C: Because then no one could afford an instrument except the Communist Party elite
$C: Famously, everyone was rich under socialism!
$C: Weirdest account ever. There is both a 1 year gap and a 7 month gap in there. 

My money is on prison. 
$C: What
$C: I have no problem with the post, I merely questioned the flair. But since you think it's garbage that I pointed it out... what exactly do think about the letter or the headline is political? 
$C: Go take a nap, cunt
$C: Damn- that was a great short. 
$C: Pretty much all of the above. A band director does so much behind the scenes, it’s insane. You can really see the love for teaching when all the bullshit hits the fan and they’re still doing it.
$C: I teach band which is a wind and percussion ensemble (woodwinds, brass, and percussion).  I have three ensembles I'm in charge of which consists of students from grades 6, 7, and 8.  We have Beginning Band, Concert Band, and Symphonic Band.  I also assist at the nearby high school were I help out with the marching band during football season there and concert and symphonic band during the concert season.  I teach around 500 students a day with 300 of those at my own school.  I teach them how to play their instrument and somehow get a bunch of practice middle schoolers to make music together.
$C: My go to is the basic rock n roll Chuck Berry shuffle - open sixth string and alternating between the second and fourth fret on the fifth string. 

It's amazing how even absolute beginners can get a cool groove going within a minute.


$C: I know it's just I work almost 13 hours a day 5 days a week for the past 3 years I don't have time to play anymore.. but I haven't given up when I do get time I play guitar and work on tehcno...  
$C: Being 23 is it too late to learn the violin and somehow launch a career through it?
$C: Have you heard Axl Rose recently?
$C: Til you’re dead, of course.  Then it’s too late. 
$C: I think it is.  I heard if you don't get into music at a young age (prior to like 9), you can't tell what notes are being played.  I'm almost 30 and cannot for the life of me tell the difference between an A note or a D note (I can at least tell they aren't the same note.... Usually)
$C: Or the college!
$C: I’m really sorry that happened to you. Sometimes there are music teachers who shouldn’t be, and they turn kids away from music.  
  
My friend learned to play the string bass when she was 50. You might think it’s too late, but it’s not. There are tons of community bands where you would be welcomed to play as well. 
$C: Express those feelings with them fat low whole notes.
$C: The feeling you express is the ground shaking as I walk around.
$C: He didn't say which emotion. 
$C: Elephants are very intelligent creatures with a full range of emotions.
$C: Hey, as a low brass player (euph), I feel obligated to add that the tuba is just as capable of making beautiful music as any other instrument. Check out mvt. II of Vaughan Williams's Concerto for Tuba!!!
$C: I love hearing tubas you should try the French horn a bit more portable if thats what your worried about haha. 
$C: > But... I played the tuba...

Follow fat people walking around. Ala Family Guy...https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d0aIqx1McVI
$C: Say no more, my dude! 

https://youtu.be/Dvt9wjObDAQ (use both ears, don't want to miss that sweet, funky, tuba goodness)
$C: In one high school concert a tuba quartet played the Temptations' song "Just my Imagination" and it was so beautiful it made me cry. 
$C: Have you seen some of the repertoire for solo tuba? There’s some pretty expressive stuff out there. 
$C: I play too.   Come on, there's nothing better than an angry tuba.
$C: I play baritone!

Still playing and I'm 41.
$C: Well maybe your feelings just happen to sound like an elephant with Irritable Bowel Syndrome?
$C: I did the same, picked it up after 5 years. It's like riding a bike. Takes a little while to get back up to speed, but totally doable and worthwhile.
$C: I realized that as I grew older but it's still a passion. I cant play reed instruments either anymore thanks to some dental issues hence why I took on techno and guitar .. music still keeps me moving though that's all I know
$C: I only had that time because I was in school then
$C: Mom and dad going through divorce when I graduated, me end up having to work fulltime right out of school as the oldest sibling.  Supporting mom little bro and sis.. couldn't really do both especially the crap hours I work now. I've just been in a sticky situation trying to scratch my way out if it with out letting the family down. That and job opportunities where I live either pay minimum wage or require a degree which throws me into the typical loop of choosing keeping my siblings alive. I dont really want to talk to much about it because my options I know of arent really great I already have to deal with my anxiety on top of the big wallop of hard life.
$C: That is sad.. but keep it up! Maybe his spirit will boost you forward. I remember my instructors. My first one was AMAZING Mr. Bellati I could never forget his name and his ways of teaching. If it was not for him or my karate instructor I do not think I would be remotely close to who I am now as a person the discipline, respect and dedication you need to have and practice to achieve greatness
$C: Yea I take pride in being a geek! I think flute is harder and more challenging at least you don't have to worry about changing reeds and breaking them 
$C: What!? I've never even thought of the mix!
$C: Not for music though. Its really better as a hobby, the job market for music majors is about as abysmal as it gets unfortunately.
$C: Wait wtf is this?
$C: You're a good person. We show all do it.
$C: Not stupid at all. I’m going to send one as well! I was looking for a donation page or something so maybe they could help more people out but not seeing one! 
$C: I want to do something to support this business, but not sure what I can do.
$C: I wish I could gift them an updated website design. Totally not a developer though.
$C: Thanks, I noticed the Miami address but figured they changed the spelling of 'centre' for their online presence, as many do. I edited my comment.
$C: At least we haven’t crashed their website yet 
$C: Website hasn’t been updated fully since at least 2016. They have a quote somewhere on there that says “allegro turns 36 January 2017”
$C: It's the same url
$C: SemCo represent
$C: We did it! I get an error "Bandwidth Limit Exceeded".
$C: awww we killed it =( 
$C: All part of an elaborate, 9 1/2 year viral marketing campaign involving OP's mom.
$C: This is unreasonably funny to me. 
$C: >Their VEGAN Korean brisket duck fat tots are off the hook.

FTFY
$C: :D
$C: It’s like a rusty trombone but with a croissant.
$C: ahh you're bringing back my bad undergrad memories :(
$C: This is what people want when they say 'small businesses'.
$C: Someone is cutting onions
$C: Why are my eyes getting soggy after reading this? The air must be dry 
$C: I want you to find that guy and hand him a crisp $100 bill. I’m serious.  
$C: For what it’s worth, food health code likely wouldn’t let them take it back anyways.
$C: I work at an engineering firm, and they encourage employees to volunteer and do charitable work, so they can brag about how generous their employees are on their website. I have always felt charity is a deeply personal act and none of their business, so I don't participate in company organized "charity" events. So I get branded as someone who doesn't care. But the way I was raised...man, you don't brag about that stuff, and you definitely don't use it to market yourself or your company. But it raises an interesting dilemma: is doing good still the right thing in these situations? I mean, it still helps folks I guess. What does Reddit think? Maybe I should get off my high horse...
$C: Everyone knows people that work at corporations don’t have families to feed. They are emotionless robots 
$C: Yeah, people don't realize that big corporations get donation requests *constantly.* When I worked in retail management ages ago, I would deal with 50-75 donation requests every week. They would range from letting some kids setup outside the doors and ask for donations (sorry, I know we're a massive company, but we have a landlord who doesn't allow it. People couldn't grasp this), to large and small monetary donations or gift card donations. We simply could not fulfill every request, but did our best to meet as many as we could and respond to everyone.
$C: Its a win win. The company helps people and gets a good reputation as a result. 
$C: It's not what you're speaking of, but when I found out I was losing my job (my last employer ceased to exist after 18 years working there) I called up the local bank I have my mortgage through and they were willing to work with me on payments if needed. I never found out exactly what they were willing to do as I found another job almost immediately, but if you have hard times it's worth seeing if they can do something to help. 
$C: Some banks kinda do. They won't forgive the payment (you still owe the money and need to pay it back) but if you had good credit beforehand they will work with you on a easier payment schedule or defer payments or stuff like that. Many banks would rather you have an address than go bankrupt or go homeless. 

Its both humane and good business - a homeless, bankrupt person is no longer a customer.

That said, there are plenty of banks out there that would rather screw you today than make money tomorrow, so your mileage may vary.
$C: Yeah, I can imagine how that bank would go bankrupt and all its creditors' life savings were gone. I'd rather not live in that world.
$C: Mostly I just stay logged in, and Chrome and RES remembers it otherwise. If for some reason I needed to I need to, I can recreate it fairly easily though. There's method to the madness. 
$C: password manager? What is that? I just remember most my passwords since there are like 5 variations of different ones and if I really can't remember, I just reset the fucking thing. 
$C: What?
$C: And my mom ended up going back to nursing school and just bought her very first brand new car a few weeks ago. She texts me every once in while about how much she loves it lol
$C: Can second this! The ripple effect is really wide when a friend dies. It's normal to be upset and affected, even if you didn't know them well.
$C: Rude
$C: Eeesh. 
$C: American here. We usually do spell it "center". "Centre" is only used here to sound prestegious.
$C: Link? 
$C: Pretty sure Flordia is one of the only states to have all arrests as public record. Hence why all terrible sounding crimes come out of Flordia.
$C: To allow everything to be publicly scrutinised for fairness and corruption. Prevents police from making people disappear.

Sucks to be made public but safer than hiding it..in theory at least
$C: oh shit that’s rough
$C: [deleted]
$C: “We have the meat sweats”
$C: I can’t fuck a Wendy’s burger smh
$C: I have but I know I still don’t fully understand what all she has done for my brothers and I. As I’ve gotten a little older and making my way through college I’ve begun to help pay the bills/take care of the house and such. It’s the least I could do for her after all she’s done for us. 
$C: Wh-wha-whattttt?!
$C: Good gravy, back when I went to HS they just let us borrow the stuff with a Credit Card deposit receipt that if it's damaged beyond repair that we'd have to pay for it. Not even a great school, just an awesome band director who probably got them donated I suppose. Damn, I'd send the guy an email but I know he's passed away already. 
$C: Weed, pizza, corsair rbg stuff
$C: This is such a bullshit comment. A company that has lasted for 100 years could close up shop tomorrow. Just because something has been here for a long doesn't mean it will continue to be here for a long time. You literally know nothing about this company other than its name, but you have decided that they don't deserve the charity. 
$C: It's because it has the phrase trump in the title (trumpet)
$C: KUDOS TO YOU!
$C: Yeah I'm good now I'm a pretty successful chef and I've been blessed with the opertunities to take care of my mom and repay some of the many things she did for me  as an adult but reading this took me back to some less easy times 
$C: Pun intended!
$C: *Snared* a new way to *beat* the *crashing symbols* that play us!(money, the tune we dance to.)
$C: That’s possible, but what’s also possible is that OP posting this on Reddit now (as it currently stands at #1) will have a far greater reach than one person helping another person directly (the shop owner forgiving the debt to his mother). That’s what’s so cool about life. Good vibes are exponential. 

I bet OPs post will  make at least a few people  go a little bit out of their way tomorrow to make someone else’s life a little better. 

It doesn’t take much and posts and story’s like OP make the world better regardless if OPs mom went full circle on the debt and paid it forward. The whole story is paying it forward now that 50K people have upvoted this. 

Chaotic — your comment had 5 downvotes before I replied, 6 when I started to reply. And now that I’ve thought about it more, you’re getting an upvote (total score -4)

... all it takes a little shift in perspective to spread positivity ya know?

Also, side note ... pretty cool how something in the bottom of a drawer in and old file cabinet one day, can now the next day serve as a vessel to inspire kindness and generosity in others around the world !?   
$C: > Nearly a decade has passed since that letter

Stop hurting me. 
$C: >2009

I'm like that was like back when they were still using paper to write letters to people and even signing it with a pen. 
$C: Yeah, OP may just be 18-24 himself.
$C: Well that just brought the mood down
$C: It's half a 20yo's life
$C: Yep, I loved the separate yet equally challenging aspect of learning to make/adjust reeds. I always liked making “crafty things”, and learning to make reeds was a whole other aspect of playing a double reed instrument that some people never learn how to do.
$C: Haha you kind of missed the point of the story! But yes, we’re in California. This wasn’t through courts this was between them personally. He hasn’t seen them in a year.
$C: That’s really sweet, my friend has said the same thing about her experience as a single mom. I know my niece is what has pulled her through this mess. I’ll relay your message to her :)
$C: Some people are not interested in celebrating the joys of others, even if it involves family. And many choose to ridicule instead. Then those people don’t understand why they end up alone. It’s very sad for everyone. But there is no easy fix. 

I would invite your husband to go and grab himself an instrument of any kind now, and play it (good, bad, whatever) just for fun, maybe telling himself how good he is doing as he goes. Some of us end up having to parent ourselves- but that can be very healing.
$C: >What's with the quotation marks though?

Because this is Reddit and major karma whoring? It seems odd to me to post someone's entire unique name at all, especially odd if that person has a sordid criminal history--but of course OP might just be naive or doesn't care.
$C: He says he's 33 now so in 2012 when this woman was 35 he would have been 27.
$C: [deleted]
$C: wow you mean you typed her name into google and read a news article

thats some CSI: miami stuff
$C: I don't think now is the time to argue about who killed whom. So maybe my mother helped kill a few people, who here can honestly say theirs hasn't? The important thing is, she didn't make some payments on a trumpet once.  

$C: I literally still have four pairs of identical underwear from 2009 that I wear most days. 

(They're brilliant... should have bought ten pairs)
$C: [deleted]
$C: What are you talking about? He was just suggesting that OP donate it to somebody in need if he's not that attached to his trumpet.
$C: > How dare you say that one student doesn't deserve to try and learn to play just because another student wants to learn.

I didn't say that at all.  How dare you mis-read my comment.

I don't know if you read the letter but the free trumpet came with a request from the giver 

>"Maybe you can help some other student someday when times are better".  

If OP is old enough (hence why i asked how old his is) and not playing anymore (hence why i asked his attachment to the instrument), my suggestion was to pay-it-forward.
$C: Address it how? The fuck you want us to do? Down vote the post? Lol
$C: 😱
$C: It’s because that’s the spirit. They didn’t pay (in full) for it.
$C: I have a habit of googling unique names out of curiosity. There can only be one Tekethia Ruffin in West Florida. And normally I wouldn't comment on it, buy this was far to interesting too ignore
$C: Umm. shouldn't they be beaten with either an oboe or a viola? :-)
$C: I was totally trying to be funny and provocative only.  I play rarely as an adult, but do love my tenor.  

The big advantage to trumpet over sax, is that trumpet can be a melody (played solo) where a tenor sax is nearly always a harmony (requires others to join in too).  Maybe I'm wrong about that, and I would love for a sax aficionado to show me otherwise  (showing me a new world of possibilities for my interest in the process).

 
$C: Why what?
$C: I'm not American, but this is exactly what's wrong with the American economy.  Big corporations are willing to hurt other people and sabotage good things in order to make personal profit.  Aren't you happy with your million dollar a year salary? Is that not enough?

$C: Yes you can! After YEARS of school; however you  will only earn a little more in $ than minimum wage. But the return is worth more than $ if it’s your passion. 😉
$C: My last skydives were with my son in 2003. Seems like yesterday. In fact the plane we jumped from in 2003 was the same plane that I made my first jump in in 1981. It had been 20 years since I had been in that plane. I swear it felt like it had only been a couple of weeks.

For all you younguns out there you will know what I'm talking about sooner rather than later. Time speeds up with every birthday. 
$C: Wow you are jaded and I pity you.
$C: I was making a joke, but if you think Dizzie Gilespie is bad music, then you need to rethink your whole life. The only way your comment could be worse is if you said Louis Armstrong was bad music.
$C: You're not helping. 2009 was like a week ago. Right? :(
$C: Fucking auto correct.
$C: Neither is the chiropractor your gonna need once your tubaficionado.
$C: That's what I was thinking, but I wasn't sure how good of an idea it was. Thank you. :)
$C: I think this whole social media craze started a few years after that. But I could be wrong, also. Years don't matter anymore. I'm a dad now.
$C: That’s all that was asked for.  Great story.  Thanks 
$C: I figured it was real. Not debating or doubting that... I was just taken aback as that a letter from 2009, is being referred to as "old"...
 I realize it's almost 10 years, but still
 Took me off guard. 
$C: I have, when I have some free time and need to relax but keep my mind going.

I regret it because I was really good, it was a dick thing to do, and I loved the piano. Influence of my friends wasn't great. They weren't even that great of friends in the end, which makes it worse. 
$C: 4th sentence.
$C: I've since bought another alto (much older and cheaper), and all the while, I had my tenor and cheap Chinese curved soprano, but I had a YAS-62II that was all my own, and had it since new. It was so pretty, and played so easily (as I'd expect from a Yamaha). I could certainly buy another now, but it's one of those "wish I didn't sell that car" kinda things; you could buy it again, but it wouldn't be the same, and you don't really need it.
$C: Yes, and grateful for such people in the world. 
$C: Holy shit balls
$C: Good one sparky. 
$C: Lol shit, y'all are grumpy today.
$C: Sure, thanks for the sage advice. Although judging by your prolific comment history, you might be the real jerk.
$C: You have been banned from /r/washington
$C: that was literally the joke I was trying to imply here. but I get it’s the internet hard to be obvious. 
$C: like everyone else who assumes this is as wholesome as it seems at first glance?
$C: >Not professionally haha, I still practice with it occasionally as a hobby

The person who gifted it to them did it with the caveat that basically when they lost the passion, they would give it back for another person to be able to use. OP did not keep their end of the bargain
$C: [removed]
$C: [deleted]
$C: No, this was a business owner being kind to his customer, because they are both human beings and share a personal bond through direct interaction,  rather than two unrelated entities, unequal in size and power, tied into a complicated algorithm.
$C: I own 2 pianos and a violin. I know what I'm talking about 
$C: [deleted]
$C: that's just 3000 night
$C: >wholesome

Reddit's favourite buzzword.
$C: Be careful you don't get the ole' bait and switch pulled on you. That could've been your male gym teacher for all you know. 
$C: Denial is powerful.
$C: Dude that’s a mouthful haha but it sounds awesome! Would add a lot of flair to restaurants and stores
$C: Well, it would be Sir Samuel or Sir Samuel Walton but never just Sir Walton
$C: If you guys hadn't turned traitor, you could have had the Royal Arkansas Piano Jamboree!  ;)
$C: So... Walmart? 
$C: Op pls!!! 
$C: >Reddittor

>Communicating with other people

Pick one.
$C: Because he can still always send another. Even if they already got one tank you card or letter, sending a second one would still be just as rewarding to that person as the first. Especially if it's an update about their life. 
$C: Thank you! 
$C: *flicks toothpick into your face*
$C: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Idn7ODPMhFY
$C: "Nobody.. messes.. with.. the bad guy" https://youtu.be/WCpFLjK5QT4 (@ 1:12)
$C: Cut my music. You know big Kevin and I were backstage and hearing you all talk about tough titties lasting and blowing horns, and we just wanted to let you know that. We don’t care
$C: Was looking for this.
$C: Now that is a name i've not heard in a long time..
$C: \- Michael Scott 
$C:  yes... it REALLY IS!! It was my first motivational I read as a teen. 
$C: No, he meant Michael Scarn. 
$C: Take it easy comic book guy. 
$C: Bears
Beets
Bad attitude.
$C: *Username checks out....?  probably*
$C: With limoncello cream.
$C: As a clarinetist, I cannot bore to reed such puns.
$C: lol I love reddit sometimes
$C: terribly good
$C: Maybe French horns (otherwise known as croissants) 
$C: Perhaps apologise for Reddit taking down his website with a hug of death

$C: I’m sure a simple beet would do. 
$C: Or chocolate trombuns even
$C: Damn you for putting a smile on my face
$C: It is often said that the pun is the lowest form of humor, which is sad. You all need to band together to drum up some symphony. 
$C: Take your damn upvote 
$C: done, don't send me gold, send it to his store
$C: done
$C: Let's not downplay it... I'm thinking karma billions.
$C: What about a locked safe??
$C: waiting on my retirement gold now, please
$C: Queue Boy George:

*"Karma Karma Karma Karma Karma Ka-miiiiilllliiiiiionnnnn*
$C: Invest!
$C: DO IT! 
$C: RemindMe!
$C: Guys, start thinking of good comments for the inevitable post - witty puns, warm regards, potential memes, horrible yet funny jokes. You know the drill. And I'll compile them, so just send em to me

\*twirls mustache\*

$C: Apparently it’s only worth about 8K.
$C: Why make millions, when we can have... 8k?
$C: >karma-millions

So.... nothing....
$C: !remindme 1 day
$C: The letter asked that OP’s mom pay it forward, not OP. And OP may never have known about this situation before now. Don’t be so judgmental. 
$C: Donuts arrived my dude 
$C: I am not ashamed to admit I've driven an hour to Clermont just to pick up a dozen of their donuts. They really are friggin amazing. 
$C: Donuts to Go in Sanford. Trust me.
$C: Donuts II Go in Sanford has better glazed and maple bacon, in my opinion.  That said, Donut Central & Fuelpresso on the corner of Aloma/436 has the best Old Fashioned donut.  It legit tastes like a fluffy, crisp sugar cookie.  🤤
The owner is also the best.  Incredibly kind and generous.  
$C: GO GO GO. DONUT TEAM GO!
$C: Reddit is counting on you neighbor 
$C: Pics or it never happened.

Edit: it did happen!
$C: godspeed
$C: HURRY
$C: Godspeed, and please not Dunkin Donuts!
$C: update friend
$C: I put the wrong one initially. Here's the correct one.
http://www.allegromusiccentre.com/new/
$C: Probably. Or maybe Longwood. I love seeing local stuff like this on the front page.
$C: Saw your update. You're a Reddit hero! Post this on r/Pics!
$C: did you actually not go in there
$C: Nothing personal, Jim.
$C: God damnit
$C: Never change, reddit.
$C: LOL this made me laugh much harder than it should have.
$C: Master, forgive me... 
$C: She studied Wesley Snipes? No wonder she sucks paying bills. 
$C: She certainly has an edge in life 
$C: /r/MasterForgiveMe yeah you know you are curious so check it out and notice me senpai 
$C: Ahahahajaha
$C: The way you look at the world makes you seem like a very careful individual.
$C: Dear Mr Jones,

I got bills and shit. 

- Mom


$C: It’s not often you hear the word “OP’s mom” followed by something positive on the internet. 
$C: She can play that trumpet with her asshole.
$C: She also gay.
$C: Baby (wood)peckers
$C: Or, he could set something up that has the potential to help kids for years to come. Unlike $500 on its own.
$C: People being lazy isn't a good reason not to do something.
$C: Read my entire post please.
$C: I'll pitch in a fiver too.
$C: If someone makes a legit place to donate, I’m good for 5 bones 
$C: Grab your 40, lets get keyed.
$C: I’d like to help as well. Please loop me in when you find a way to do this. 
$C: I'm happy to donate a fiver too
$C: I've got about two fiddy. Not even joking. 
$C: Can donate $5 as well!
$C: I'm in
$C: sounds like youre in charge of this shit, where do we donate?
$C: I have an actual trumpet he can have for a worthwhile high school student.


$C: Luniz? 
$C: I really want to get behind the whole $5 thing but how do i know OP isnt the music shop owner in an elaborate ruse to increase instrument sales?

*pondering* 
$C: 
Absolutely
$C: Yep
$C: $5.99
$C: Yeah I'll do 5.
$C: Id put $5 to it.
$C: I'm good for $10
$C: I am in.
$C: Im down to give 250 pesos too
$C: Yup!
$C: Trumpet player and music teacher here. I’m in for $10! (And I’ll do one rental for him as soon as I can budget it) 
$C: No money to send, well at least we can leave good reviews on google. Get them some business. 
$C: Nope. Live in Seattle.
$C: We killed his website. Says it’s reached bandwidth limit. If we can get an email address, we can send through PayPal. 
$C: Reddit hug of death
$C: Im happy to donate but don't want to bombard the store. As anyone reached out? If the store outs something on their www for a fund ir similar I'm in.
$C: Oops... Now someone needs a donation of some extra hamsters to run their webserver 
$C: Reddit hug of death on their website. I’m in for a five spot! 
$C: Think we killed it :/
$C: >The Story of Allegro

>After finishing West Virginia University, Jim(along with his wife Karen) spent 5 years teaching elementary,junior high and high school band in Fayetteville, WV. After taking his band to Cherry Blossom Festival in Washington, and Gimbals Christmas Parade in Philadelphia, he and Karen moved to Orlando in 1973. After teaching at Maitland Junior High four years, he became manager of band instruments for Streep Music lor,4 years. Then in 1981 Jim and his father-in-law Howard Osborne formed Allegro Music.

>After 2 successful seasons in downtown Orlando, they lost their lease due to high rise construction. They moved the store to its present location in October 1983. Being a former band director, Jim was sensitive to the needs of Central Florida music teachers. He purchased FBA music so that the students and directors could get their music in atimely fashion. He maintained a list of qualified private music teachers on all instruments, because the shopping center would not allow private teachingin the store.

>Monica Mora was hired 4 years ago to travel to middle and high schools delivering materials and repaired instruments. She can be reached a 407-949-2067 for deliveries to your school.

>Jim still teaches trumpet and French horn privately(4O7-221-4056). His former students include the 1st Trumpet in Florida Orchestra in Tampa, Trumpet professor and chairman of music depaftment at Truman University, lead trumpet for Natalie Cole's concerts, and severalpracticing band directors.

>Karen maintains a private piano studio(407-221-4058) and is always eager for new students. January 2017 Allegro will be 36 years old.
$C: Their site still says 2016.  Seems like they're either really bad at maintaining and updating it or they're out of business.
$C: Looks like it's back up and they put a tank you to reddit on there and suggested people donate to their local programs.

From the site:

Thank you!
Hello Everyone! I just wanted to take a quick moment to say thanks for the heart warming outpouring response to a letter written in 2009 that find its way to Reddit recently. We have been overwhelmed with the positive response, it has been so encouraging and uplifting. You may have noticed our site went down early this morning from the mass response, but we have fixed that and will continue to try and keep up with that. We love hearing from you and your own stories that this letter has reminded you of. One thing that we have always wanted to do is have a rental scholarship fund, where we could help more students access music education by either providing a free months rent or a full school year rental based on need. This is something we will be setting up in the coming days' so stay tuned! In the meantime, one of the most impactful things you can do is to visit your local music store, purchase an instrument and donate it to your local youth orochestra or a local band program. Again, we thank you for your awesome response and we look forward to serving our local communities with music education for years to come.
$C: It's been hit be the good old Reddit "Hug Of Death". Lol
$C: !Remindme 1 day
$C: His website is currently in the reddit hug of death!
$C: Someone needs to use spellcheck on that /new page.
I'll send $5 towards a new keyboard or web dev.
$C: Can one of us design a better website for him? 
$C: I mean, it's one banana, Michael. What could it cost? Ten dollars? 
$C: My opinion:  $80-150 for chinese junk from amazon - that I wouldn't feel good about donating anyway.  But $4-500 for a good used Bach TR300 trumpet (with a mouthpiece) - that is actually worthy of a multi-year rental, and worth repairing/maintaining - (OK, may also be made in China in some cases, but quality will be better).

Perhaps $1200 and up for a new one.
 
If I were going to donate trumpets, I'd go to reverb.com, and pick up a couple of used Bach TR300 trumpets in the $3-400 range, and donate away.  I'd probably be willing to help select good ones for whoever the buyer ends up being, unless someone else wants to.
$C: Heck yeah... I'll kick in $20 also!  Is there a go fund me?  Scholarship fund for deserving trumpet players for store whose owner performed an act of kindness without though to glory or recognition years ago to a single mother.  
$C: a good one is easily hundreds. for a student just learning, maybe $250 for a used one. $350+ for a brand new cheap model. they can break $1000 for professional models
$C: Depends on a lot of factors.

Some could cost 100s, others thousands.
$C: Musician' Friend lists a "Student B flat Trumpet" for about $250 US
$C: When I was in middle/high school renting a trumpet from this place it was about 2 grand total cost, we paid about 40 a month. They had rent to own program on instruments. This is really awesome, studying music as a kid and playing trumpet specifically made me into the person i am today. This post warms my heart! 
$C: Tree-fiddy! 
$C: I can also transfer some BTC or ETH to a legit wallet 
$C: Hey there, I got one started but need some help in how everything works \(especially with funds in $ since I apprently need to be a US citizen, which I am not\). I really want to get this going!
$C: Small music stores are often in pretty rough shape these days. The internet has killed, or is killing, all but the most hardy/stubborn local stores (which is a shame, because it's hard to buy the right instrument if you can't try a bunch of them). I'd be surprised if this guy is making a killing running his music store. He's still in business, though, so he must be doing something right (looks like he focuses on the niche of renting to schools and students).

Anyway, seems like chipping in to pay for a trumpet or two for the store owner to give away isn't such a terrible idea for paying it forward *and* helping out a small business owner who was kind to a kid and a struggling mom (and this probably isn't an isolated incident).
$C: It's so the shop keeper can give them to someone who can't afford them...
$C: I am guessing if Reddit donated 2 trumpets so that he could give them to kids who can't afford them, would probably make his year. he seems like that kind of person.
$C: A few others have mention this below but I think that one is in Miami and this is probably the store - 
http://www.allegromusiccentre.com/new/ 
$C: It doesn't,  he's assuming. 
$C: Following headline: Floridaman snorts firecracker dust and dies after smoking
$C: If it says ‘Florida Man’ at the beginning of the title, is it guaranteed to be a ridiculous story?
$C: How much more until we (Florida Man of course) offset the negative Karma?
$C: Headline: Child brutally murdered by mother with trumpet, and a bone to pick!
$C: I run
$C: I have family in Florida- they tell me that part of the reason why "Florida man" is a thing is because Florida has unusual laws that make arrest records very public very quickly. 

Florida Man is EVERYWHERE. You just don't know it. 
$C: Floridaman swings around aimlessly.  Sometimes it knocks a cat out of a tree but mostly he has twenty needles in his arm and scream about Obama’s Chem trails
$C: but other times ? He's not a man to mess with .....
$C: Most always in my experience.
$C: Once 
$C: Sometimes he beats a woman with her pet dog.
$C: when I'm awfully low
$C: A lot of media outlets will have headlines such as 'florida man does x...' as a general way to reference a random guy in Florida doing something. The joke here is that they're all the escapades of a singular person getting into extraordinary situations. 
$C: Large amounts of air vacated my normal sized nostrils at this comment
$C: Nostrils like trumpets. Big trumpets.
$C: Holy nostril, Trumpetman!
$C: I’m more curious about the sound that sneezing out a trumpet would make... 
$C: Florida. Lots of good blow out of Miami.
$C: Comments like this are why I always come to reddit.
$C: /r/switcharoo material. Somebody else do it though. 
$C: Find good people, deal with them - make relationships.

The others, brush them off - they'll never be good neighbours.
$C: I find it is more common with stores like these. These types of actions is what makes it so the school's band teacher's will tell parents to go to the store for instruments for their kids. Sure some will go to a big box store but very few big box stores do rentals so most will go to them because they are the local friendly place that everyone recommends. 

Additionally these are the types of items that people want to buy from caring individuals and not just a robot.
$C: There’d still be a need for trumpets under socialism, or any other economic system.

These people sound compassionate, I doubt their business is driven by profit as they wouldn’t be giving away trumpets to the less fortunate otherwise.

This is all an assumption, however. Maybe they treat their employees terribly, but i doubt that because of this post.
$C: I concur 
$C: i play a running mental word game where i come across two words where changing/adding one letter produces opposite meanings for the two words (like feast / fast), so thank you i can now add "contest / content" to the list
$C: Surely it should be "beautiful women and blow".
$C: You mean Flavor Aid.
$C: Seems like Forbes took inconsistency to a whole new level
$C: I dig this quote.
$C: I know y'all is joking but tambourine really does require skill to play and if you are good at it you should be proud
$C: Do you play it with the nipples you have on your dick?
$C: /r/bedroombands
$C: I’m pretty good at the ‘Boner
$C: Man I would play a great cowbell or kazoo
$C: More cowbell, anyone?
$C: Need more cowbell
$C: I can play a mean acoustic theremin if you need me.
$C: I bagsy triangle
$C: Nippled, for her pleasure. Or yours, I don't know.
$C: Hey! Mr. Tambourine man, play a song for me
$C: But are you... [this good](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kruASSL78m8)?
$C: Sorry, we need more cowbell.
$C: If we play *In the Hall of the Mountain King* I can accompany you fine gentlemen on my recorder
$C: We’ll record in Canada... on me
$C: https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedditSymphony/

$C: FYI - [r/CFB already created a Reddit band]
(https://www.reddit.com/r/CFB/comments/7abz25/rcfb_marching_band_presents_boomer_sooner/)
$C: I'm good with groupie work.  *wink*
$C: [Relevant Vulfpeck](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kruASSL78m8)
$C: YouTube pulled of an orchestra a few years ago with just people auditioning by video. Maybe reddit could pull it off too. 
$C: I used to play triangle in a Reggae band... Used to stand at the back an ting
$C: https://youtu.be/IeIwLrBT5Nc
$C: I am, thank you.
$C: He gave you the gift of music, you don't need his guitars. He would be the first one to tell you that no doubt.

$C: Congrats man. Life gets better every day I'm sober. 

Fist bump!

Edit: oops, I mean fist tap I guess 😉
$C: I'm actually in the Midwest. Thanks for the tip though!
$C: Curious. What is DCA?
$C: And if you’re late, you’re history!
$C: For us, we were there at 5. For homecoming, 3:30 and we didn't have time to practice (parade started at 5 and we needed to uniform up)
$C: Not to mention there's just no time for drama, even within the team. I remember that at the first hint of drama, our coach would all but smack us upside the head and tell us to knock it off, we can't function as a team if there's any drama. We were only 12 girls. The band had a lot of drama, but it was NOT accepted in the guard.

I'm a youth group leader, and this year my girls are in 6th grade. One of them just joined color guard/winter guard, and I'm so proud of her! My school never had a winter guard, unfortunately. Too small. She's going to make a great guard!
$C: Here in Beijing, that's a super common sight. Whole classes sometimes go out into parks and just jam away. I have a video on my phone somewhere of this pack of people with saxophones playing different things all at once as I walked through the area...it was noisy but also kind of awesome and surreal to experience. 
$C: Practices? Or just plays? I wouldn’t wish my practicing on anyone’s ears. Repetitive tonguing, vibrato, scales and patterns in all keys, etc, Playing is totally different. 
$C: A gal in my neighborhood practices her bagpipes in the park.
$C: Hello i am neighborhood guy
$C: When I threw papers I saw a dude in his back yard jamming on the alto sax all the time.
$C: The park by my house always has people playing music. Guitars are most common, but saxophone, trumpets, flutes are around at least once a week.

Fire spinner people come out around sunset too. It’s an interesting park. 
$C: There's a spot near my apartment in NYC where the busses sit when they're getting ahead of schedule. One of the bus drivers practices funk trombone while he's waiting.

[Funky trombone](https://i.imgur.com/2hkIU2b.jpg)
$C: When I was in halls at uni my flatmate practiced her violin in the park. 
$C: There's a bagpipe group that plays at the park near me every Sunday afternoon in the Summer.

I like bag pipes, but I also don't like bag pipes at times.
$C: Bremner practice mute is much, much better. I own the Silent Brass system and I do like it: other people can carry on a discussion in the same room as I'm playing in without my playibg disturbing them. But the big difference between the two is the much higher counter pressure of the Silent Brass. Playing with the Bremner mute feels much more natural and closer to playing with no mute at all.
$C: Yeah no excuses with Silent Brass. I played sax and I had no alternatives :(
$C: Can confirm it will work in an apartment.  I used it in my college dorm and it was great!
$C: Yeah a few people have suggested that and i might look into it. I hadn't heard of it before. Last time i played i just used a regular straight mute and tried to be kinda quiet...
$C: Go ahead, its inspired me my whole life and my dad probably doesn't even remember saying it
$C: Damn right.
$C: Lol I appreciate the thought, but I got no rhythm, and I've tried purcussion already it was '*ok*'
$C: Yea.. *mild sigh* I game but it's more like an addiction to pass the time, tbh it's mostly not even fun anymore, it was just a habit to escape my child hood
$C: Can't say I have.
$C: Oh sorry! I should edit to be honest I didn't even think about mum/dad  I just went with the "fathers 30 year old" part :)
$C: That is so wonderful. I always say that every single person on this planet will change the world, for better or worse, by the impacts we have on those around us. Those impacts create a butterfly effect, good or bad, to a degree we cannot begin to fathom.
$C: Well that wasn't what I was hoping for
$C: Don't play an instrument either and grew up on another continent. Just wanted to say hi too.
$C: Grew up in Longwood!
$C: I’m closer to UCF but we’re still neighbors ;) 

$C: Didnt live in Casselberry, but lived in Oviedo.  Hi!
$C: Must feel special huh? 
$C: There are dozens of us.  Dozens!
$C: Im so lucky i had a band director that was a huge fucking asshole, and pulled so much weight noone would dare skrew with his funding.
$C: I played up through college, but haven’t played for 15 years now.  Band provided the most lifelong lessons still- realizing I’m only one small part of the whole, but I still have to pull me weight.  Leadership.  Conflict resolution.  Starting an endeavor with the end in mind, and dedicating small, continuous efforts to see it through.  Accepting that no matter how hard I work some people will be naturally better than I.  Accepting that nonetheless, my contributions are not worthless.

Highly recommend band or a similar activity for young people.
$C: I was in band and hated it. I know how to read and write music but my teacher was an absolute asshole. I’m glad you had an experience like this. 
$C: > you should consider making a small donation

It might seem intuitive that jaceques4801 has some special debt because of the help he and his mother were given previously in life. However, I'm of the opinion that people who are suffering misfortune and receive help are not actually under a special obligation to help others because of the aid they received. I might sound unintuitive, but expecting this puts a specific burden on those are less fortunate to help others and takes the emphasis off of those who have always been fortunate (and are usually in a better position to help, anyway).

I think, instead, we all have an obligation toward this kind of mutual aid and heartwarming stories like this remind us all of this obligation. Especially those who were born quite fortunate and never had to rely on the charity or help of strangers.
$C: My son is in the marching band and we just found out he is in the competition band next year. The school lets the kids use their instruments for the year for a $25 fee but the other fees are crazy. This is a great idea to donate to a school or band booster program. 
$C: Inpkayed alto sax in 5th grade, fell in love with it, and coming into Middle School I was first chair over 8th graders. Reading the notes and playing the sax came naturally. Going into High School I stopped because I didn't want to be a "band geek" boy was I a moron. I left the single most influential thing in my life to not be labeled as a "band geek." Playing a instrument is a blessing and therapeutic. I wish I experienced what you had bro, good on ya.
$C: Ahh same here. I fucking hated playing marching baritone and having to get to school an hour before everyone else to practice. But looking back on it now, it was a lot of fun. Made  tons of really good friends too. Still can read/write sheet music too which is a neat skill to have. Bass and brass for life!
$C: i'm really lucky to play in orchestra in my school. A lot of the parents help donate money that we are able to have students in elementary up to high school have school instruments. 
$C: Band was absolutely a worthy investment, but fundraising was a bitch, man. My school's music program had the worst budget in the district so we had to do ridiculous amounts of fundraising.

They have a food stand at the town fair every summer and I make it a point to go get a cheeseburger from them lol. Even if it helps just a little bit.
$C: Don't forget, oftentimes donations to schools or school programs are tax deductible!
$C: >If you have a few extra bucks, you should consider making a small donation to a local public school band program.

This is basically why my mom's still part of the church. She (we, the kids) took part in quite a few church activities growing up and she's coming from a poor family herself. She says that it's no more than fair that she remains a member to keep such activities going.
$C: I played Tuba for an orchestra/winds ensemble and those were some of the best times of my life. Unfortunately the tuba is an extremely expensive instrument. Every once in a while I'll stumble across my mouthpiece and buzz through it until my lips are numb, which is about 15 seconds lol. My buddy brought over a pvc didgeridoo once and I had a blast working my chops with it. 
$C: You have any band tips bro?
$C: I wish I had stuck with it after I graduated. I really enjoyed it while I was in high school but the thought of competing for a spot in college as well as lack of time to devote to it once there were just too daunting. Also I played the french horn and only owned a very beat up single where as I had borrowed a double from the school. The idea of having to then afford a double at the time was just not feasible. Ended up selling the single to a friend's parents for their daughter, but I do regret that I was never able to continue on with it. I even think sometimes of maybe trying to buy one now and learning again, but it's hard to put time and money into something like that which I honestly think would just end up being a passing phase. 
$C: Yes please. My friends colleague died last week and his families request was to donate to his schools band. Music is therapeutic and the poorest kids need it the most. They have about 4k donated. A lot of kids are going to get instruments. Happy thoughts. 
$C: > how much fundraising we had to do

I got a taste of “Worlds Finest” chocolate bar when I read that. I think I was my own best customer with those things. 
$C: My school in Germany had payed music teachers, some pianos, some violins etc.  so that people who couldn’t afford an instrument could lend them.
It’s a public school.  Maybe a bit of socialism is better sometimes. 
$C: ... silence
$C: Band geeks are the best people. We’re back in 1930’s and are today!!  Higher graduation rates, better humans. I love your posts👍
$C: I’d say if he has the money, maybe also buy a trumpet from the guy, give it to another kid. 
$C: Or pay back the rent owed
$C: As a band director, this makes me happy. I was you in high school-the band geek of band geeks. I wanted to be a music teacher so badly and here I am doing it. I can only hope that I do my job well enough to inspire my kids to be lifelong musicians like you. 
$C: You aren't wrong. Music is a language all it's own and I loved the opportunity to try many instruments, finding my favorite in college ( contralto clarinet).

Another important lesson from band (or even choir)...how to be a strong link in a complex chain. There is so much to pay attention to, other instruments, tempo, volume, holds, and of course the notes themselves, all working together to make something beautiful.

One note poorly executed can ruin the feel of a piece for the entire ensemble. 
$C: People should [see what I did there?] try to remember not to use the word should.

Could is a much better alternative, floating the suggestion rather than making it sound a bit judgemental, like should does.
$C: They're still using it though! I think occasional practice is worthy of keeping it at this point.
$C: Nah, I say play it.  If he gives it up, well then, yeah.  But there's no expiration date on passion.  Or, at least I hope not.
$C: Or sell it for crack.
$C: I say keep it forever, but pay it forward by helping someone in need whenever OP can. 
$C: There is an organization that does this:  http://desertsounds.org
$C: Good call deleting all your comments, because this...

> You're missing the point. Sure he's getting enjoyment as a 'hobby' .. but there's a young child out there right now in his spot when he was a chile where his Mom can't make payments nor buy the trumpet outright. Give this child in his/her unfortunate situation the same opportunity that he was given! It's not like they paid their debt on the instrument and own it outright...it was forgiven. So pay it forward, and help a child out IMO

...is fucking stupid.

How about you give away every single thing you own because other people need it.  Your dumb logic applies to literally everything.
$C: But then he won't be able to play it anymore...
$C: What? He still plays it bro! But he could donate money...
$C: Lol, how about just finally paying the guy for the trumpet?  Times may be tough for him now as a small business owner.  Internet destroyed a lot of them.  Musical instruments ain’t cheap.
$C: >Play it forward man

FTFY
$C: Or if the sentimental value is too high and OP has a bit of disposable income: buy a new one for someone.
$C: No it's mine! My mom gave it to me!
$C: Mother of the kid: "No it's not brand new! NEXT!"
$C: Never encourage a person to give up their singular instrument if they’re still playing. Even if they’ve take a hiatus. 

You have no idea what an instrument means to a musician. Giving up an instrument of such sentimental value is like giving up a body part. Or a part of your soul.

Music heals. It’s therapeutic. It’s life saving.
$C: Tbh, trumpets take a lot of TLC after almost 10+ years of wear and tear. Valves wear. Sometimes you get rot from it not being cleaned as often as it should. That being said, a decent student trumpet is like $300. I had a Bobby Shue custom Z trumpet and had a pretty decent trumpet before that. I donated that one to the school because my mom is a single mom and she knew that someone would come along that needed a trumpet that couldn't pay for a new/used one. 


Also just a tip to anyone reading this... Don't ever buy your kid a $100 trumpet. It discouraged me more than anything because i couldn't get a good sound out of it. It taught me bad habits too. Go buy a used instrument for that price. It's much better than anything new. 
$C: I had an old snare drum kit from my drum set. I took it to the drum shop I got it from and told them to give it to a kid that really loves music and couldn't pay. 
$C: Thanks for the tip Muthafuckaaaaa 
$C: Well said but your username makes is so hard to imagine you looking any other way but like Samuel L. Jackson in Pulp Fiction. 
$C: ...why would he do that when he still plays? Pay it forward some other way.
$C: I gave my flute to a girl who wanted to play professionally but couldn’t afford one. She dropped out of community college because it was “too hard”, got pregnant, and now does nothing. 

I miss my flute. :( I want to play again. 
$C: What if op still can't afford one? What if the trumpet is his one and only possession like a teddy bear at an orphanage? 
$C: Bruh, after learning an instrument for a few years the sentimental bond which one has with it is insaaaaane. Or for me it is at least. I could never give any of my instruments up!
$C: That movie was good
$C: OP like nah, fuck that paying it forward imma keep it
$C: OP is lying he definitely plays professionally.
$C: Along with the letter
$C: I was given a classical back when my family couldn’t afford to get me one. Played it for about 18 years when I started to teach classical guitar. One student couldn’t afford one, so I lent him mine and then eventually gave it to him. At that point, I had gotten myself another one and held on to it for mostly sentimental reasons. Decided it was time to part with it for another aspiring student.
$C: Pay it forward.  Teach someone else to play
$C: How will he get better though
$C: [removed]
$C: [GIVE AN OLD INSTRUMENT NEW LIFE!](http://thejuniorjazzfoundation.org/) The Junior Jazz Foundation collects and pays to refurbish old instruments so that they become a key element of a students musical, educational and developmental journey. Donating an instrument today is a huge contribution to the Foundation and it’s easy to do.     

[Click here](http://jjf.thejazzcorner.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/Instrument-Donation-Receipt-JJF-Website-2016.pdf) to download a gift receipt for your donation.  You can then mail the instrument to the address on the form or drop it off at The Jazz Corner on Hilton Head Island, SC. [Click here](https://www.google.com/maps/dir/''/the+jazz+corner+google+maps/@32.159393,-80.8257879,12z/data=!4m8!4m7!1m0!1m5!1m1!1s0x88fc79a5e8cd1f2d:0x8a25eedf332d8c2e!2m2!1d-80.7557477!2d32.1594123) for directions.     


$C: Definitely keep it for sentimental value..but definitely buy someone that cannot afford an instrument one if you are in a position to do so..and mostly, take that attitude towards your children if and when you have them..it’s the most important lesson in the story.
$C: I’d keep it, his mom worked hard to give him that trumpet. Maybe OP can donate some nice ones and keep the sentimental one 
$C: I think it's even better if someone continued to play the same instrument. The guy was expecting it to be a lease, but now it has an owner.
$C: So easy for you to say...
$C: >Pay it forward man, give it to a young student that can't afford one!

This. That would be a really nice gesture, and I'm sure it would please Mr. Jones, the donor.

Better yet, if its affordable, you might consider subsidizing 3 trumpets for underprivileged children at a local music school in the name of Mr. Jones and your mother.  
$C: Yes! I work for a nonprofit doing fundraising for this kind of work right now. Every little bit helps. 
$C: No way man, we all know about r/Trupgret
$C: I agree 
$C: I agree ....Paying it forward is best! 
$C: When I played the trumpet, I played with one my teacher borrowed me, because he knew I couldn't afford my own.   
    
So do it! 
$C: yes! Give a young student this letter and tell that slacker to get a job
$C: Goddamnit Reddit
$C: Username makes me think it wasn't your own...
$C: > Whoever wrote this letter 

James W. Jones  
President & Founder  
[Allegro Music Centre](http://www.allegromusiccentre.com/new/)
$C: Yay, another gimmick account trying desperately to imitate a once original comedic idea! Just what we all need!
$C: WTF
$C: If you can find a funk jam, you'll be coveted as a trumpet player
$C: >  find some places to play

just try to avoid the areas around [this dude](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9E62iA6KCIQ)
$C: When my parents bought mine in the early 90s it was $700.  That was just your average run of the mill brass trumpet, not a silver one or anything fancy.
$C: Looked into it. Apparently, somewhere in the $88-$4,500 range. 
$C: A student trumpet is maybe a few hundred. A high end trumpet like a Bach Stradivarius is around $3000 or so new.
$C: Most trumpets worth anything will cost at least $500 new.
$C: Google shows them from around $85-250 for a full starter student kit. 
$C: I just picked up a Kanstul Chicago Model 1000 from the factory and it was $2440 out the door.  My Bach Strad from the 80s just didn't cut it anymore, especially after i got my kids Kanstul marching trumpets and they played better than the Strad.
$C: You can buy a cheap one on Amazon for $100.
$C: Store went out of business obviously
$C: >and stops playing the trumpet

>I still practice with it occasionally

Eh. I don't think the karma gods would be too damning.
$C: It goes away. Eventually it gets replaced with burning pain.
$C: You build up a tolerance to it after a while. Then it just takes longer and longer to get that feeling until one day you find yourself alone in a dark alley tongue-fucking the tailpipe of a Harley just to feel normal. A slippery slope indeed.
$C: That goes away...
$C: Something something OPs mom.
$C: That goes away
$C: [Holy shit](http://www.allegromusiccentre.com/new/) still there. What a place!
$C: I think most people are suggesting it as an alternative to paying it back monetarily, I think it's reasonable to keep it - likely no one else would really care (edit: care as in notice a difference) if he were to donate an equivalent used trumpet he would go out and buy or even the cost of it.

As an alternative to a random charity, paying it back in some form to a local music program would (imo) be more in the spirit of the original donator's good will (also school music programs aren't exactly funded very well, in my area anyway).
$C: True
$C: Jeebus that got dark quick.
$C: I think there's more than one woman with that name.
$C: Or a pianist... mmm steinways
$C: He did the math 


r/theydidthemath
$C: The retarded kind 
$C: Calm down sweetheart. It was a small mistake.
$C: Ah, makes sense.  I play guitar and I'd never want to be without a guitar in the house.  
$C: That escalated quickly
$C: Pshh... Any true band geek knows you don't March with a French horn.

You use a melaniaphone.
$C: Always provoking other countries leaders into who woodwind in a fight 
$C: *Sad trumpet sound*
$C: Total brasshole. 
$C: Fantastic hair
$C: I spent too much time trying to figure it out, but this is definitely /r/bestof material. 
$C: Grab 'em by Debussy

^(*Not a real song)
$C: OF COURSE LIBERAL SNOWFLAKES HAVE TO SHOW UP EVERYWHERE, THERE CANT JUST BE A NICE STORY WITHOUT SOMEONE MENTIONING TRUMP, HUH? HUH?

^/s^because^...^you^know^why
$C: I love this place 
$C: Always tooting his horn
$C: Nah,  sucks. 
$C: trumpdonald.com
$C: Definitely tweets??
$C: i can see how that would help in this case, but how would you get the cardgame case without going extremely difficult.
$C: He had a lot of sax appeal.

He played other things too...

...like church league basketball. 

$C: >play sax
  
Is that what a southerner calls a game of Hide the Cigar?
$C: Or, rather had his sax played,
$C: Good old [Scunthorpe problem]( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scunthorpe_problem) strikes again
$C: ^🎺 ^^🎺 🎺 ^🎺

^^^🎺 ^^🎺 🎺 ^🎺
$C: John Cena. 
$C: Timmy Trumpet of course
$C: YouTube Bob, of course.

He's too militaristic for my tastes.
$C: Mwap mwap mwap.
$C: AND MY AXE!
$C: Yes because the recent communist regimes were definitely an accurate representation of how communism truly works. 

/s if it wasn’t obvious. 
$C: Mental illness could be a factor.
$C: [removed]
$C: Never said it was political.
$C: Funny that you're a SJW behind a screen. ;)
$C: Lol,okay. Sure. 
$C: Yeah, it really is. Every time I post about it I end up watching it all over again. I've seen it probably half a dozen times now and it just gets better and better.

I'm glad you enjoyed it, too. 
$C: Sounds like directors have a lot on their plate, I'm presuming America since marching band aren't really a thing in most places. 
$C: My 6th grader (about to be 7th) is in beginning band  this year but auditioned a few weeks ago and made wind symphony for next year (above concert & symphonic in our school, although you probably already knew that) and he’s so excited. He just switched from alto to tenor sax (just brought the new sax home today) and can’t wait to get started. Band is the one class that he really looks forward to and a huge part of it is his band teacher.  He really likes her a lot and I couldn’t be more thrilled that she’s instilling such a love of music in him. None of us are musically inclined so it’s been a treat to watch!  You band directors are awesome. :-)
$C: ooh,that's a good one,I still love doing that!
$C: Any time you play is better than not doing it.  It's good for you, body and soul.  As a musician who also has a 9-5 completely unrelated to music (and my degrees in music), just do it when you can.  You'll never regret it. :)
$C: Got a Soundcloud or somewhere else to post your electronic compositions?
$C: Yeah for sure zero percent of you wants to play after those damn shifts.
$C: Techno Eh? What’s your Youtube?
$C: [deleted]
$C: If/when work dies down, get on Twitch. We'd love to see your practice sessions there.

Busk for bits. Make friends. Meet other musicians. Get inspired. Inspire others
$C: I have a little electronic drumset in the corner of a room which I bang on for 5 minutes at a time. It does a world of good for me.
$C: There are those who make excuse and those who make the excuse null and void. 
Be the better part of yourself. Never give up on what you want
 :)
$C: Never too late to start playing but the chances of living off music are next to none. That is if you're thinking about an orchestra and such, I'd say with enough work you could be a teacher or play in a band and possibly make a living but still that would take a few years. Still worth it even if it's only a hobby IMO.
$C: Then you can start composing.  Or was it D composing?
$C: Absolute pitch is insanely rare and is not at all required to get into music school. If you're going to Berklee or Julliard it can help but for a normal 4 year Uni you definitley don't need to have it.


$C: I like my expressive notes like I like my women...
$C: I laughed at this harder than I should have.
$C: Same goes for cello. The only emotion it really does is “morbidly depressing”.
$C: Tuba quartets are the fucking best

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9eaAdRflBlg](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9eaAdRflBlg)
$C: I didn’t mean it as an insult! I really like the clarinet. Sometimes the flute section gets too cliquey :(
$C: A lot of his music is pretty sad but it is beautiful. Hope you enjoy :)
$C: Give them five star reviews all up and down the internet. Facebook, Yelp, Google. Wherever you can review them at, give them those five stars

Edit: spelling
$C: Buy a harmonica from them, then learn to play it. They're cheap and easy to learn.
$C: Can we do a Reddit meet up and see if anyone wants to help?
$C: I am a developer, and it'd be hard to do right without contacting the development company that made it in the first place.  ("Hey, your design sucks I want to make a new one!") It's Joomla so not quite as simple as a new WP theme either.
$C: I’m glad you got it sorted out... but their correct website is on the letter....... right?
$C: > but figured they changed the spelling of 'centre' for their online presence, as many do. 

wat


$C: Patience. The hug takes time. 
$C: You spoke too soon....

:P
$C: It's dead.
$C: cent-re

cent-er
$C: Go... Sandhills?

What's our mascot, again? 
$C: Me too!
$C: That was printed this morning.
$C: You’re not alone 
$C: Yep.  Me scrounging around in my car seats for loose change to buy .10 tacos at a Taco Mayo.
$C: If you help others it's valuable to them and to you personally (even more to you). When you market your business that way - you still helping, just act of marketing it is cringy. 
$C: Definitely call. When I lost my job, our bank defered out mortgage for a couple months and I was able to hold my student loan payments for 6 months. Saved our lives financially and we never thought it was possible.
$C: My bank gave me $10,000 when I was forced to move out of the house I owned, and leave pretty much all my possessions behind: https://www.canberratimes.com.au/national/act/commonwealth-bank-gives-25-million-to-fluffy-customers-20141204-11zvis.html

$C: I imagine banks would rather get their money from a reliable payer than forclose and take a huge loss at auction.
$C: Because its the only world you know budd.

Change is scary and all that jazz.
$C: FU, but to remember where all the letters and pipes are must be hard
$C: This not nearly as secure though because if one site gets breached then they have all your passwords. Definitely use a separate password that you use nowhere else for your email and your bank. If you use a password manager you can make all your passwords look like W5Z2GgqlNH11De3T$4YI!gZWaz2skTMKU&bgTIy^ and it doesn't matter because you aren't typing it anyways.
$C: Oh your mom sounds awesome, glad she got a happy ending too 
$C: http://media.cmgdigital.com/shared/news/documents/2013/01/02/Ok_narrative.pdf
$C: thats not true at all. i would say its easily half, if not a large majority 
$C: [sunshine law](http://myfloridalegal.com/pages.nsf/Main/DC0B20B7DC22B7418525791B006A54E4)
$C: They print police calls and arrests with addresses and names in the paper here.  
$C: Yeah that's pretty much only in theory
$C: http://www.orlandosentinel.com/news/breaking-news/73783824-157.html

Yikes
$C: I was surprised  myself at the rental cost, you can split it into two payments through the school or monthly through the shop. In our middle school this year there were 140 (3 classes) beginning band students at least so between them and any returning students in advanced or symphonic band. well there are nowhere near enough to go around let alone take home and practice with.  What they do have is beat to hell. So they all use the same instruments at school and just bring their own mouthpiece but the one to use at home or for performances has to be rented. If you don’t pay it you literally can’t get your diploma when you graduate hs because the fee stays on your record like a lost book and they also won’t let them take it the next year. It’s really sad.
$C: ohhh you mean people of reddit not the owners of reddit?

I was going to say they don't have much money lol. Just the investor money that keeps this site up, because reddit doesn't make money yet.
$C: Nope, it's not a bullshit comment. Donate to a charity, this is a business. The owners are semi-retired anyways. 
$C: Ah.  I expect better from bots these days I guess.  Lol. 
$C: You're ignorant.
$C: Let me guess, you make tacos? (Username checks out?) 😃
$C: That's great.  Thanks for letting us know. 
$C: No need to blow your own trumpet
$C: Right, I'm all for that. But now that OP knows what the letter says, they can pass it on also, right? Especially considering all the fake internet points they got for posting the letter. I gave my upvote to the store owner with the heart of gold
$C: I'm like that was the year I had to line up in traffic to get to my shitty job. I laugh at that now, while I line up in traffic to get to my shitty job. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: That is incredibly true, that we sometimes have to parent ourselves. He was the epitome of a child of divorce - his dad, although a good guy and well meaning, started a new family, and his mother did as well, while also harboring grudges against his father that she took out on him. He was basically left to fend for himself from a fairly young age. 

Because he was told so often that he just gives up, he kind of internalized it. The only things he goes all out on are the things he was excited by as a child, escapism things like reading or video games. It’s so sad to me, because even though I also came from a divorce home and an abusive father, my mother was always humoring whatever new thing I wanted to try (to the best she could afford it, I realize now as an adult) and encouraging. She was okay with my becoming an artist; his family assumed he’d join the military (which if they even remotely knew their son, would know it’s he complete antithesis of him).

Because I was raised with an idea of “well, you’re interested in it, let’s give it a try,” I’ve tried to do that with him, too. For music, a few years ago he bought a ukulele of all things lol. He plays it off and on; I think this weekend I’m gonna encourage him to dig it out and play some more! Thank you, and sorry for the ramble 😊 
$C: Hmmm there's some tomfoolery going on
$C: >The city is usually considered linked to the Orlando–Kissimmee–Sanford Metropolitan Area.

I assumed Orlando was the city and Casselberry was in it's greater metropolitan area, I'm not familiar with U.S city structures.
$C: [Enhance](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/LhF_56SxrGk/hqdefault.jpg)

wow, you're pretty fucking edgy aren't you
$C: Shit lol
$C: Lol now that you tell that I just realized that the t shirt I am wearing is from 2009 :/
$C: Didn't even look at that. Fucking hell, they're can't be many of them in Florida. 
$C: Trolling. Look at his comments
$C: confirm, deny, add context? I don't know. It just feels like a weird and incongruent dead end on an otherwise very uplifting post. 
$C: No, he said return it if he stops playing it and loses interest. He still plays it. He never said return it if your son doesn't become the next Wynton Marsalis. 
$C: Seriously. Dude murdered a teenager in cold ass blood. The mom and the whole family sounds like a piece of shit.
$C: Church organs are more efficient, but we could start with a triangle first and slowly build it up to a crescendo. 
$C: I’m a brass guy, not a woodwind guy. But I would argue the history of jazz proves tenor sax is a solo instrument. 

It’s so hard to find a way to keep up with music as an adult if you’re not a professional or a music student. Look for community bands and other regular playing opportunities. Look for the subreddit for your instrument. There was a time I didn’t play music for years, and I really felt my life was empty without it. Now I’m playing more than ever before.

Check out r/theredditsymphony
$C: Why Google the name
$C: Pretty nuts helping a another person with something as trivial as paper (money) is so rare! Idk where your located lol but sounds like you get it!
$C: Yes jaded but I pity you’re ignorance of the world you live in.  People are so easily convinced by upvotes and comments that agree with each other in the echo chamber and can result in some incredible viral marketing.   Make no mistake, Reddit has a culture of thinking they are different and better than other social media sites but it is absolutely the same in terms of advertising.  It’s almost more sinister because it’s subtle.  Companies have been using charity work FOREVER because it is fantastic PR and the investment is very low compared to other marketing avenues.  I don’t know how long you’ve been on Reddit but after 9 years it is unmistakable how things have changed.  Many top subreddits constantly post about corporations and their charity work.

You’re extremely naive and I get that as you’re probably still pretty young and new to this site.  Ignorance is bliss though so maybe it’s not a bad thing.
$C: It’s a quote from Futurama, he was making a joke too 
$C: Dude 2009 till now is close to a third of my life
$C: Yes!  You're welcome :) . 
$C: I'm not sure. Facebook, at least, had become pretty popular by 2009, I think. I don't know about the other services. However, I don't think things like taking pictures of your food became a thing until a few years ago.
$C: I was just making a joke anyway, it is weird to think 2009 was 9 years ago though.
$C: Thanks man, no hard feels?
$C: oh no how will I live r/help
$C: Yeah, humans assume a lot (our brains are responsible for this and it makes sense from an evolutionary perspective).

Nice username, I used to be in love with dextro ╭(╯^╰)╮
$C: If you give me a thousand bucks and tell me to donate it to charity you bet your ass i’m keeping those thousand bucks. “bargain” my ass.
$C: Tekethia comes from the Roman TACITA
$C: Lol my guy, I’m not a music major student, I don’t play any instruments. Your logic is that either you become a successful famous musician or you’re a failure.
$C: I was trying to be generous and assume you were just ignorant. But if you know how expensive instruments are and still want to taunt someone whose mom couldn't afford one, then I guess you are just an ass. Congrats.
$C: >suck on deez nuts

No thanks, I’m a vagitarian. 
$C: And that matters why?
$C: [NOOOOO!!!!](https://youtu.be/DJdfca1yf4U?t=7s)
$C: It wouldn’t tho if everyone had a name like that
$C: Found the Summa Cum Laude Graduate of the Queen's Baccalaureate Academy of Pedantery and Pedagogy.
$C: Walton is sometimes used as a given name.  I also graduated from Queen's Baccalaureate Academy of Pedantery and Pedagogy.
$C: perhaps, but it also might have been the 495th Annual Harpsichord Exposition! 
$C: PLS
$C: Aren’t we communicating in forum form, with each other?
$C: I’m saying for all we know they could be in touch already.
$C: Sei sei sei sei sei! Hadu-gei desu-ne! Hooooo!
$C: - Wayne Gretzky 
$C: Boom! Freeze! Michael Scoon, FBI! You know what you did!
$C: ***Threat level midnight OST plays in background***
$C: And some madolines
$C: Are you from Xanth?
$C: I don’t know man, the puns seem to be top brass. 
$C: Sometimes? 
$C: Trebly good...FTFY
$C: Ooo and grilled bass for dinner?
$C: A drumstick perhaps
$C: 6.02 * 10\^^23 karma.
$C: Why make a billion when we can make... a million?
$C: billions and billions and billions and billions and billions 
$C: Let’s not downplay it... I’m thinking about the gold.
$C: Best I can do is 10 thousand.
$C: You are amazing! Thanks for the update! 
$C: He did it! 
$C: Should have started a separate thread.
$C: Too late he already done it
$C: I have to agree with this.
$C: Thanks! Looks like I replied to the wrong thread dammit! That’s what I get for using reddit late at night
$C: Are the all the same? The only one iv been to was in casselberry. I know there's one in new smyrna too
$C: Donuts to go in sanford is pretty solid as well.
$C: And I was going to go to 7-Eleven 
$C: Me too. It feels like I never see anything local. Well, except for the one time someone posted the Oviedo chickens. 
$C: we're already on /r/Pics :)
$C: I'm not a monster
$C: *personnel
$C: Fuck, I choked on my water from laughing at this. 
$C: NANI?!
$C: Jim. James. Jimothy.
$C: This thread. This thread was just enhanced. 
$C: What's this referencing?
$C: 1👍 *Redxsmoke likes this* 

Agreed

^^^Like ^^^Reply
$C: Reddit, Reddit never changes. 
$C: It was so funny because it came out of nowhere, like it suddenly teleports behind me.
$C: Same, my SO asked me what was so funny and I didn’t feel like explaining the whole neckbeard sword meme. 
$C: That's two words
$C: bitch
$C: no u
$C: It's not a matter of being lazy, 3/4's of Americans can't use deductions because they're to poor to even qualify for itemized deductions. 
$C: Ditto.
$C: At this rate, Bernie Sanders might win the election!
$C: Do they accept kidney?
$C: Same
$C: Agreed! And ditto! 
$C: Just mail them $5 in an envelope.
$C: I'll sort your other 2.5 clams and 5 from myself
$C: Omg me??!? Honestly I’m terrible at planning things, also I’m like 4 hours past my bedtime. I will set up a GoFundMe at my lunch break but really I’d be ever so grateful if OP or someone else did it. If even kick my donation to $20 just to get out of being the coordinator😧
$C: I'd say he deserves it if he created such a ridiculous scheme. 
$C: Guys let’s pitch in and donate some bandwidth to this cool dude!
$C: OP needs to call store and explain what just happened, starting with "what is reddit" 
$C: Lol
$C: Hehhhh
$C: !Remindme 1 day


$C: Just put cash in an envelope and mail it to their address.
$C: !Remindme 1 day
$C: !Remindme 1 day
$C: !Remindme 1 day
$C: !RemindMe 1 day
$C: !Remindme 1 day
$C: No, they're still open!
Source- I live right next door.
$C: I'll do some googlefu when I get off work I'm poor as fuck but if I can get the money to the right place hey atleast I helped 
$C: I always told you there's money in the banana stand, Michael.
$C: It all has to even out. Easy. Banana.. Buck!
$C: I know this is a reference to some sitcom but there's that episode of Ellen where bill Gates has to guess grocery store item prices and he does not do well lol

Edit: found it https://youtu.be/ad_higXixRA
$C: 2 sticks and extra chocolate? What is this, Mardi Gras??
$C: It's interesting how "$3-400" reads in text to me when I know exactly how you would say it IRL to make it sound like $300-400, but my first thoughts are always 3 dollars to 400 dollars. 
$C: The point is to buy it from the shop that's listed not amazon
$C: Strad or bust 
$C: You cany cheap out on instruments even if youre just learning. Im forever grateful my gf made me spend an extra £50-£60 on a good Ukulele. Im not a great player but i love that hunk of wood and its always a pleasure to play it. 

Buying cheap youre likely to get a subpar instrument, which will sound subpar when you play it, which in turn will make you feel like youre not playing well and youre way more likely to put it down one day and never pick it up again. Its always worth the extra money because youll feel the quality when you play.
$C: This guy trumpets
$C: >Musician' Friend lists a "Student B flat Trumpet" for about $250 US
$C: I think $300 is just a starter for a quality instrument. It's never worth it to go below that.

When my sister and I were going to music school, there were plenty of instruments to borrow directly from the school, and I believe the cheapest flute she got her first year was worth about $400. With a cheaper one you just couldn't learn properly.
$C: This guy owns a music store that is in business by selling instruments and you are going to buy a trumpet from somebody else?
$C: Yea, unfortunately a lot of brands now are made in South America or Asia, but I'd agree that you're spot on with prices!
$C: How do you feel about the $170 trumpet from Monoprice?  Those guys have made a name from not selling cheap Chinese junk even though everything they sell is cheap and from China.  I’m wondering how their instruments stack up.

Edit: I don’t need or want a trumpet, I’m just curious.
$C: Money better spent on a decent Yamaha horn for intermediate players 
$C: 80-150 can get you a decent used horn (Say, a conn director or similar)


$C: How can the quality of a piece (pieces) of metal with few moving parts differ so greatly?

$C: 0x00a9bc70755C94cB439f9b5963125b0f036a3723
I will distribute trumpets to the needy also.
$C: But why? I shouldn't knock a good deed but people pay in fiat for things. 
$C: These are the kind of people that you want to keep in business. 
$C: "The internet has killed, or is killing, all but the most hardy/stubborn local stores "

And now it has killed his bandwidth
$C: Unless you live in a community with only a  couple music stores, and 1/2 the population forgot where the expired aol trial cd went and gave up on the internet in 2004.
$C: Can confirm, mate worked in a music store \(chain\) \- another chain came in, closed everything down.

China now makes bulk of the shit.
$C: This is why I always do my research online but buy/order in store. Besides, I couldn’t imagine committing to an instrument without trying it out first. Much like books too, I like to get a physical feel for my sheet music.

I’m in a unique position where I can do this, but I understand not everyone can, so I don’t begrudge them. But it does make a difference, e.g. my mum got me a piccolo one year that is a no name Chinese thing and it’s the most awful thing to play. It’s in much rougher shape than my Stirling silver Armstrong flute which is 10 years older.
$C: I would like to push the idea that we donate something to him, and hopefully this will go viral so that his customer base also grows after all this has died down. I also think the point is to repay his kindness; paying it forward is pointless because the whole point of this is to say, “That small kindness that you did - *completely* out of the blue for a struggling mother and her son - hasn’t gone unnoticed, and we would like to thank you for not just the kindness but being the person you are, who expected nothing in return.” He didn’t do this with the expectation of recognition or gain, he did this out of the kindness of his own heart.

So many people these days just couldn’t give a damn and the vast majority of businesses big and small would’ve simply said, “Don’t care - pay up or I’ll **make** you”. I refuse to believe that a man in his position makes huge money on selling instruments, I would imagine it’s just enough to live by and that’s all. 

Which makes his kindness even greater, because he likely really could’ve used that money, it’s not like he’s Microsoft simply writing off a debt of $5.

Would any of you been the least bit surprised if the letter instead said, “Well **M’lady**, I think I know of a way to work out this debt to our... mutual benefit, if you know what I mean? \*snickers nefariously\*  \*thinks to self, man, if this works, I'll get this cute girl to be my girlfriend and I'll ride the cool roller coasters! ... C'mon, luck be a lady tonight!\*  \*crosses fingers and gulps\* s-so... \*adjusts collar and looks firmly\* What do you day to my proposal? \*waits patiently\*
$C: My mistake. I definitely got the link wrong. 
$C: >snorts firecracker dust

Aka "riding the black pony"
$C: Following headline: Two opossums held in suspected murder of a NASCAR enthusiast over a meth deal gone wrong. Authorities are still searching for an alligator who is only described as a “person of interest” in the investigation. 
$C: Dude do *not* google “Florida man firecracker.”

It involves an asshole and a dachshund, and way too dark for a 7:00 am read. Just don’t. 
$C: Well thats a downer for Floridaman, Firecrackerguy
$C: *after smoking bath salts. 
$C: Brown-Brown
$C: This made me laugh way more than I should 
$C: Also known as brown brown.
$C: Did you just assume their gender?
$C: Worlds greatest superhero 
$C: There is a sub r/floridaman dedicated to exactly that.
$C: Sometimes I hide
$C: I run so far away. 
$C: I run so far away
$C: Run here, you're whalecum anytime.
$C: This is true about open records laws. Also funny that a lot of times FloridaMan is actually from New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Illinois, etc.
$C: Floridaman is true chaotic neutral.
$C: me too, like 3 trumpets' worth!
$C: I don't have giant nostrils
$C: I can hear that smell as well.
$C: Yes, but don’t call him Shirley
$C: Whoever did damage control for Flavor-Aid's brand after that is a fucking genius.
$C: I think it was both, I’m too lazy to look but I think they mixed flavor aid and kool aid. Trying to make nearly insurmountable jobs for two groups of pr professionals with one event.
$C: It was actually a mixture of both. There are photos showing that packets of both were used.

["...although there is photographic evidence that packets of both Kool-Aid and Flavor Aid were present at the scene."](http://mentalfloss.com/article/13015/jonestown-massacre-terrifying-origin-drinking-kool-aid)

["The actual brand of soft-drink flavoring was a mixture of both Kool-Aid and a competing brand, Flavor Aid.[5][6]"](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Drinking_the_Kool-Aid) 

[Here's a video of Jim Jones giving a tour and showing Kool-Aid (0:27)](https://youtu.be/najBMAItPYU).
$C: I am tempted to start /r/dogoquotes and convert famous quotes into dogo quotes like this. 
$C: found Liam
$C: Yes exactly!! As a percussionist it’s fun to show people little tricks on the tambourine. It’s just very fun to play lol
$C: nice username (and slightly relevant)
$C: I was in percussion and I learned that all of those “funny” instruments require a lot of skill. Tambourine, triangle, gong, all of them. 
$C: This is Ray Cooper, who plays percussion with the Elton John band. He's amazing to watch

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ovlsFYtbTaQ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ovlsFYtbTaQ)

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eihkfhJQ648](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eihkfhJQ648)
$C: I think it's more that his nips *are* dicks
$C: Do you tickle his buns during?
$C: I will pay to see this show
$C: Is that what the kids are calling genital warts now?
$C: Dibs on triangle
$C: Well if you ever move east, you could totally get back into it! 😀
$C: Drum Corps Associates.

It's the only all-age drum and bugle corps circuit that the US has to offer. They're weekend-only corps, so real people that have jobs during the week still have an opportunity to march if they want to.

If you know what DCI (Drum Corps International) is, it's very similar, but without the age restriction and commitment level. 

Unfortunately for most people, the bulk of the corps are in the PA/NJ/NY region, although there are also corps from Minnesota, Florida, and Georgia as well. If you're anywhere west of Pittsburgh, you're pretty much boned.
$C: Oh yeah I left the “& if you’re late, don’t bothering showing up” part. My band director was dead ass about that too lol
$C: That sounds like a video worth posting
$C: Oh man. You would probably have loved being in or hanging around band then. This is what sectionals are like. It’s when the band breaks up into section of instruments and practices how their section leader would like. So you could have the saxophones practicing whatever they wanted like in your videos while just a little bit away the low brass would be practicing together as a single group with someone conducting. It’s an enveloping cacophony of sounds within which you can gossip, scheme, and banter. Haha Oh man now I miss band. 
$C: 100% this. Practicing could mean drilling certain parts or techniques of a piece until it is ingrained in them, which also means playing the same goddamn line over and over again until everyone who was listening is just annoyed by it now. Depending on what technical aspect, it could just sound downright bad too while practicing since it's a process
$C: Practicing usually means some scales and patterns to warm up and then moving into practicing pieces of music. So the first 10-20 minutes would suck to listen to, but after that it would be mostly pleasant. 
$C: My mom "plays" the saxophone.  It's just bad.  My boyfriend still hates me for the day she brought in the sax but I had somewhere to be so he sat there for the 45 minute concert/sax solo.  

She played in high school.  She loves playing for people.  

She's retired, lives in a townhouse and tries to play every day.  It makes her so happy and she is so sure she's good that people seem to just let it go.  Her neighbors are also older than she is.  

Bless her heart.  
$C: Please, go on.
$C: > Repetitive tonguing

I could stand to hear a little more.
$C: I once saw a bagpiper in full kilt regalia practicing in the grassy median of a semi-busy city street! He was playing well, too. It was a lovely surprise.
$C: This guy trumpets
$C: Do you have an amazon link?
$C: Do they have a shhmute that fits completely inside the bell?
$C: http://www.bestbrass.com/stf/e-sax.html

It retails for about $500-600
$C: There is a giant box thing you can put your sax inside called e-sax
$C: I share your pain. 
$C: Played a trombone for two years then dropped out because i was no good but I do live in Florida but not in the Berry city they speak of. So yeah. 
$C: hi <3
$C: I can play almost all instruments and I've lived in almost all continents... Just made that up to say hi.. 
$C: Once Reddit a story about a trumpet... and stuff... and wanted to stay high too.
$C: I live within walking distance of UCF 
Crazy how many fellow Redditors I probably walk past everyday :p 
$C: I grew up in Longwood too!
$C: Dude. I’m in Oviedo! Hi!!! 
$C: There has never been a time being from casselberry has made me feel as special as this. 
$C: >Im so lucky i had a band director that was a huge fucking asshole

Did he ever throw a chair at you because you didn't know if you were rushing or dragging?
$C: Seems like your English department could use more, though
$C: Had huge asshole, weight bearing, unfireable band teacher and lots of nice stuff....really would have preferred  less nicer stuff and a way nicer band teacher. 
$C: I’m so lucky my music professor at middle school was a grade A prick who made my hate playing any kind of instrument. I still enjoy singing and I would like to start taking classes, since a lot of people I know actively encourage me to do so saying I have a very nice vocal range, but I have to win over my timidity first 
$C: Yeah well, you could try not telling people what words to use. 

:P
$C: Definitely, not everybody has to be a pro musician to find the joys of an instrument 
$C: NO HE HAS TO GIVE IT UP NOW
$C: OP is actually still playing it just so he wouldn't have to give it away to someone else.
$C: hard time are over, really is time to pay it forward
$C: This is not really relevant and probs going to get buried and I’m not even sure if it’s intentional, but I really appreciate your use of a gender neutral pronoun not knowing what OP prefers. As a trans person, it always makes me feel good to see people doing this and I like to let people know that it means a lot. So thanks and I hope you are doing well 😊
$C: 08/03/2021
$C: > no expiration date on passion

The day she left....  /s
$C: Expiration date was supposed to be 12/31/99 at 23:59:59.....
$C: Why? Sounds like OP has a strong pair of lips.
$C: God damn it, my brother (well best friend but I lived with them for damn near a decade) actually sold his silver trumpet for pot. We were in high school in the early 2000's. He had a paper route in a very nice area and I had a job so we generally weren't hurting for money. I remember being mildly disappointed because his parents are fucking saints and he obviously didn't get close to the market value. I think we had a party to go to, I was a few days away from a paycheck and he didn't have any cash. I remember feeling so horrible every hit I took. He said he kind of regretted it as well. I forgot all about that until stumbling across this random reddit comment. I'm gonna have to go bust his balls about this. Sold his goddamn trumpet for a couple blunts. Couple of fucking idiots
$C: The real LPT is always in the comments.
$C: There's one in Toronto too: http://www.jazz.fm/index.php/news-a-events-mainmenu/11353-holiday-heroes-instruments-go-to-gulfstream-ps 

Last year they got 125 instruments to give to a school. They all support the Youth Big Band project.
$C: Agreed, charity is only charity when it is given freely. If you require they pay it back/forward, then it's a loan. The whol point of the letter was that his mother was relieved of a loan.
$C: I am for OP keeping the trumpet but this argument is dumb. He probably actually paid for almost everything else he owns, the trumpet was gifted because of his situation. Paying it forward means helping when you can, not giving away the things you worked hard for. The trumpet was a gift and if he wanted to and was able to, paying it forward by handing the trumpet down would be a great thing.
$C: it's not giving away everything you own, it's giving away something that was given to you by a stranger in the first place

but true, his mom was the one who bought the trumpet in this case, and he is still using it... so maybe a thank you letter would be better in this case
$C: [deleted]
$C: Why not just got to a local school. Ask the teacher which student is struggling and could use some help, and buy them their own instrument. OP gets to keep his, and another kid gets to enjoy music. This, to me, is paying it forward. 
$C: You sound like a taker to me. I think the post was spot on - 10 years ago this guys mom couldn’t afford the payments for a trumpet, so the guy graciously gave it to him and asked that he pay it forward. It’s time to hook up the next young kid that needs some help. His ‘dumb’ logic doesn’t really apply to anything else...
$C: Happily, some people are more generous than this. If someone can get more enjoyment and use out of an old thing you hardly use, you might consider giving it to them as a gift. Like that copy of the Bible you have never, and will never, read.
$C: My man
$C: 
/u/Moe_Ronn, your comment was removed for the following reason:  

* Instagram links are not allowed in this subreddit. Handles are allowed (e.g. @example), as long as they are not a hotlink. (this is a spam prevention measure. Thank you for your understanding)   

To have your comment restored, please edit the instagram link out of your comment, then send a [message to the moderators.](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=/r/pics&subject=Request to restore comment by /u/Moe_Ronn&message=This [comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/8lfwjv/found_an_old_letter_sent_to_my_mother_who_was/dzg2e7x/?context=3?context=10\) was removed for containing an instagram link.)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/pics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
$C: Right????
$C: Damn! That was great!
$C: Nothing changed since then 
$C: What? Maybe new, but my entry level Yamaha was $150 used in good condition. I eventually bought a pro horn in like new for $500 used (give or take $100, this was over 10 years ago), but it wasn't a well known name so it was cheaper than usual. I just sold it last week for $350 with a lot of wear. Yamaha makes solid instruments too.
$C: well that's certainly a range of numbers
$C: About the same as a used Honda. 
$C: I think a Monette is gonna be like $15,000

Trumpets are a cheaper instrument, though. Grand pianos beat them all. Well, then there are pipe organs
$C: Lol you cant get a new Strad, the whole deal is they were made in the 1700’s from my understanding? They are worth millions!

Sorry, strads really pique my interest!
$C: Meanwhile my french horn is about $2700 ;_;
$C: > $85

Oh man, always remember that you get what you pay for.
$C: not even a playable cheap one. if you get a 100 dollar trumpet it will break in a year and no matter what you do it will never sound good. even just getting a very old, used trumpet that's made well is better 
$C: No person that is willing to practice for more than three days should get a cheap instrument. You’ll give up. Having a great sounding instrument as a beginner for practice makes a substantial difference in motivating you to practice. 
$C: You're better off getting a used $250 instrument from a pawn shop.
$C: The good old days.
$C: Then you start getting extra tissue on your lips and everyone can tell you're a trumpet player lol. 
$C: Well gudf! I wudf getting worfed
$C: OP owes him a trumpet.
$C: >It was a small mistake.

In that context that mistake was pretty much the biggest they could make.
$C: Yep, always getting all the top brass involved.
$C: SAD!
$C: the sound comes from a trombone tho
$C: The best hair
$C: Card game case? I'm unfamiliar
$C: Smuggling corn
$C: Please give me an example of how communism truly works
$C: Joker confirmed!
$C: I was just trying to understand what you were talking about

Now you're turning into a dick
$C: Then what made my comment garbage for pointing out the erroneous and since removed flair?
$C: I don't get it then. If it's not political than what is wrong with questioning why it has a political tag?
$C: Take your trash tier b8 somewhere else, too
$C: That’s projection. You’re hiding behind a throw away account you use off an on. Dat year gap!
$C: Crying on public transit is a great look
$C: I played in college, but it's not what my degree is in. My whole family is musically inclined. My uncle was the band director for his town's high school for his entire career, his kids, my cousins, play all sorts of instruments. My uncle actually gave me my first saxophone (alto) in middle school. I played throughout middle and high, but switched to Tenor for marching band. The Tenor I played on was my dad's Tenor growing up. Better yet, it's a fucking Mark VI. Incredible horn.

Even even better, after I was finished playing in college, my dad (after having not played in 30 or 40 years) decided to take lessons from my college sax instructor. So he took back his/my Tenor and has been playing in a senior band.

This all leads me to saying that I feel really bad that I can't play much nowadays. I live in an apartment, so I don't want to piss off my neighbors. I miss playing a lot. =(
$C: Once I get out of this job to something that gives me free time at home I will be back into it for sure
$C: As a “singer”, it feels great emotionally to let loose from time to time. Just does something, especially one of my favorites to belt out, like poison flowing out of me. 

Physically, though, as I don’t take care of my voice at all, it hurts. 

It’s a real pickle. 
$C: I have and OLD YouTube channel, I haven't really worked in a sound cloud 
$C: Sometimes but its between no sleep and play then work or sleep and work hah... i will manage eventualy..
$C: I don't have one il make one if I get off work early enough tonight and upload some of my stuff.. I've been needing to anyway 
$C: Because I've yet to find someone to hire me that is closer to home AND doesn't pay minimum wage.. that doesn't require a college degree. The sad thing is my own boss who makes 4 times what I make doesn't even know how to use the system. Im probably the only idiot here who has stayed and learned almost everything there is to know on the floor and I make the same amount as the temps that get hired. I haven't even been offered a promotion because I'm too good a asset to move positions. The company motto is "do more with less" and they take it LITERALLY. They fired 2 people in my department which leaves me on my own and they do not plan to replace them. I was already doing 2 other jobs. Now I have 4 total on top of my own. I have to sacrifice a task or 2 every day then get yelled at the next day for not doing it when I cannot physically be in 3 different places of the warehouse at once. I have been getting tired and desperate lately to get out of this hell that pays $11/h when I'm doing the job of a Lead/auditor/inventory while the actual LEADS MAKING LEAD PAY are sitting on their asses. And yes I've talked to management and I get told to be a TEAM PLAYER and deal with it. So yes I will quit on the spot if I find a job that is better and not a slave pen for hard workers that doesn't require college.. 
$C: Thanks for the response, its probably going to end up a hobby then lol 
$C: I mean like I want to play by ear, like at least slightly, but I can only do that one note at a time.  Play two in a row and I probably can't find either one. :(
$C: Thicc?
$C: Really? I mostly associate it with serenity. The violin is the real tear jerker.
$C: Not when played by a master

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hyUhEjtlDLA](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hyUhEjtlDLA)
$C: Fake reviews, right.
$C: Giving praise inside this thread is fine but giving fake reviews based on an unverified Reddit post I have a problem with. 

For all we know, the owner could have gotten clever and completely made up this fake post himself for publicity, and in response you're suggesting to thousands of people reading this to give fake reviews. Is anything real anymore? 
$C: It’s not that awkward - handoffs happen all the time. I’m down to assist in giving these fine folks the ecommerce they deserve.  Local music stores haven’t had an easy time, and these guys seem to be doing it right. 
$C: Make it happen yo
$C: [deleted]
$C: Yeah as I typed that I assumed they have a caretaker to update listings or someone familiar with that system and it’d be hard to train them on new stuff and maintain the source, etc. Definitely a huge effort.
$C: Aaaaaaand its down
$C: Yep. Too.
$C: Your bank may help you, but probably not from the goodness of their hearts. They just don't want you to default on your debts
$C: Oh Dear that's an emotional story.   Are you and family members okay? Any reason to suspect long-term  health problems?

Did you get to recover any possessions or did everything get destroyed with the homes?
$C: There's method to that madness as well. Essentially it's just a cypher with another two binary digits. 
$C: True, but what if you are using a different computer without a password manager? Say a public computer or a computer at work that doesn't have your password manager software. 
$C: Oh she is. She was 16 when she had me and my childhood could have been really awful, but she did just about everything right for a naive 16 year old on her own. She's an amazing woman. 
$C: From a recent news report:

>Okafor was sentenced to death in November 2015 for killing Alex Zaldivar and wounding two others during an Ocoee home invasion in 2012.

However, thanks to a 2016 state supreme court ruling, all death penalty sentences *must* come from unanimous juries, so the sentence was set aside and he will be re-sentenced this November. The state is still seeking the death penalty- and dude fucking deserves it- but I don't hold out much hope. 
$C: Thanks for the link.
$C: I’m pretty sure they’re making money by now though, right? Maybe not a ton but the mobile app has quite a few adds that show up in the feee. That’s gotta be bringing them in some money.
$C: You know nothing, local music shops are very important to the community. They actually help with shit like this A LOT. 

The owners being semi-retired means nothing, the original owners of RadioShack were long dead and buried when the company went under. 

Why don't YOU give YOUR money to charity, and allow others who want to to support this store? Do it yourself or shut the fuck up.
$C: I mean...how hard is it to code it so that it doesn't filter out posts with trump + extra characters? 
$C: Its not a bot, douche. You have no respect for real instrumental artists.
$C: What... Where did this attack come from
$C: I'm a CS major and I understand exactly how annoying it is to make a bot do this properly.
$C: Among other things yes hahaha it's what you get when you choose a username as a 13yrd

$C: That explains it. In 2009 I was an adult with an apartment and a job. Nine years later I'm an adult with an apartment and a slightly better job. I think world stops changing around 28 years of age.
$C: I was 19 in 2009, and it wasn't until this year I got a full time job related to my degree and apartment. ._.
$C: 9 years ago i went to school and lived from the money of my parents. 2018 im studying for my 2nd degree and live from the money of my parents (at least i got my own apartment tho :D)

btw is it live from, live of or something totally different?
$C: > I assumed Orlando was the city and Casselberry was in it's greater metropolitan area

You're basically correct. Smaller towns, cities, and suburbs are typically considered part of a greater city's metro area.
$C: You are correct. I grew up in casselberry but only if I’m literally in casselberry when someone asks where I’m from I will say Orlando. 
$C: Thank you

I generally don't comprehend or acknowledge sarcasm or shitposts.  It's lazy humor imo.
$C: Exactly. You answered your own question. This has nothing to do with the boy's trumpet.
$C: A teenager that was set to testify against him the next day for a burglary. He tried to kill three teens, two survived. And then OP's mom lied and covered for him.
$C: This is one thing I really hate about the internet. People are complicated and there is always a lot more to them than the worst thing you can find about them on Google. A person's relationship with their mother, regardless of how imperfect she may be, is complex and important and it's shitty to tear apart this one moment in favor of another one.  
$C: Because it's such an unusual first name. I wanted to see where it came from.
$C: That reference is older than this letter. 
$C: Oh. Well shit. I've never watched that show. 
$C: haha thanks I made this username a long time ago when I was as well. not anymore but the username stuck. never have to have any numbers after it

edit: I've used this name for about 10 years and you are the first person to understand it. congratulations!
$C: Right, we were talking about the bastardized spelling, not whether it is attempting to be a name that actually existed. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: Most nuts are either legumes or tree nuts, neither of which should be any problem for vegetarians.
$C: Because it really takes away the emphasis of the word when everyone spams it on this site 24/7.
$C: Welcome to the ebb and flow of design. Maximalist to minimalist and back again. 
$C: Just don't try and get that title on a cake. 
$C: If you're going for an authentic outdated stuffiness, it's probably more appropriate to use the word "Pedagogics"
$C: Cum Lauder!
$C: Yes but it's not suddenly going to go from being that specific man's surname to his first name.
$C: r/unexpectedoffice
$C: some crumpets as well
$C: These puns are making me feel violint. I may have to drum up some support for a lynching. 
$C: Other Times It's Just Coconuts
$C: Avagadro's karma 
$C: You know what’s better than a million? A THOUSAND!
$C: To my knowledge (which could very well be totally wrong) they are all the same folks. 
$C: Will try it next time I go through there! Thanks for the recommendation. In return, I suggest Joy Donuts which is a donut food truck that appears on weekend mornings in Mt Dora on 441 across from the racetrack. 
$C: Still better than Dunkin
$C: I've seen Blue Spring pop up once or twice.
$C: *teleports behind you*
$C: Just commenting to hopefully get an answer. RemindMe! 24 hours
$C: Omae wa mou shindeiruu
$C: It’s not often you see proper grammar on the internet. 
$C: ur mom s0 ghey omfg
$C: When you file, you choose to either do a standard deduction or itemized. If you don't have enough qualifying itemized deductions, then you just take the standard deduction, since the standard will be higher. Being "poor" doesn't have anything do to with it.

If I'm wrong, I'd love to be proven otherwise, but this is how I have always done it.

https://www.moneyunder30.com/itemized-deductions

Lastly, just because "3/4 of Americans can't use deductions" doesn't make it a bad idea to form a non-profit. Having it as an option for those of us that itemize is great, and it protects the regular business itself by separating charitable donations from normal day to day business.
$C: I'm in for $5 Australian, how do I pay? 
$C: I'm in
$C: Send me your kidney and I'll cover your share of the trumpet.
$C: Hey there, I started one. If you have any idea how gofundme really works \(or if you are a US\-Citizen\) please contact me...I clicked on the "I am a US\-citizen" button to see what happens but apparently it automatically registered that and now I need a US phone number etc. 

It is started already too....this is weird. I hope somebody who has done this before comes along here!
$C: I must say you do make a compelling argument. Its settled, hes got my five! 
$C: That's the funny part.. now he's gotta pay for more hosting.
$C: Ive got 3 bandwidth.
$C: he specializes in school bandwidths
$C: Tell them, "Sorry, we might have did a bad thing... You remember that guy from 'Of Mice and Men' who really liked rabbits... Well you might want to check on your webserver..."
$C: Would you happen to know if James Jones is still in charge?
$C: Awesome. Could you get an email or something for them? 

We a will donate free hosting if they want it. If they can live with a subdomain.
$C: Arrested Development!

And it's funny and admirable, in a billionaire kind of way, how childishly innocent Bill Gates is trying to guess those prices lol
$C: Same. I was thinking that was a wide range, let's aim for the $3 trumpet! 
$C: And there's the idiot like me who saw it as $3,400. 
$C: I can do 1-200 push ups in a minute.
$C: I feel like when it's said out loud, I'd hear it as "3 to 4 hundred dollars" -> (3-4)x$100, which is different from "$3-400" written out. Mostly due to how the word order is different from how it's written ($ at beginning, "dollars" at end)
$C: I'll never forget when I was at a music store and really young with my step-dad and I really wanted to get a drum set and asked the guy, how much was the one the one I was playing. He responded with "9" and I ran to him saying, "Dad, it's only 9 dollars. Buy it for me please!" It was $900...
$C: That's exactly what he said. Three dollars to four hundred dollars.

In text, precision is key. In speech, you can fudge with it a bit.
$C: For some reason my brain always thinks 3 to 4 thousand at first.
$C: Is that uncommon?

In Canada we regularly would say “three to four hundred”. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: [we can accept nothing less](https://reverb.com/item/5215614-bach-stradivarius-lr190s43b-trumpet-lr190s43b-silver-plate) for the first year trumpeter.
$C: There was a kid in band clinics I'd go too who'd play a bach strand from the 90's that had been hit by a bus.

Played between a halfstep and whole step sharp.
$C: Whatever man - Dealers pretty much deal in used and new.  He's not going to be upset about getting some free rental inventory - that would be a pretty good karmic reward for giving them away in the past.   A couple of new pieces of free inventory would help offset some of the charity for him, so he can decide to make money renting them - or giving them away in extenuating circumstances all without losing anything.  Also he would be saved the time of hunting them down for inventory, or waiting for them to walk into his store.

(majority of kids quit in 2 years or less, so mom and pop aren't going to buy him a $1200 trumpet, but they WILL rent one for a short term)

So we could possibly band together and spend $800 and still do something good, or set a goal of $3,000 and buy some new horns out of his store...whichever seems more realistic.  I'm just talking ideas here.
$C: Internet on internet violence. Sure is a shame. 
$C: ie. Casselberry FL.
$C: I don't necessarily consider imports to be an entirely negative thing. The quality has improved remarkably in recent years (when I first started playing, an import instrument would universally be garbage, with the exception of some Japanese imports), but these days there are very good manufacturers in all of the major export countries, including China (others are Mexico, Korea, Indonesia, and Vietnam, with some factories in Mexico and Korea producing instruments comparable to US-made instruments).

While I like and prefer American-made instruments for a variety of reasons, and own several, I think it's great that kids today can get a pretty good guitar/bass/keyboard/whatever for very little money that will allow them to figure out if they want to be a musician and if it's the right instrument for them. Those imported products make that possible. Parents may not have >$1000 to spend on an American-made instrument, but spending something like $250 for an import is a lot easier choice to make, and the quality difference is smaller than it's ever been.

It used to be hard to find a genuinely good instrument at the low end of the price spectrum, now it's hard to find a bad one from any reputable brand. Though I've noticed that people keep trying to find garbage to buy, despite this fact. I see a whole lot of reviews of knock-off Chinese imports on YouTube...just buy a low-end Squire or Epiphone or Ibanez or Yamaha, people! It won't be amazing but it won't be crap, either. I'm talking about guitars/basses here, since that's what I know well, but I'm confident there are low cost import brands of brass/woodwind/etc. instruments that are reputable and will have reasonable quality control. Part of what you pay for in a reputable brand is quality control and consistency: Knowing that the cheap guitar you read a review about will be very similar to the one you pick up at your local music store or on Amazon. That's super important for beginners because they won't know whether it's the guitar or their lack of skill that's making their playing sound crap. Even imports can have good quality control if the brand doing the importing cares about it. Fender owns and manages a lot of their own factories, including some import factories, and so they have very consistent quality control across the Fender brand, for example.
$C: 
>“Well **M’lady**, I think I know of a way to work out this debt to our... mutual benefit, if you know what I mean? \*snickers nefariously\*  \*thinks to self, man, if this works, I'll get this cute girl to be my girlfriend and I'll ride the cool roller coasters! ... C'mon, luck be a lady tonight!\*  \*crosses fingers and gulps\* s-so... \*adjusts collar and looks firmly\* What do you day to my proposal? \*waits patiently\*

Needs more fedora and heavy breathing.
$C: I think it's a great idea. PM everyone here with details when it's started and we can donate and get the post some attention.
$C: Fuckit, let's just buy ***all*** his trumpets!  
$C: Riding the black cat* ftfy
$C: The only explanation is  that the last two commenters are Floridians or reformed. 
$C: Chasing the dragonfire.
$C: Fucking beautiful.
$C: lmao, good one
$C: It’s honestly just simply amazing the things you find on Reddit with the help from fellow redditors <3

Thank you kind sir, as I will be spending a majority of my day scrounging through r/floridaman! Literally from now (8:42 am PT) until I got to work (8:00 pm PT—6:30 am PT).
$C: Sometimes I'm scared of you
$C: hey, thanks for the tips, I had to open my Spotify and relisten to that sweet sweet teen music.

Britney > Taylor swift 
$C: I run all night and day

$C: Omae wa mou whalecum
$C: Want to get angry about something that happened forty years ago? The [Suicide Tape](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CMrFCwYAZxE) from Jonestown is rage inducing. 

Jones is an insufferable, lisping asshole. Hellbent on killing everybody.

The worst is hearing Christine Miller interject and try to convince him there are other ways. All for nothing.
$C: Anyway here's Wonderwall
$C: I don't know if there's a term for it but the thumb slides along the edge is fun 
$C: Percussion instruments in general are really, really hard to play correctly and get very little respect. 
$C: Jesus that’s an image
$C: Very cool, I’ve never heard of DCA before. Love it! 
$C: Sweetness! I didn't know this existed. Thanks for the info. I'm in Florida so I'll see if there's one near me! 
$C: That's awesome! As soon as you mentioned the DCA I thought of all the DCI videos where people out on the field were crying their eyes out while they played because that was the last performance before they were considered too old.
$C: Same. If you had the balls to stroll in late, you were going to get absolutely ROASTED over the speaker for every stupid thing you ever did and he knew about as you high tailed it to your spot. 
$C: OK! [First one](https://streamable.com/0p5mr) is walking into it, this little greenway park near Golou station on 2nd ring road, then took [another](https://streamable.com/60ejw) once I was right next to them. Was trying to get some of the vegetation in for my mom so she could see that spring here is gorgeous. 

$C: Eh. I play violin and there are times where my whole hour (after scales and warmup) is spent on 10 measures of what is supposed to be really fast music getting it from sometimes 60bpm to 160-200bpm. I guarantee my husband does not find that pleasant to listen to. 
$C: Giggity
$C: Often times, many of those people don't have anywhere to go and practice. So they have to fight against the odds for their desire to play and spread music. #Respect
$C: Okay, I’ll ask ... where did you see a bagpiper in full kit regalia practicing in the grassy median of a semi-busy street? This I must know. Was it ironic, like a hipster, or proud, like St Patrick’s day, or sad like a color guard remembering his mates, home, wife and child, or did he have a hat and for donations, cds $5?
$C: Silently.
$C: [Yupp](https://www.amazon.com/Bremner-SshhMute-Trumpet-Cornet-Practice/dp/B00C2DC8N0)
$C: Oh interesting! Didn’t know about this 
$C: It’s about time! 
$C: I wanted to say hi, Casselberry is a fun town name. I played the clarinet. I am from Australia.
$C: I know you're referencing Whiplash, but you don't realize that you're also referencing half of everyone ever in a band 
$C: Wasn’t quite his tempo
$C: FUNNY YOU SAY THIS. My elementary school music teacher Mr.Dooda threw a chair at a student for playing the piano too loudly. He got fired.
$C: Did you go to school in Tennessee? Cause I think we had the same director.
$C: Hahaha love that movie!
$C: Is throwing chairs a common thing for band teachers to do? Because I also had a band teacher throw a chair out of frustration.

In her defense, my class was *that class* that caused so many problems and were so misbehaved that the school changed policies on a yearly basis to deal with our shenanigans.

But still.
$C: Never had a chair thrown in band but I have seen music stands go flying across the room...

...usually not at any students. Marching band is serious business.
$C: My drumline instructor would make everyone run a lap if one person made a mistake. Some days we'd run several miles.
$C: Lol my band director would throw his baton at me so many times. I understand the feeling 
$C: I love shit like this. I just watched this movie for the first time a few days ago. Good movie. Good reference. 
$C: Do drumsticks and board erasers count? 
$C: as an amateur musician, i also support musical lessons in school. it is such a vital component of living. people really should donate to Allegro Music and to James W Jones the founder. Donate just a bit to show your thanks. Also donate to your local school music programs. Just help them along. Because we all know Trump and Pence have already destroyed the world. So a little music while we all perish will help us a bit. Unless someone can extirpate both of them and the entire Republican party and all their family members, only that will be better.
$C: They don't do that in orchestra ;-;
$C: My old band teacher threw a chair at a kid once
$C: Mine broke a chair...
$C: No but once he threw a drum because the percussionists weren’t paying attention 
$C: My middle school band director was the best damn band director you'd ever met, he loved his job and made me love playing. 

Until he got married. 

He then became so mean that he would yell and scream if you missed one wrong note, made half the parents withdraw their kids from his class. I quit after two years playing the clarinet to join the school choir. 
$C: Mr. Jerman? 
$C: OMG my band director smashed a mellophone into a wall because they couldn't okay this one piece right. 
$C: Oh no I worked for one this spring that was written up because he threw a chair at one of his students... I've never been so appalled at a teacher's poor instruction as a whole as well.
$C: My god I love that movie.  Comedy gold.  The insults are truly genius.
$C: ["Are you one of those single tear people?"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=esIW9BhnWt4)
$C: [deleted]
$C: [deleted]
$C: I already made that joke dude.
$C: Pro musician here. I was happier when I wasn't playing professionally. Artistically satisfying, yes—it's wonderful to be able to work with talented pros everyday. But happier? Not really.
$C: I probably play my hand drums only a dozen times a year. But everyone one of those times is worth it. 
$C: I have a couple guitars and used to take lessons. I find it like golf though where if I don’t do it multiple times a week for a couple hours I get rusty and while it’s still kinda fun I’m frustrated with the results. I just wish there was more time in my days to set aside for it. Job, kids, wife, chores, soccer games and life in general is soooo busy. If I could just add up all my Reddit minutes and string them together I’d probably have time, but unfortunately life doesn’t work like that. ;)
$C: They can simply donate towards a music program.
$C: Infact it can be really counter-productive to aspire to be a pro. Just enjoy your time with learning something you love. 
$C: It's really hard to be a pro triangle player 
$C: Definitely that, and depending on how old it is, it might not do someone who's trying to learn to play for the first time any good. My saxophone was ten years old when I got it, and it needed constant repairs especially during marching band season. They used to make jokes about the kids who had shitty instruments, so I would never donate my old POS to someone trying to learn.
$C: The letter’s not THAT old. We could just call the shop owner and ask for clarification on the circumstances under which op needs to return it or pay it forward.
$C: > Definitely not everybody has to be a pro musician to find the joys of an instrument

This comment is begging to be turned into a joke about pornography, but I can't get the wording right.
$C: This just makes me sad that my Selmer Saxophone was stolen in a break-in six years ago :(.
$C: "I know that the most joy in my life has come to me from my violin." - Albert Einstein.
$C: >Definitely not, everybody has to be a pro musician to find the joys of an instrument

How I read your comment. 
$C: Exactly. As a future music teacher, I strongly want to encourage people who used to play music in school to remember that our goal as teachers is not to make you play your instrument regularly/professionally for the rest of your life, but rather to teach you the skills needed to play it (which are life skills that transfer elsewhere) and to help you appreciate and support the arts throughout the rest of your life.  
  
One of my former music teachers recently asked for former students to let her know how they’re doing now. Many said they weren’t playing regularly anymore and apologized. No. That’s not the point. Don’t feel guilty. It’s there for you if you want to pick t up again. If not, just be a patron of the arts, support local programs, and vote for educational policies that reduce disparity and promote a COMPLETE education for all students. 
$C: I still play my piano a few hours a week. I'll never be great at it, but it's relaxing.
$C: [deleted]
$C: The court of random strangers on the internet who demand a slightly more heartwarming story than they were given has spoken.
$C: PAY IT FORWARD, DAMN IT
$C: better ways to pay it forward than passing on a decades old trumpet with plenty of nostalgic memories. such as donating a new trumpet to a school, maybe 
$C: [This guy could use some trumpet lessons](https://youtu.be/9E62iA6KCIQ)
$C: There are other ways he can pay it forward without giving his trumpet away. Relax.
$C: ...and lose the trumpet playing hobby?

Unless he's rich and willing to shell out expendable income on a brand new trumpet (not cheap), it's worthwhile to keep if the trumpet is still in use.

Heck, it's a great way to thank James Jones and his mother for their sacrifice: enjoy it for life.
$C: How do you know he didn't pay it forward? Paying it forward doesn't necessarily mean giving the trumpet away, or anything trumpet related, honestly.
$C: No. It’s not. By that logic, you should give away all of your belongings because other people lack them. 
$C: They could pay it forward in a number of ways, they don't necessarily have to give up the trumpet.
$C: Yeah, they've probably never helped somebody out in their entire life. Totally ungrateful for the gift they've been given, they hoard their trumpet to themselves and laugh at the poor school kids who can't get a shiny noise-tube for themselves.
$C: Yeah but he can buy another damn trumpet
$C: This is America, all we give you is thoughts and prayers.
$C: I let amateurs or pros have a go at blowing my instrument.
$C: people said the world ending in 2012 was fake but has anyone really felt alive since then
$C: Is this August 3rd or March 8th? *We need to know man!*
$C: RemindMe!
$C: I'm sorry. :(
$C: I knew a guy who sold a rusty trombone for coke.
$C: There's still an implied moral obligation. Charity is a system wherein those with more than they need give to those with less than they need. If you want to participate in it, you shouldn't just participate when you're on the receiving end. It doesn't make it a loan; you're not required to repay what you got out of it. It's that you should show the same spirit of generosity that others have shown you. This is pretty much golden rule stuff.
$C: Why is no one suggesting OP just help some kid get a different trumpet? Let the the man/woman keep their damn trumpet that probably has emotional value connected to it.
$C: > Pay it forward is the message you retard...

You're a brilliant debator and I now agree that it isn't completely fucking stupid to demand someone give away a trumpet they still play as a hobby
$C: No, it's stupid. Obviously if OP has the money to blow on a trumpet to buy for some kid it would be a nice gesture, but he/she has no obligation to to so.
$C: I'm a bit lost on the bible thing.. Are you implying that those who aren't religious aren't going to be able to perceive the moral idea of passing on the trumpet? If so, you're an idiot. If I misunderstood, carry on.

Edit: SIDE NOTE >  I'm not here to be an edgy atheist, I'm talking about direct insults you may possibly be making towards literally anyone who isn't Christian. 
$C: ... why would you inflict that damage on someone else knowingly?  doesn't sound very Christian if you ask me...
$C: I read it in high school you pretentious dipshit, along with a bunch of the other major religious texts, and I bet that's more than you can say.
$C: Yep.... Little man was PISSED!
$C: [deleted]
$C: Can confirm, we use this same place to rent for my kid . They are outstanding humans. 
$C: Payng damn near 1000 to toot your wimpy little horn lol
$C: Yes, mine was new.  It was a Bach.  Not sure if student quality or intermediate.
$C: Yamaha makes really solid instruments across the board, especially entry level instruments.

$700 for a new instrument that's high enough quality to get someone through highschool sounds about right.

The same instruments in great condition go for like $250 used though.  There's no shortage of used high end student/intermediate instruments.  Especially this time of year.
$C: $88 are for like people looking to fuck around/beginner students on the cheaper end. $4500 are handmade with tight tolerances, would likely be used by a professional trumpet player.

My french horn that I got in 6th grade was just shy of $3000. Those things are hella expensive.
$C: $88 trumpets can’t really produce good sounds and aren’t worth shit. They’re the trumpets you see at like BJs or other supermarkets. A good beginner level trumpet runs between $400-$1000 and pro level trumpets run from $2500-$4500+ with intermediate level being anywhere in between. The differences are generally sound quality the instrument can produce as well as the build quality of the brand. 
$C: Can confirm those are numbers.
$C: [deleted]
$C: 2700? Heh, that's funny.

 *(cries in tuba)*
$C:  Put  $85 through a paper shredder, get a similar value. 
$C: Yeah, an $85 trumpet is gonna be terrible.
$C: For most kids playing it in the school band? Come on, kids don't need something great. 
$C: I had a friend in high school who has this beaten up trumpet that looks like a piece of junk. He claims he got it for 50 bucks used. Everyone tells him to get a better one but a cheap new trumpet ain’t got nothin’ on this one when he plays it. Can’t go wrong with old quality and the best talent.
$C: I knew it! Instantly your body begins to adapt!
$C: I'm surprised the French horns haven't chimed in yet.
$C: The biggliest hair
$C: Tremendous hair
$C: I am not sure i am using the correct terminologie here, I am not an english native, and this explanation requires some specific words.

in some card games, a certain suit (spades/hearts/diamonds/clovers) is picked/drawn/chosen as the trump card, meaning that that suit will win over the other cards played, even though they may not have been the requested card.
$C: No I can’t because a communist system has never been properly implemented. The democratic socialist movement in Syria is something to keep an eye on though. 
$C: get a room that shares as little walls with other tenants as possible, buy some insulation and acoustic foam and slap it onto the walls.Play in that room as much as you can. beyond that, approach your neighbors and mention to them how you wish to pick up your old passion and ask them how much noise they are willing to tolerate and when the best times to play without disturbing them, and ask them to just text you whenever it gets too loud.An apartment shouldn't keep you from playing, you just have to be considerate of the people around you who may not want it. I for one love leaving my windows open during the summer and being able to hear the neighbors piano.
$C: They make some low volume instruments you could use in your apartment. I'm not a sax player (I can play but not great. Just liked to learn a bunch while I was able to) so I don't know how different the feel of playing it would be but any playing is better than no playing.

One of my friends likes to stuff some old shirts in her sax to quiet it a bit when she practices. It's not the best but it helps 
$C: Dude, go the park, or even downtown on a day off. I used to bartend downtown in the fourth largest city in the United States, and sometimes there'd be twenty (brass, horns. Idk the proper term) players playing at 2 am when we closed the bar. People loved them, I'm sure they made a little money, but you could tell they did it because they loved it. 
$C: Not to be rude, but you'll find time is a vacuum.  If you wait for free time, something else will get sucked in to fill it.  If it's something you really want to do, make time.  And not generally speaking, I mean block off time.  13 hours is a lot, but that still leaves 4 to 5 waking hours, plus weekends.  I remember practicing guitar for my last hour before sleep after working 2 jobs and daily classes.  Not preaching, I gave up guitar as it wasn't enjoyable to me, but just know you can always make time.
$C: 65 hours a week is a grind. I know a lot of people out there work their asses off, but kudos to you. Like the letter says, tough people last. Sounds like you’re one of those. 
$C: What is your plan for getting out of this job?


$C: soundcloud is a website to stream music, mostly amateurs. I haven't heard people call electronic music techno in ages, do you listen to techno?

$C: Sweet! 
$C: I hate saying you can't achieve something, I do think it's possible to become a successful musician even if you start late but there are less opportunities. It really depends on your goal, you might not be able to play Carnegie Hall but that doesn't mean you can't make it in music.
$C: What instrument are you wanting? Once you learn how to play all 12 keys, you just have to learn intervals since intervals are always the same.

For instance, find something to play a drone note somewhere in your vocal range. Match it's pitch with your voice and hum the first three notes of twinkle twinkle Little Star. Hold out that third note, it should sound really good with the original note and sort of "lock in". This interval is called the perfect fifth. 

The second note of "oh Christmas tree" is a perfect fourth. You can use oh Christmas tree to tune all but one of the strings on a guitar or all of the strings on an electric or upright bass. 
$C: *Real* Fake Reviews.
$C: Deep state 21 year-old redditors using deep-fake technology to post deep-tear heartwarming FAKE BLUES on trumpet to bump sales at their small-town music store as THOUSANDS of redditors RUSH to buy trumpets! Or, you know, check ops other posts. Clearly not fake.
$C: The website's last news update is from 2016. Someone oversold the idea of keeping it and it was just too much effort. 

Why not just do a nice and timeless company site? This kind of stuff pisses me off. 

I wouldn't mind doing the design bit, there's so much that could look better and be more attractive... 
$C: Honestly it'd be more worth everyone's time to get them set up on one of the myriad of stupid-simple business site hosting platforms like Squarespace or Wix and throw in some money for a few years of hosting.  No development needed and easy maintainability.
$C: Yep!! I had a particularly militant “developer” - and I use that term in the loosest possible sense. Who had been employed (and paid) to develop a bespoke website for my ex-colleague’s new company. Anyway... After about 6 months of precisely zero effort/work/communication, she asked me to do it. I agreed to match his (suspiciously low) fee because she was in trouble and desperately needed the site up and running.

Anyway, the process obviously involved trying to recover and transfer ownership of the domain name. What a complete nightmare. Spent hours on the phone to this guy, who promised the world and delivered nothing. Then he started “suggesting” that if I paid him for his time, the process would go more quickly. This suggestion was more than the fee he had initially quoted for the entire website.

Thankfully, I was able to strongarm him by faking a solicitor’s letter to his address, threatening court action and damages, etc. He coughed it up instantly at that point but what a douche!! I’d name the company because he fully deserves any and all bad publicity but I’m not sure Reddit is the place. 
$C: Well I'd rather have someone be nice to me selfishly than someone say "Get bent" when I need it.
$C: Capitalism makes even bad people act in the interest of others. :)
$C: [Like this?](https://pics.me.me/24811812513198111524-6h-210-this-is-why-a-strong-coffee-to-17131158.png)
$C: There are cloud and web based solutions, like dashlane, lastpass, and zoho vault. You can go to the website and get your password from that without installing any software. Alternatively you can get it on your phone and then type it in, which is certainly not ideal, but it works.
$C: apparently the dude (Okaffor) is OP's uncle. lol, that's a plot twist. and yes, i read all 27 pages of the report
$C: 
Well last I read (last year) they were still losing money. I can't speak for the mobile app since I use a third party one (if you make a GOOD app/interface to reddit you can make a lot of money because you don't have the server costs reddit does).

However, I'm guessing the ads are like the ones on the redesign. Not google ads. Google ads match the content of the page you are on which means your reddit name as well, and google knows who you are generally. A leak could mean people could see your reddit posts (even deleted ones thanks to mirror websites. Even if you delete a post just minutes after posting, it can easily be found for free) tied to your email/real identity. That would be bad.

So they have to use ad networks that know much much less about you, so they get paid far less than Google ads pays. If reddit one day just switched to a few google ads, they would make an insane amount of money....until people move to the next platform promising anonymity.

That said, if you use chrome, google probably already knows your reddit account from browser history. But the illusion of control/privacy is critical for a site like reddit. Getting ads related to thing's you viewed/posted on reddit would creep me the fuck out.

TLDR: Reddit has to use low paying ad networks to seem anonymous/trustworthy. Google probably knows your reddit accounts anyway though. I'm sorry I wrote all this you probably don't care to know all that, I'm high. Forgive me.

**EDIT The new design reddit DOES use google ads. Be warned.
**
$C: Why don't you contact the super religious owner and see if he doesn't tell you exactly what I'm telling you right now, that you should donate to a charity? Businesses aren't in the habit of accepting charity. It's an insult to them as business owners frankly. 

If you want to support the store go buy something from them. 
$C: Then it'd be easy for people to bypass.

>Oh hey I wanna make a post and not have it auto-tagged. Hmm lets see... Trumpe sucks booty. Yup that works
$C: What
$C: Psh. You believe in a bot?
$C: Living the foodie dream! Most don't get to do what they have loved since childhood.
$C: Usually someone would say lived “off my parent’s money.” In English the possessive ‘s is a lot more common in daily use than other forms (in this case, “the money of my parents” would never be used irl whereas “my parent’s money” sounds like a native speaker.)


Irl, I wouldn’t phrase it like that since most Americans have a negative connotation to that phrase. Like it’s something we would say about someone else while gossiping but not about ourselves. Generally things get more formal when talking about money unless you’re super close with that person so I would say “My parent’s help me out while I go to school.” The financial part is usually implied.


I’m not sure why most of us Americans stigmatize getting money from others (*especially* the government.) Online it’s fine either way though! 


Also congrats on that second degree!
$C: Someone should alert the victim's father about this thread, I'm sure he has a very different point of view. He runs a really active victims' rights twitter account.
$C: Ah ok thanks for the reply
$C: [deleted]
$C: More so the fact that you’re being a generally unpleasant person on a very wholesome post. 
$C: I didn’t say vegetarian .
$C: Well played
$C: crombones. Crubas. 
$C: Tri angling for a happier outlook on life,  I've found cymbalism really helps people in their time of need.
$C: Karmole
$C: This meme is one of those that never get old
$C: Nani?
$C: Forgive me, master. I'll have to take everything up an octave just this once...
$C: http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/i-studied-the-blade
$C: NANI?
$C: I'll donate 200 Czech Crowns, which is like $10 in real money.
$C: I’d say look up allegro music center on the net (looks like they moved). Pop your fiver in an envelope and tell them you’d like to help buy a trumpet for a student who needs one. 

Think of how cool they would find it if you never mention the reddit story at first (eventually tip them off so we can hear about it of course) and they keep opening mail with money to help kids get a trumpet.
$C: I just popped 5 in an envelope with the letter. 
$C: Send it my PayPal account I'll pass on the money no problem.
$C: I use to have 5 bandwidth and no kids.  Now I have 2 bandwidth and 2.5 kids :(
$C: Take my 3 bandwidth also 
$C: It's been Lennied.
$C: I'd donate 3 of those!
$C: "We'd like to buy five dozen of your $3 trumpets please."
$C: I'm in!
$C: *sad toot*
$C: I have decided to forgive rent payments on Jacques' kazoo.
$C: It’s plastic and blows bubbles
$C: are you fcking serious, you trying to rob us in bright daylight? 3 focken dollarydoodoos??
$C: I've got a $3 trumpet you can blow on if you like. 
$C: Maybe he was German and you showed no talent whatsoever
$C: No. That's how I would speak it as well in America. I was pointing out that in text my mind registers it differently at first.
$C: Someone asked what trumpets cost so...

I guess with my spin on the idea, a dealer would probably be happy to get any number of cost-free trumpets to offset "renting" free of charge to someone like the kid/parent in the original letter if he was so charitably inclined again.  

So this type of act by Mr Dealer may end up actually cost him nothing if he had some extra trumpets - so he can try to stay in business - and it also fits within the spirit of a kid not being deprived of an instrument.  

You know, if someone "rents" a trumpet and has a hardship and can't pay, Mr Dealer then has a couple of other ones he can rent out and still generate income to stay open.

Considering most kids pick up a musical instrument and quit in 2 years...why limit it to one or two kids with outright giveaways?  

It's just an opinion.  Do whatever you want with the whole idea.  I'm nodding off in my chair here, so If I'm repetitive or rambling, sorry about that.
$C: The saddest part is that as a low brass player I wish I could get a professional horn for that cheap 
$C: That’s not even that bad for trumpets.
$C: Yikes 
$C: This guy experts
$C: I pictured him twirling his waxed moustache. I'm slightly concerned that if she refuses his proposal she will end up tied to the railroad tracks.
$C: This isn’t real.... is it?
$C: You're so welcome
$C: But all I really want is to hold you tight
$C: Christine Miller trying her best to save everyone is heartbreaking. 
$C: If someone can play Wonderwall on a tambourine, that's exceedingly special. 
$C: On the tambourine
$C: I met a guy once that could do them in time for triplets and 1/16th notes. Crazy cool drummer!
$C: Yeah I love doing that, I’m still not sure what it’s called too lol
$C: Have played guitar for over a decade, played drums off and on for 7, can find my way around a bunch of other instruments, can't play tambourine worth a shit. Shakers also give me trouble. It's like the universe is taunting me.
$C: Hey at least they aren't shitting.
$C: Just did some googling, there may not be a Florida DCA corps anymore 😕
$C: Had a friend in the woodwind section oversleep during a band camp lunch break & she was two minutes late. The way that 40+ old man lit her ass up....
$C: I feel like /r/wholesomememes is leaking all over Reddit lately, which is awesome. Your videos of Beijing saxophone practice out in the sun and under lovely spring blooms are definitely wholesome.

I'm a world away, and I _love_ these people for taking their music practice so seriously that they go outside and jam because they're too polite to annoy their neighbors.
$C: It sounds like you’re walking into a saxophone retirement home, where they’re all complaining about how tired they are. 
$C: That's beautiful.
$C: Idk why but that made me laugh a lot \(still cool though! it was cool\)
$C: I love this :)
$C: It was in Buenos Aires, Argentina!

I was unfazed because at the time I was a teenager taking both Irish dancing and Highland dancing classes. I wish I had at least given him a thumbs-up, though.

I don't think the bagpiper was doing it ironically, and as I recall, there was nothing in front of him to collect coins. He was, after all, in the middle of a street with nowhere for people to stop by. And it wasn't Saint Patrick's Day. He was playing Scottish pipes, anyway, not uilleann.
$C: ^^^BRRRRRRRR ^^^BRrrr ^^^BRrr ^^^BRrRRrrrRRRRR
$C: There are MIDI wind controllers which are saxophone\-like. I don't have any woodwind experience, so I don't know how realistic they'd be to play, but I assume they don't make any sound.

As a trumpet player, I know that the trumpet\-shaped MIDI wind controllers are not like playing a brass instrument at all.
$C: I just wanted to say hi, I live in Australia and I also played clarinet when I was in year 3.
$C: I've not seen Whiplash so I missed the reference. I literally just thought the person was talking about an experience they'd had, which was entirely believable because I've seen it happen too. Band leaders are, uh, intense people. 
$C: Yup
$C: The majority of my friends in middle school were in band, and it took me only two stories of their band director throwing music stands for me to not be surprised by it.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Luckily mine was just a passive aggressive lil bitch instead
$C: I still haven't seen it, but I've definitely had a marker thrown at me. 
$C: I still remember my band teacher in middle school breaking a drumstick on his stand and throwing the broken pieces at a student.
$C: You mean *"band"* not,  a band. 
$C: Yeah this. Had a horrible realization recently after spending nearly two whole evenings debugging what I thought were latency correction issues with my DAW - turns out the latency problem was ME! I measured it and I habitually play (guitar and keys) ahead of the beat by around 30ms (probably because I monitor via my DAW and play through an amp sim!)
$C: I can confirm that I have seen people have shit thrown at them in band class by a very large and angry band teacher.
$C: No, just referencing the movie Whiplash.
$C: It’s really anything within grasping reach while he’s pissed. Drumsticks, erasers, a bottle of valve oil, a clarinet mouthpiece... Whatever works.
$C: Orchestra isn’t quite as outwardly intense. Orchestra directors are the ones that don’t need a megaphone and curse words to tear you a new one. They’ll calmly and articulately explain how you fucked up, and make you feel about 6” tall without ever raising their voice.
$C: It's a reference to Whiplash, a great movie about jazz drummig.
$C: Not nice. 
$C: Pro anything becomes a job
$C: Oh *man* I can relate to this so much, it's godawful. I don't even have a job yet!
$C: Happiness tends to always revert towards a baseline, unfortunately. 
$C: Yeah, I don’t think a lot of people realize how difficult it is to be a professional musician. Grueling, time consuming, expensive...really fucking hard. I have a huge amount of respect for the people in my life who are on that path and the few who have actually made it. 
$C: Same. Had more fun since I stopped getting paid for it
$C: Speaking of paying it forward, your mom gave me an excellent hand drum. 
$C: I wish a drum kit didn't take up so much space so I could still have mine for when I have more space and more space around my space without people who might not enjoy hearing me play my drum kit. I made a profit from the sale (and I'm pretty sure the guy I sold them to also did since it was still a really good deal), but I'd still rather have a drum kit.

I kept the cow bell, at least. You gotta have more cow bell.
$C: Full moon drum circles?
$C: Not for your neighbors.
$C: I'm looking for a present for a drummer, what kind of hand drums do you have?
$C: Man walks down the street
He says why am I soft in the middle now
Why am I soft in the middle
The rest of my life is so hard
$C: You should give up. I'll take the guitars off your hands for 10 bucks each.
$C: If you wanted to play your guitar more you would find the times. All I'm seeing is a copout for not doing it. Give up something else or suffer.
$C: OP came here for the karma but is getting guilted into charity. Abort abort
$C: I read this in the "your mom hand-drummed me" thread and pictured his mom donating a bunch of handies..........
$C: Buy a new one and donate the new one to pay it forwards, /u/jacques4801 is still using his and it clearly has sentimental value.
$C: Lol that is so true. The last person who needs a piece of shit instrument is a beginner who cant tell that its not their fault they sound like doodoo
$C: That would be a bit stalky. Best not to think about it you crazy fuck.
$C: Then we can analyze the dna found inside of the trumpet and construct an alternate OP, one that *has* become a world class trumpet player and he can take that rented trumpet to the top of the charts, stadiums all over the world. Only then has he fulfilled the circumstances of this contract and only then can the world hope to find peace. 
$C: My god that is a poorly worded comment, 
Imma leave it tho
$C: I can't put the it all together, but it has something to do with penis.
$C: Do you want SWATing? Because this is how you get SWATing
$C: WE NEED AN ADULT
$C: IT WAS A GOD DAMNED MASSACRE
$C: Take OP to /r/KarmaCourt 
$C: >decades 

The letter's dated 2009


$C: You should donate a trumpet to a school 
$C: From the comments: 

> Behold! 
>
>The physical manifestation of artistic self doubt.﻿
$C: That's uh..that's definitely a small angry man.
$C: That seems self directed. 
$C: MAYBE EVERYONE ELSE WANT'S TO ENJOY THE PEACE AND QUIET!!!!
$C: omg i wish he just kept blowing the trumpet at him in response

$C: Wow! That's my favorite YT video of all time. I think about it every time I'm in doubt and need reassurance. Believe it or not, it's a great motivator to carry on with your passion. That little man is something special, no doubt. 
$C: This guy seems like a character straight out of Rick and Morty. Voice, appearance, cadence of his rant. Wow. 
$C: Wow that guy is extremely attractive.
$C: /r/trumpetkeeping
$C: this dude is missing a torso﻿


$C: This is absolutely hilarious. Any idea who that guy is? He claims to be a big shot.
$C: I'm not convinced that isn't an elaborate piece of performance art. 
$C: Ah. I hate this man
$C: If they mated: Paul Simon and Andre the Giant
$C: r/publicfreakout
$C: He looks like a smaller version of Javier Bardem from No Country for Old Men.
$C: Hoo boy lot of anti-Semitism going on in the YouTube comments 
$C: He’s an angry elf! 
$C: You ever just see a person and just go, "yeah... yeah that guy is Jewish."
$C: Punching people who do things like this should not be considered assault. 
$C: someone needs a nap
$C: Holy shit. My sides. His sides?

Much projection so wow
$C: Wow that guy needs help. 
$C: Holy shit that angry man’s been beaten with an ugly stick. 
$C: How is he 4 feet of pants and 6 inches of shirt?
$C: > This guy could use some trumpet lessons

He made some valid points.

$C: There is no imaginable way to pay it forward other than to send it to me along with an iTunes gift card. 
$C: I agree with you.  A music teacher would love to hear that a person is still gaining enjoyment from music as an adult.  It's pretty much the goal of any music teacher.  To instill a lifelong enjoyment from music.
$C: You might really be over estimating what a student trumpet costs.

*Just my quick google. https://www.google.com/search?q=student+trumpet&client=ms-android-verizon&prmd=sivn&source=lnms&tbm=shop&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwiKqNK7_JrbAhUHzVMKHVEdCgAQ_AUIESgB 
$C: [deleted]
$C: fine ill buy the fucking trumpet from him and give it to someone more deserving.
$C: He didn't know about the letter until recently and when asked if he paid it forward he said he still had it. 
$C: Yea? what's wrong with that. As you get older you realize that the things you have can enrich someone else's life far more.
$C: Noise tube accurately describes my level of trombone playing.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Yea I remember being one of those kids that were laughed at
$C: Sounds like my type of band
$C: Mr Stark, I don't feel so good :(
$C: Here and there, I guess, but overall?

Damn. That one hits hard. 
$C: Holy shit, you're right.
$C: I'm convinced that's when we jumped timelines. Did the world end? No. But there's an alternate 2012 timeline where the chosen ones have discovered unlimited energy and a cure for all cancer.

We are the wicked ones. 
$C: Oh
$C: I think you should copy & paste this comment on every post- be *that * guy.
$C: Jokes on you I haven't felt alive since 2009
$C: Oh my god...
$C: Why do you have to remind me 
$C: r/2meirl4meirl
$C: Do you ever yearn?
$C: Definitely yes. All my kids were born in 2012 or later.
$C: gilded off a ripped off tweet
$C: Amazing daughter isn't two yet, but I get smell what you're stepping in, Holmes.
$C: If you make it past March you'll know it's August
$C: Nothing to be sorry about! Reminded me of something from my late teens/high school days. Getting fucking old, which I'd never expect to say as a 00's young person. Personally, I think it would be nice if he still had his silver trumpet... but it is what it is. His parents took in so many kids. He had 2 brothers, between the 3 of them we were all friends with everybody. Every kid that needed some place to stay, that needed help with anything... his parents were/are those parents everyone turned to. So I'm a bit disappointed in myself that I "let him"/participated in the smoking away of his trumpet... but at the time I wasn't. Nothing to be sorry about. Everyone is still going strong, it's just he doesn't presently own a silver trumpet (that he wouldn't have been playing anyways). It'd be nice if he did but maybe it ended up in the hands of someone who actually used it! I just feel bad for his parents. Good people who bought their son a nice ass trumpet. But I'm probably the only person who even remembers all this. Oh well. 
$C: You just joking or is this serious? I'm aware "rusty trombone" has a different meaning (I think). I want to hear the story behind the rusty trombone and the coke if there is one
$C: You don't understand what charity means.
$C: Is it nice to give back when you've been given something? Of course. It's a little much to impose a duty on someone when they didn't ask for your help in the first place though.

Not to mention that it's downright stupid to say that he has to give away something he was given and still uses just because it was given to him charitably.
$C: So then his mom should pay it forward not him 
$C: Yeah, although there is a big difference between encouraging someone to participate and shaming them for only accepting charity.

I think it's best for people to give without expectation.
$C: This bothers me the most. A good instrument is not just a tool.
$C: Quite the master 'bator
$C: Life isn’t just about fulfilling obligations, it’s about doing what is right and moral. That’s obviously a concept that escapes you. And no one suggested he should buy a random kid a new trumpet, just pass on the one he was gifted to a kid that can’t afford to buy one 
$C: Many people own at least one book that they will never read. As one of the best selling but least read books of all time, the Bible is an excellent example of an unneeded possession that could be easily given away to someone who might appreciate it more.
$C: Well, at least I’m not you.
$C: Sheets of empty canvass...

Ah, nostalgia
$C: Fucking Jeremy still got his damn gun. 
$C: https://www.thomann.de/gb/bb_trumpets.html?oa=pra

as low as 100 u can get a starter. this will be good enough for the first 3/4 months till u learn how to too your wimpy little horn gently.

u then can sell it easy for 70$ to another new student.
$C: Yup! Played French Horn in middle school too. Was glad they didn’t make us buy them like other instruments did but at the same time now only having my two mouth pieces from over a decade ago sorta makes me sad. A couple times have thought about picking it back up but money/not wanting to put neighbors through relearning it all definitely makes it a no go for now. Haha
$C: My dad steered me away from French Horn when I was making my decision on what I wanted to play. Only realizing now that he probably did that because of the cost! 
$C: Dang, $3,000! Clown horns are like 6 bux, should've got one of those instead. 
$C: Tuba here: 7k for a refurb. 
$C: Some of the really top-of-the-line instruments cost even a lot more than that. My clarinets (most professionals have a set of 2 clarinets pitched a half step apart) cost about $20,000 total for the two of them. Some very old violins are worth millions. 
$C: Yeah, i'd say a beginner is probably fine with one around 500. Those cheaper trumpets arent good for much.

If you're still playing one in high school, you probably want to upgrade to an intermediate one if you can. 
$C: You say they aren’t worth shit, but you’re wrong. They have their place. If you have a child that wants to play trumpet and don’t know if they will stick with it, you buy the $125 trumpet and see how it goes. You can upgrade later. 

Source: Father of a child that used to play trumpet. 
$C: Apologies. I was gonna edit it too sound less smarty-pants - but im lazy. Those Violins are pieces of art!
$C: Have you looked into Wessex tubas?
$C: Yeah for 85 bucks what the fuck are they making it out of? Aluminum, and then just coloring it brass?
$C: As someone that has played music, specifically trumpet, at varying degrees professionalism, I can virtually guarantee that $85 horn was made very quickly with a little in the way of quality control. If you don't know what you're looking for, you might not notice the problems. That said, it is extremely possible to get an instrument that is so terrible that it actively impedes your ability to learn to play. I wouldn't say that the student needs a $500 horn, and you can probably find a perfectly serviceable used player around $100 if you stalk Craigslist and pawn shops, but that $85 horn is not going to be something the student is able to learn on and it's going to be next to impossible to get what you paid for out of it if you try to sell it again. That price tag obviously appeals to parents on a budget for good reason, but this is an instance of being penny-wise and pound-foolish.
$C: It's going to hinder your progress sooner or later, and the shoddier the instrument the sooner that'll be. If you're pretty sure you're sticking with it in the long run, it's better to pay up front for a higher\-quality instrument. I was fortunate enough to be given a professional instrument by a former teacher when I was in high school, and the difference between that and what my parents could afford at the time was night and day. I kept that instrument all through high school and college \(did one of my degrees in performance\), then passed it down to my younger sister.
$C: If they want to sound good, yes they do.
$C: There's a floor below which an instrument is difficult to play and wouldn't sound good even for a professional player. Once you're below a few hundred dollars for a musical instrument, it's probably not worth anything. 

There's a lot of cheap poor quality instruments coming out of China. I've had the experience of an $80 violin. Crappy strings that sound bad and turn your fingers black. Rosin that will barely get on the bow hair. Bow hair made out of...Something.  A hard liquor finish on the instrument that kills the sound. And tuning pegs that won't turn freely, slip, and often won't hold pitch. 

Giving that to someone trying to learn is more of a handicap than anything. Spending a few hundred would get a viable starter instrument, but a good quality student violin is more like $2000-$3000, which is why rentals are a thing. 

This applies to most mainstream musical instruments. 
$C: This is perfect because you have to basically blow a raspberry to make a note on the trumpet, and in the UK trump means fart.
$C: It's the best hair. Believe me.
$C: OH! Yeah, that's definitely a thing. I don't think it'd be possible to fix that with simple string matching, though
$C: \>a communist system has never been properly implemented

I wonder why
$C: 13 hours + hour drive to and then hour back.. the rest is sleeping  because it's a physical job.. but yes your right I have weekends if I sacrifice sleep and the usual shopping. After doing constant picking up 40lbs boxes putting on pallets and walking them around a huge warehouse I feel way to tired to do anything. The only free time I get at work is times like now where I take a breather and get some water..I am reaching my breaking point already though i talked to one of my supervisors yesterday explaining how I feel and what I am asking for
$C: It's a grind and the cause to all my health problems :p
$C: When I get the response this week if I can change positions to something that isnt based on warehouse production. Especialy since my little sister just got a job at what a burger and will be basically making $1  less than me per hour. I am on edge here so SOON hopefuly
$C: I listen to deadmau5 and stuff with good beats in that genre at least. Basically if you YouTube Whysodank I like most of the songs in the playlist. BUT the music I make compared to the music I listen to is FAR different. I only recently upgraded to using Massive plugin.  I used octopus and FM8 for years on and off until I started working in this hell..
$C: Piano.  So like my issue for example is I can't tell if twinkle twinkle is (making up notes) A-A, A-A or B-A, B-A or even maybe A-A B-B

I'm so bad I can't tell if the notes are repeating in pairs, or if the pairs are changing between each twinkle. 

And then we get to little and that just makes it worse.


(I'm leaning with NOTE NOTE, SLIGHTLY HIGHER NOTE, SAME SLIGHTLY HIGHER NOTE, ORIGINAL NOTE, ORIGINAL NOTE)


Edit:

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Twinkle,_Twinkle,_Little_Star#/media/File%3ATwinkle_Twinkle_Little_Star.png

 I can read the sheet music for simple notes for c5 (I think?), so I guess it's CC GG AA.  None of my guesses were right about the progression. :(
$C: Was just thinking the same thing. I'm a content writer. With the guy above being a developer and you being a designer, between the 3 of us, perhaps we can help?



I grew up in Oviedo, not too far from Casselberry and my dad and step-mom live close to Casselberry now. Would be great to give back to this guy. Their website needs updating and it doesn't look like they have any social media pages.
$C: What's the worst that could happen?
$C: [deleted]
$C: Kinda like my windows xp code.  

My sexy woman ->

MY 6T W ->

Mttxt

Yx86q

6pc2m

Ttxdt

Wdm8k



I memorized that about 15 years ago lol.  Still remember it. 

$C: Interesting. How secure are those cloud and web based things? I mean, shit, look at Equifax and all the other places having issues. I wouldn't mind being more secure with my passwords but the only thing I've ever seen was on my Mac both at work and at home, it will save passwords for you. 
$C: It was an interesting and engrossing read to say the least. Really satisfying when the cops had the girlfriend caught in her lies.

She got off easy though. No way she didn't know exactly what was going down:

http://www.orlandosentinel.com/news/breaking-news/os-sherria-gordon-nesly-ciceron-20151214-story.html
$C: No, that’s actually quite interesting. I didn’t know that. It makes sense though.
$C: Good to know you're a mind reader and know how every Business owner in the world thinks. Must be such a burden to know everything. Tell me, what do the College of Cardinals think when I donate to a business?

This business owner may very well not want charity, who the fuck knows. But it's not on YOU to tell OTHERS what to do with their money and their donations. You want to donate to charity? Knock yourself out bud, but if someone else wants to donate to a business then just shut up and let them. If the owner refuses, that's their prerogative. 
$C: A post like that would just get deleted anyways for being garbage. 
$C: As I said.
$C: I believe that they told the bot to comment on anything with "trump" in the title that it's US Politics.
$C: I feel ya honestly I worked in an office 9-5 after college till they sold the company and let everyone go that's the hard times I mentioned but that bad gives you perspective and I decided if I could fail doing something I hated why not try something I loved and here we are now 
$C: thanks for the long explanation. didnt expect it, but its really appreciated.

Thanks :)

have a nice day
$C: Done▪ im d father ☆ thanks for posting the truth.
$C: How are you missing the point so easily? He's just joking about how weird most black names sound. It's not about spelling.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Mayhaps some drumsticks for lunch ?
$C: These puns are bass-ic
$C: Flute.
$C: crontupisto
$C: Holy Karmole
$C: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HdWcCnJIEGs](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HdWcCnJIEGs)
$C: LOL I think this way too living in Prague
$C: [30'000 schrute bucks from me](https://i.redd.it/ivn924gwgpiy.png)
$C: I'd easily chuck in $20 aud, if money gets tight and you guys need more to get the ball rolling, I can probably double it, I just spend it all on cars and drones anyways.
$C: Yeah but it sounds nice because they're called Crowns. It's a very royal sounding money. The King approves.
$C: So basically one budwar lager/black shanty
$C: Man, few years ago when i exchanged my pounds for czech crowns, felt like a fucking king walking out of the currency exchange with massive fat stacks of cash. 

Also Prague; fucking beautiful. Would go there every year if i could. 
$C: How many pilsners is that? 50?
$C: Haha real money
$C: Ah yes.  If you do that we can Prague-nosticate good fortune in this endeavor!
$C: [removed]
$C: I don't think they moved. If you type in Allegro Music Center and nothing more, it'll show a hit for Miami. That wouldn't be his. 

When you type in Casselberry, which is in Central Florida, google shows the same address as found on that letter. That's him.

If Reddit wants to return the goodness specifically for this person's business, they should direct their efforts to the address in Casselberry.
$C: >looks like they moved

They're still on 436 in Casselberry.   Literally within walking distance from my place.
$C: But what about the kid who needs a saxamaphone?!? He could be the next Kenny G!?!
$C: I'd donate 3 - 4.00 of them.
$C: Stealing dollarydoodoos
$C: Sorry, I'm a one-trumpet kinda lady
$C: I have a lot of opinions. They get away from me sometimes.
$C: No, the explosives in firecrackers are usually made of black powder mixed with different chemicals that burn in different colors. It wouldn't get you high, it'd probably just dry out your sinuses and cause painful irritation.
$C: Day no, week=made
$C: gnaw on your face
$C: Treat you right, be with you day and night...
$C: Treat you right

Be with you day and night
$C: 🎵 AND AFTERRR AAAAALLL 🎵 
$C: Well now I know what I'm gonna go try and learn how to do for about 10 hours today lol.
$C: Shitting dick nipples is still my go to shock image, for some strange reason there's just so many people that have never seen it.
$C: Dang! Welp, maybe I can help start one back up. Never know until you try, right? Thanks again, friendo! 
$C: Didn’t know that Argentina had a Celtic bend. I’ve always liked the culture and wished that the US would borrow some.

Still, if it was Portland ... well I see a customer at work wearing a skirt everyday. I’m sure that he believes that he is a Celtic warrior ala Braveheart but it’s just a plaid pleated short dress. I just passed a homeless guy frantically waving his sign at me as I turned - fully two lanes away from him. And I can’t name a Scottish day that we celebrate here, although admittedly I don’t know much about musical instruments.
$C: Hi, are you from Sydney?
$C: GODDAMN FUCKING RIGHT WE ARE! 

IF PERCUSSION WOULD PULL THEIR STICKS OUT OF THEIR ASSES AND USE DUTS THROUGH THAT SECTION UNTIL THEY LEARN HOW TO ACTUALLY COUNT THEIR PART AND MARCH AT THE SAME TIME, AND WE COULD MOVE ON!

Now, from the D to the end, one more time! *throws clipboard from observation tower*
$C: Can confirm.  Someone caught a wooden meterstick to the face in my group.
$C: [deleted]
$C: It was the beginning of the school year, so ours was clearly letting everyone know he meant business.  Only it didn't quite go that way.

He was screaming at us so hard he spit a dental bridge out at us.

Everyone in that band room went from a state of 'oh shit....' to 'OH SHIT, LMAO' in about .5 seconds flat.   Beyond this, he was a great teacher and had many endearing qualities.
$C: >I've not seen Whiplash

Picture J.K. Simmons, bald & ripped as fuck, instructing a bunch of musical geniuses and using language coarser than 20 grit sandpaper every 15 seconds. It is pure art. Watch it ASAP.
$C: My director would keep a stack of those rubber pucks that cellos and basses use on his little stand. He'd frisbee them across the room on occasion, mostly if someone was fucking around and distracting other people. 
$C: *"I SAID MOTHERFUCKING F SHARP YOU DUMBASS. NOT F FLAT"*

-My 6th Grade band teacher Mr. Cahill
$C: I see you've never been in a band 
$C: More appropriately, there are a few band directors out there that AREN’T like that.

Source - I’m a band director.
$C: Ouch, that sounds like a tough habit to break.
$C: Valve oil might have been gold to us since nobody bothered keeping in their case. That stuff wouldn’t have been thrown. 
$C: A few years ago I was at a show and someone from the crowd yelled out, 'thanks for coming to Seattle!' and the lead singer said, 'why? This is our job...'

The singer was finishing his masters and had to take time away to write, record, and then tour for the record. I've seen them a few times, but you could tell that he just wanted to be anywhere else at that moment. 

After he said that it was their job, there was about three of the longest seconds of silence where the weight of the realization sunk in... that our favorite band wasn't touring purely for the joy of it. 
$C: Well, I mean that is the definition of the word "professional". 
$C: TIL.
$C: Yes, but there is a huge difference between working with professionals and working with total fucking cunts like I have to.

Some of these idiots can't even tie their shoes, but are given loaded weapons.

I'd kill to be working with professionals again.
$C: Even porn stars
$C: And with music you basically double (at least) the workload of an average job while eliminating almost any of the stability. 
$C: Eh, it really depends. It’s when you *have* to do something that it becomes a job. It’s the difference between waking up because you want to do something, vs having to wake up because of something.
$C: Darn, when I stopped getting paid it's mostly people forgot or refused to pay me for my service for whatever dumb reason lol
$C: Badum ^tss
$C: So then you owe a hand drum, pay it forward!
$C: Dude nice
$C: The Michael Scott in me just shat right where I was standing
$C: Badum ^twss
$C: Periodically shredded comment.
$C: https://m.imgur.com/TdZiFeC
$C: Im more of an ass tambourine man
$C: Seriously. you’re right. 100%. But honestly I’m just going to have to suffer for the time being until I can rearrange the priorities accordingly. ;)
$C: Life doesn’t work like that. All I’m seeing is a random person being an ass for some reason known only to them. People have things they are interested in doing and would if they had the opportunity, but life can simply just be filled with other duties and obligations that can’t be pushed aside. You seem like a person who has a lot of free time if you honestly believe what you said.

They gave a legitimate reason for being unable to have the time to put into something they clearly wish they did have the time for. All the things they listed are very time consuming to one degree or another, kids alone require a vast majority of a parents attention leaving them with very little free time. Perhaps they could work around those things In order to find the time to play but without having any of those things suffer or their kids feel neglected it would be very challenging. 
$C: Dude, that comment literally made me laugh out loud in bed and woke my wife up.
$C: OP got the wrong kind of karma!
$C: Or we could donate on his behalf.
$C: My entire Reddit career in a nutshell.
$C: Username checks out
$C: Sure, I guess he could donate to planned parenthood also while he's at it, seems fair
$C: Hey this persons right!  We gotta send a mob to this guys music store!
$C: Nope let's do it
$C: Well my first idea was to get op to do it, but I thought that might be too pushy. 
$C: I like how it is worded.  Like a really classy proverb about sucking dick.
$C: I doubt the trumpet was brand new 
$C: In today’s environment, you’d think it was decades ago. 
$C: That's point nine decades in my book.
$C: So almost a decade. 
$C: pedants doing the pedantic thing
$C: We should all write great reviews of this music center.
$C: Let's all donate trumpets to schools! Then music classes can replace the recorders with trumpets, which is better because they are louder and everyone will be able to hear the beautiful music played by the children!
$C: You should donate a school to a trumpet
$C: bet 
$C: Amazing
$C: The little troll in your head that tells you that you'll never be anything.
$C: Andre the Miniature
$C: I'm going to hit you with my bag.....you are much larger than me....I might just make the action and hope you are scared.
$C: [deleted]
$C: Agreed, halfway through, all I could think was "Oh, this poor, sad, angry man. He must really hate himself."

I think there was even a few moments where he kinda realized he was going overboard, but instead of backing off, he doubled down on his indignant rage, thinking maybe that would make him feel like he won.
$C: At exactly 2:06 you can see he knows it but continues talking to mirror 
$C: DO YOU HEAR THE SILENCE? WHAT DO YOU MEAN YOU CAN'T HEAR OVER MY YELLING 
$C: que?
$C: Just get a plunger mute and start imitating his cadence, and never stop, no matter how angry he gets. Follow him home right to his front door.
$C: [*wha whaa whAAAA*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4pF7wkG1UyI)
$C: He'd be an amazing motivational speaker if he wasn't so angry and mean. 
$C: Haha wow you're right, didn't see that until now! 
$C: almost an actor, if you will
$C: Awwww
$C: I see you read the youtube comments
$C: He has an extended back with a crack.
$C: That guy is the mayor of upper west side Manhattan aka "The coffee breath of neighborhoods."
$C: I think he said he played with Bob Dylan at Bill Graham's in 1975, s he might have been a trumpet player at https://www.rollingstone.com/music/live-reviews/nine-hours-of-peace-love-and-sports-dylan-brando-and-co-work-for-snack-19750508. He also said he trained in SF, and this was in SF.

The 200,000 people crowd number could have been hot air/embellishment, because about 60,000 were at that. 

edit: Says in article that a bunch of musicians crowded the stage to watch Dylan play, so his translation of leading Dylan onstage might have more accurately been him walking up to the stage with a shitload of other musicians, one of which was Dylan, and he might not have even been playing at the time.
$C: [The man's name is Douglas Levison. Apparently there's more to the story. The trumpet player almost ran him over with his bike.](http://gothamist.com/2015/05/22/trumpet_critic_still_got_it.php)
$C: My gut says this is staged but I hope not. Prove me wrong!
$C: It's certainly the most well-crafted street rant I've ever heard. It's weirdly beautiful.
$C: I choose to believe that it is
$C: Thanks! I hate it
$C: As an Aussie who has spent time in NY, there seems to be a rather large number of angry, rude Jewish people there....why are they all so surly and angry. 
$C: He must pay for his own flight to me where he will teach me to pay the trumpet or I will turn him in to the proper authorities.
$C: Where would you put the trumpet though? 
$C: I saw Whiplash, stop trying to sucker people in Big Band.
$C: I bought one used a few years ago and it was still over $300. Yeah you can buy one on Amazon for $150 but it's probably gonna be shit. 
$C: [Just pick up one of these](https://www.amazon.com/Kazoo-Company-202-Metal-Trumpet/dp/B003B0HUV8/ref=sr_1_10?ie=UTF8&qid=1527047961&sr=8-10&keywords=trumpet)
$C: They’re quite expensive
$C: I played violin, not a wind instrument, but in high school orchestra they told us the cheap violins you can find online are pretty much universally trash. The sound quality is bad, and they'd go out of tune all the time, which disrupts the whole orchestra when you have to stop and fix it. 

If you wanted to buy a violin, they'd help you appraise it to make sure you aren't getting ripped off. If you couldn't buy decent a violin outright you could rent one from the school for like $20/year. And if you couldn't afford that they'd work with you. But you weren't allowed to buy a trash violin online.
$C: You're missing the other point: dude still likes his old trumpet
$C: You don’t play an instrument, do you. 
$C: You do it asshole. Acting all moral and tightassed telling some guy to give away his fucking trumpet, go blow a trumpet out your ass, clown
$C: Just buy a different one, and/or he can pay it forward without getting rid of the trumpet. Life doesn't have to be hard with every thing.
$C: Who are we to decide who is deserving and who is not
$C: I hear the used trumpet market is burgeoning these days, you could find one for well below its original price with only gentle wear ~~probably~~ maybe
$C: Ok, send me all your shit.  All of it.
$C: It was sarcasm. You're making the exact same point. 
$C: You’re one of those kids now 
$C: Username checks out
$C: Sugar bear! 
$C: Too soon!! :’(
$C: Actually though I’m starting to think this is the way to go. I’ve gotten gold twice now and both were on copypastas. I wonder if that’s a complement to my prowess as a meme historian or an insult to my OC.
$C: I’m finally starting to forget that alive feeling.  I don’t want it back.   I preferred functionally numb. 
$C: Hey man I didn’t ask for this
$C: It’s just a dirty sexy joke... Sorry kid.
$C: > Is it nice to give back when you've been given something? Of course.

That's really all I'm arguing. Nobody's *imposing* anything. It's something I'd just hope you'd be inclined to do.

> Not to mention that it's downright stupid to say that he has to give away something he was given and still uses just because it was given to him charitably.

I definitely *don't* suggest that, as long as he's using it. And even after that, it has some meaning to him, presumably. Of course hang on to it. But maybe a comparable donation to a music program, or a family in a similar situation to what his was, could be nice.
$C: Yup, I still have most of the instruments I've played for school (the flute I owned and my piccolo) but I absolutely got attatched to my rental flute and the bassoon I borrowed from the school, and I miss being able to play them. Even though both had a lot of problems, it was almost more endearing, like a used car that you know all the tendencies of and how to fix it. Giving those up (especially the bassoon) was heartbreaking.
$C: Hahah, you wish you were me, then you wouldn't spend your life trying to be the shittiest version of a Christian jackass on the internet so you could feel like you're above someone for once in your life.
$C: Nah downvoted
$C: Thank you for your insight Tuba.
$C: Buy a used pro model horn. Intermediate horns have some pro features but beginner level construction. 
$C: They are the most overrated instruments of all time. Modern construction techniques blow them out of the water. But people need to hype up Stradivarius instruments because the classical world isn’t pretentious enough 
$C: Yeah it's kind of odd that bach called them that given the name connotation. I usually refer to them by their model number like "180S37"
$C: Where I live kids go through six months of "band" in the sixth grade. Everyone is ten and few kids want to do it. If kids show an interest, sure, buy them something nice. If a family is on a budget and just getting something because their kid has to do band then buy then a cheapo off Amazon and move on. 
$C: They are children in the school band, it isn't going to sound good regardless. 
$C: In the world of my instrument, we call those things CSOs, or "clarinet\-shaped objects."
$C: “Hard liquor finish on the instrument”

I hear that 
$C: He’s a real bassoon. 
$C: You can have all the pieces to a piece of furniture and still assemble it wrong. Just because something hasn’t been done correctly doesn’t make it impossible.

Edit: Also could have something to do with the decades of anti-communistic propaganda from America and the fact that every time a country experiments politically, America feels the need to “defend democracy.”
$C: Doesn't sound like a solid plan. Sounds like you're just hoping to slowly rank up at some depressing carreer.
$C: Oh nice! There's lots of great subreddits for electronic music, I'd start at /r/electrohouse if you like dradmau5, then just look at comments and stuff to songs you enjoy and find some more. But good luck on making music.
$C: Unless you're playing with a group or along to a song it's just the interval. Including black and white keys, a perfect fifth is always 7 keys to the right of your starting key. Piano is one of the easier ones to play by ear, as the keys themselves show you what note you're playing. 

I dont know what you're second paragraph means. 
$C: I don't even live in the USA, I just love a bit of the old "pay it forward" to good people. I could probably throw in some images for social media but have no time to manage a free account on the side. 

I can donate time for a pontual overhaul, tho. 
$C: Haha. Just checked and they no longer exist anyway. Hardly a massive surprise!
$C: They usually are pretty secure as they never store the actual passwords, just the encrypted version on their server. The passwords encrypted locally, so it's like giving the provider a locked box to store for you without the key and then them giving the box back to you and you open it.

Last pass in particular has had 2 different data breaches where no stored user vault passwords were stolen. They were very aggressive in notifying their users and if you use 2 factor authentication it's pretty secure and have since improved their security using Hardware Security Modules on their servers. Not as secure as a local password manager like keepass, but secure enough for most people to use without worrying.
$C: Glad you found it interesting. I have tendency to ramble and try to share too much. Its 50/50 on reddit if someone finds it interesting or thinks I'm just trying to sound smart lol.
$C: It's amazing how you've worked yourself into such a frothing fucking rage that you're telling me to shut the fuck up over this. Calm the fuck down. 
$C: Your comments are so strange dude

Are you some kind of neural network robot that is learning how to mimic an edgy human
$C: Cool. Good for you man!
$C: Appreciate it!
$C: And then show off your saxy moves.
$C: not of the skin brand I hope?
$C: heh


$C: You live in an awesome city. Went for the first time in October, the sex machine museum was an experience.
$C: I like the brothels. Say hello to Julia from me. 
$C: I translate to euros living in Hradec Králové but yeah same
$C: I’ll give you a billion Stanley nickels if you never talk to me again. 
$C: Oh what the hell, I can pitch in 5€. But I'll only be able to make the payment on the 1st or 2nd of may.  
Keep us posted!
$C: I'm good for $20 USD, I'll throw the check in the mail when I get to work this afternoon. I played flute in school, I know how expensive instruments are, and if I can help get someone who loves music a new instrument, I'd be thrilled!
$C: How do you pay in here? I’ll give $5. My broke ass would rather give good then buy dumb shit. 
$C: Beer is _much_ cheaper here. CZK 30–40 for a typical, off-the-shelf beer, up to CZK 60 for a craft special. Anything more is a rip-off.
$C: About 6.
$C: I’m putting in $50 with a printout of this letter and a copy/paste of the link to hide the cash in the envelope.

Figure he may feel good to know what happens when you act so selflessly in the 21st century.

Match me, reddit.
$C: Are we confirmed this is the right address? If so I'm gonna write a $10 check payable to Allegro Music Centre and drop it in the mail today.
$C: [removed]
$C: That’s not what I’m finding for allegro music center in Florida 
$C: Yours or trumpet man's?
$C: Good catch.
$C: Ok 3-4.00 $3-$400 trumpets coming right up! 
$C: That’s a good reason not to do it, but I think the sorts of people who might do it aren’t looking at good reasons not to do it. 
$C: Well that took an unexpected turn
$C: Leaving you innnnnn that place
$C: Genuine chuckle. Actually I can’t stop laughing.
$C: all i need is that bass
$C: Then play my trumpet
$C: CARL!
$C: This made me laugh out loud. I scared my cat. 
$C: Fuck u cindy
$C: Thank you for existing. 
$C: Many people today just haven't seen OG shock imagery in general. It's a shame.
$C: That would be awesome! There's one near me that went defunct years ago, it'd be awesome if someone could start it up again. If only 😯
$C: Well, sadly I've never been to the PNW, but I understand it's a little... uh... _strange_.

Argie still has a fair enough amount of Scots, enough to support the [Saint Andrew's Society of the River Plate](http://www.sasrp.org/), where I did Highland (in a room inside St Andrew's Church, naturally). They also have a pipe band that's still going strong, and the piper I saw might very well have been part of it.

And there's enough Irish to have at least one Irish dance troupe, which has expanded significantly since I left the country like 15 years ago: [Celtic Argentina](http://celticargentina.com/). Seriously, while a little cringey, those uniforms are dope compared to the sad little things I wore back then.
$C: I'm from Sydney. Hi!
$C: Nah I'm in adelaide.
$C: "Now one more time"

*396 times later*
$C: I mean, at least you didn't tell your percussion section that they were the reason ISIS was going to take us over.

Guy was absolutely insane. Once had a heart attack mid parade and didn't stop til they reached the end.
$C: So... This *has* to be a class they take or something, because either you had Mr. Dinkins, or all band directors are like this.
$C: Flashback to marching band messing up on the same part of drill for X time and our instructor going, "GOD-Bless America!!'
$C: Gee, this guy can't control his tempo.
$C: I've had things thrown, tears, rages and hissy fits. However, my band/choir teachers were some of the most compassionate and caring teachers I've ever had. Their emotional outbursts meant they truly cared about how well we did. They knew we had the potential and reminded us how dumb we were when we needed it. 
$C: > ACTUALLY COUNT THEIR PART AND MARCH AT THE SAME TIME

if we wanted to do that, we wouldn't be playing drums
$C: Excuse me, what's a dut?  Some of us had sex in high school, not band.
$C: So that's what they call it in band. 
$C: My band teacher was "intense" to say the least.  He would yell and throw things at the walls occasionally.  He passed away too soon because of cancer a couple years after I graduated.  Excellent band teacher though.  He had so many awards and trophies, it was impressive.
I would give anything to tell him "thank you" for the education he gave me.
RIP Gary Zolman
$C: Well WTF do you expect him to do when everyone else but you remembers their music? 
$C: I have adopted a 3ft long chunk of PVC pipe with a tuba mouthpiece taped onto it, it’s the perfect size to launch stashed up empty tubes of cork grease at people. HIGHLY effective. 
$C: Yup! You basically have to practice playing deliberately behind the beat. I've since found a few tutorials about this and they all agree it's one of the toughest but most important guitar exercises you can do!

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nurMXLoR4oI
$C: That was one of those things that my HS band director bought by the pallet full, and every brass player was expected to have in their pocket at all times. 

Then, when a low brass player played B natural instead of B flat, and blamed it on a stuck valve, the director would ask him where his valve oil was, while the student stalled and fumbled around in his pocket for a bottle of valve oil he knew damn well wasn’t there. That’s when the director would do a “valve oil check” where all the brass players would hold up their bottle of valve oil. Anyone that didn’t have theirs would have to go run at least one lap around the running track that goes around the football field.
$C: How do you enjoy tours. It’s tiring as hell
$C: Wow that's humanizing. What was the band?
$C: Well, thats not the most professional way to go about it.
$C: Not entirely!

If you work in a collaborative art, professionalism means more that you approach the work with care and diligence.

The idea that a professional is someone who just gets paid helps with income tax, surely, but it isn't what I think of first.

$C: Especially
$C: I stopped on purpose and went on a different professional direction. Now I enjoy much more when I have the chance to play

$C: It was more like "ratatatatatatata" for five minutes
$C: Bottom^tits
$C: Brilliant. 
$C: I am available for a hand drumming from /u/Pilgrimbeast 
$C: Being right is no excuse for being an asshole. I didn't mean for that to come out sounding the way it did. I apologize.
$C: Yeah. You took two long paragraphs to say what I said in a couple of sentences. I told them what I was trying to say and that I was sincerely sorry for it coming out sounding like I was intentionally being an asshole. That wasn't what I meant for it to be at all. Hope- fully they will accept my apology and we can move on and you can move along in search of somebody else's conversation in which to stick your nose.
$C: Abort abort 
$C: [deleted]
$C: I’m just here for the karma 😐
$C: I like you
$C: Overwatch recently did an event for breast cancer research. OP should help out as well. It truly is the only fair way.
$C: I see what you did there
$C: (Laughs awkwardly pretending I understand your username reference when I don't)
$C: Its all good 😉
$C: I doubt it was an ancient antique either though.
$C: When I was middle school (early 90’s) we played on instruments from the 60’s and they worked fine... what’s your point? It’s not like there is a new edition or feature coming out every year for your standard school music program instruments.

If it can be played what’s the issue? You’re talking about first time players not a professional orchestra.
$C: I wasn’t the one that thought he had an obligation to pay it forward. 
$C: That moment of pure impotent rage.
$C: No, he just knows if he hits him first it's an assault charge. 
$C: It seems to be a human of some kind
$C: Just because the guy in the video is a dick is no reason to be a dick about his physical appearance 
$C: You assume it would be embarrassing to have such a physical defect in contrast to your own normal self. But he wouldn't think his appearance is embarrassing because it's the only one he has. And nor he should be. 

Be loud, proud, and aggressive; that's my motto.
$C: Hi can we please just make fun of this guy because he’s crazy, off his rocker, and being an ass and not because of his physical appearance? Thank you. Have a nice night. 
$C: oh god. This reminds me of my neighbour repeatedly yelling "SHUT UP" at the people chatting slightly loud on the balcony across the street...
He disturbed me much more than they did.
$C: One of the few things that the little angry fellow screams at the trumpet guy in the vid. 
$C: 100% agreed. The guy clearly has a way with words and is very dynamic in his expressions.
$C: How else you think I'm going to gain karmas?
$C: One of the most important places in all of North America.
$C: https://everipedia.org/wiki/douglas-m-levinson-angry-trumpet-player/

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kBw6QZSua88

Enjoy.
$C: it's NYC
$C: A true artist respects the silence that serves as the foundation of creativity!
$C: It’s New York, everyone is angry and rude...it’s part of the appeal.
$C: It's hard to explain but I think they're raised to believe they're the chosen ones. I dated a Jewish girl from Long Island for a few years who's dad talked directly to people he wasn't happy with just like this.

I dunno, maybe someone else can explain it better. It's like a combination of the Jewish attitude and the NYC attitude melded together into some giant fussy asshole. 
$C: The plastic ones are supposed to be ok. https://ptrumpet.com
$C: At that price level it's not gonna sound like a 2000 dollar horn regardless. You buy a cheap horn to learn on and when you get pretty good you can shell out for a Xeno or a Strad or something
$C: Not about trumpets, but made me think of this video about the difference in sound between a $300 flute and a $20,000 flute: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IHMFdks4CGg](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IHMFdks4CGg)
$C: Go to a pawn shop and haggle.
$C: > Yeah you can buy one on Amazon for $150

Really? Nice, I’m gonna hold out for Cyber Monday and see if I can scoop one for $75-100. I’d like to play a musical interpretation of Yanny/Laurel and feel it would be worth it at this price point.
$C: Most people on this site wouldn't blink an eye at spending more that on a video game so. I guess it's relative.  Looks like the going price for a student one is about $150 of course you can spend more or less.
$C: A free trumpet is a free trumpet!
$C: I guess it's relavent. New you can get them for less than $150 used less than $100. Googled student trumpet, clicked on the shopping tab.

https://www.google.com/search?q=student+trumpet&client=ms-android-verizon&prmd=sivn&source=lnms&tbm=shop&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwiKqNK7_JrbAhUHzVMKHVEdCgAQ_AUIESgB


$C: [deleted]
$C: That's great. you can say whatever you want. YOU are missing the point. 
$C: [deleted]
$C: You should look into being a diplomat, LOL 
$C: Whoa bud
$C: Boy, that escalated quickly. 
$C: Do you know how much a trumpet costs?
$C: We're the responsible adults, decide. That's who we are.

If we didn't then our kids would still be sucking on our breasts long into their 20s. There comes a time when they're old enough to take care of themselves and ought to be encouraged to take care of others.
$C: Prove to me that you're a deserving of all my shit and I'll do it.
$C: Oh.
$C: except I can afford a trumpet now.
$C: Actually though I’m starting to think this is the way to go. I’ve gotten gold twice now and both were on copypastas. I wonder if that’s a complement to my prowess as a meme historian or an insult to my OC.


$C: Damn it! I thought someone was gonna have a story similar to my own...
$C: The thing in your first post that ran you into trouble was your first sentence:  you called it an "obligation" which suggests you must do it.  It suggests a "duty" as thisesmeaningless said.  The rest of your post was fine. 
$C: May the rest of your life be as pleasant as you are.
$C: Definitely an option as well. 

I know a bunch of drum corps will use their horns for a single season and put them up for sale for a solid price. Not a bad deal for a horn with 3 months usage on it. 
$C: Or you know, when playing a strad your holding 250+ years of an artisanal crafted instrument. I mean sure, maybe the wood affects the tone by .5% and the crafting by little more, but you can’t say a Strad is not something to gawk at. 


Maybe overrated, but history nonetheless. Sure a pre-war Gibson may not be any better then a modern-day one, but the history and age alone adds an exciting story to the life of the instrument - which can’t be taken away. 


As instruments age, the wood does too. And from my understanding Strads are made from a very dense wood which we dont have at our disposal today. Either that or the wood after years has changed to create a sound and feel that can barely be replicated.
$C: And if a kid's first experience with an instrument is "this thing sounds terrible" or "this is impossible to play" or "I suck at this," they're far less likely to want to continue practicing with it. Which is what's going to happen if you give them the cheapest trumpet you found on Google.
$C: Why would you buy a useless horn off of Amazon that the kid can't play and you can't resell if the kid has no interest? Buy a used student horn from a reliable (read: not mass produced import) manufacturer for about 15 bucks more (or maybe less- I've seen passable horns sell for 50 bucks). Then if the kid has an interest, they've got a horn for a few years until it's time to upgrade. If they don't, resell it and recoup the investment. There's no reason to buy one of these terrible terrible horns that will best case scenario fall apart in a couple of years or worst case scenario cause the child to become frustrated with the instrument or develop bad playing habits that will be difficult to correct later.
$C: This is why most schools have inexpensive but still nice enough starter instruments for the 10 year olds to learn off of. If your kid makes it past the first semester and still likes the instrument then the rich kids get an instrument bought for them by their parents (mine was $1,600?) and the poor kids will rent a cheap instrument from the school or the local music shop. 

No need to buy a cheap instrument off Amazon, it's a complete waste of money. You can buy your kid the same amount of pointless frustration with crazy glue and a quarter. 
$C: Speak for yourself. High school bands and youth ensembles, at least the ones I know and am part of, have plenty of fantastic musicians.
$C: It can be really hard and frustrating trying to learn on a sub-par instrument.
$C: Yep! VSOs / violin shaped objects are a common term for those in the violin world. 
$C: Im just wondering what he's going to in choir into next
$C: I get it. Communism can never happen because it's so perfect that it crumbles when faced with reality. So let's just leave it in our imaginations where it can never be tested
$C: I dont know what els I can do because I cant really afford to just quit . But you got that right a 99cent distribution center. The company its self is depressing.. 7 cent yearly raises.. 80% of my depression is my job. I have a 100% clean background and a HSD so I am not sure why I get no calls from other Jobs I've applied to. 
$C: Thanks il check it out later when I can turn my sound on.  
$C: So most people when they want to play twinkle twinkle Little star, they play the keys a few times and then know it's CC GG AA.  I try to play it and I'll be like "uuuhh...  DC DC BB?" or something like that.  


As for perfect 7s, I just physically can't detect them.  I can probably tell you if one note is higher or lower than another one if you do it a few times, but I can't tell you "yeah, that's another B" if you play one B and then the next or previous B.


$C: Interesting. I'll look into it. Thanks!
$C: What do you suggest for a password manager? I just quickly took a look at dashlane... not sure if I want to pay $3.33 per month...
$C: Lol Reddit can be pretty unforgiving. The stuff I see that gets downvoted sometimes is absolutely absurd. And yeah it was definitely quite interesting. I had heard if google ads before but I didn’t really know what exactly it meant. So I didn’t realize that’s his adds worked. I can totally see how a lack of anonymity would be a problem. Redditors tend to take anonymity quite seriously.
$C: Nice edit, and of course you go with the "you mad bro" way out of this. 

Have a good night.
$C: You know, just as a cymbal of your appreciation
$C: Hah I went to that museum in January. It certainly was odd!
$C: I always walk by there and think about stopping in but never do
$C: Julia married a rich guy 2 months ago. She's now living in Beverly Hills. Such a pretty woman. 
$C: Zip yo lid! 😡
$C: I'll pitch in $5 AMERICAN dollary-doo's
$C: $10 AUD right here!

I'll forget though so,

RemindMe! 2 days pay the trumpet man 
$C: I guess we’ll have to build a time machine for you.
$C: Really? In 2000, you could buy 6 pilsners for 5.99 at the border shop near the german border. We had 2000 czech crowns left when we entered...
$C: So it’s $1,206 new but 30% off at $844.20 or $810 used. We need an additional $779.20 for the new one or $745 for the used one.
$C: I checked, it's still correct as well as having at least one more location 
$C: Sweeeet!
$C: **update!**

I just got off the phone with their office. I didn't get to speak to Jim but another person there because she said he's been tied up on the phones since opening.

She confirmed the Miami store is a different store.

She also said they saw the OP and would prefer in lieu of monetary donations that people please consider turning their efforts to assisting their local high school band departments so that other kids who are less disadvantaged could be able to play instruments, as well.

I also apologized for overloading their bandwidth but noted we tend to be a good bunch and didn't intentionally mean to do that.

We ended with her saying the store appreciates us for trying to be of help.
$C: Florida Man is a man of many tastes, some of which are face.
$C: So did Britney
$C: say "xyzzy"
$C: Baby, all I need is... bath salts?
$C: Let’s get a link! Please 
$C: Hey, man, be the change you wanna see. 😃
$C: HI FREMD

please show me your cats?
$C: By the end of reading this comment thread I was reading in an Australian accent. I'm from Central Florida (Orlando/Disney area) where Casselberry is located. Hello, hello down underer!
$C: “But you said one more time!”

“THAT WAS IF WE GOT IT RIGHT! PERCUSSION DIDN’T SOUND LIKE TOTAL SHOES IN A DRYER THAT TIME, BUT WHAT THE HELL WAS THAT BARITONES?! ARE YOU EVEN LOOKING AT THIS FORM YOU’RE MAKING? IT’S SUPPOSED TO BE A LINE!

GO BACK, DO IT AGAIN!”

*turns up Dr Beat as loud as it will go while yelling incoherently something to the tubas, which elicits a rumble of grunts and fat-man-wheezing*
$C: "Yes, one more time. I said nothing about this one being the last one."
$C: My sophomore year of HS, my band director turned in his notice shortly into the school year, so all year we knew he wasn’t coming back. We were rehearsing for our Christmas Concert, and percussion section (who had literally nothing to do on the piece we were rehearsing) was doing what percussion sections do—goof off and talk. Then my director came unglued...

“SHUT! THE FUCK! UP!”

*entire band’s jaws collectively drop*

“THAT’S RIGHT I SAID FUCK! WHAT’RE THEY GONNA DO, FIRE ME? I ALREADY FUCKING QUIT!”

*continue very awkward rehearsal*
$C: Many/most band directors are like this.
$C: “If you can’t count it, you can’t play it.”
$C: “DUT DUT DUT DUT!” It’s a way to get people to internalize the pulse/tempo, and help them stay in time. They keep count by going “DUT” every time the metronome clicks.

You OBVIOUSLY never went to a drum line party... Drummers get more ass than a toilet seat.
$C: Hahaha apparently you were never in band. The band bus was like a giant hours long orgy. Band is fucking weird, but definitely getting plenty.
$C: Oh but sometimes you can have sex IN band. Like when your director tells you (the 2 first clarinets) to go into the other room, away from everyone else, and "work on your tongueing and fingering". I mean really, what did he think was going to happen?? 
$C: Does it make a beautiful duck fart sound when you do so? 
$C: Any time we fucked up during marching season it was 25 crunches or push ups and minimum one lap after practice or before the next one. 
$C: You have to temper your expectations, for sure. You're also ideally with a band of like minded people who have your back when you also finally lose your sh*t.

Then you get to visit people and places you'd never otherwise. People love music and want to help you keep it going.

Also, take breaks. Go to the petting zoo.
$C: I've toured with friends in the past --- usually only a few weeks at a time. I didn't do anything besides hanging out, and I was drained by the end of it. I can't imagine having to play every night or so. 
$C: It's only good when you think back about it.
$C: mewithoutYou -- a sweet band from Philly. 
$C: I definitely don't think of collaborative art when I think of a professional.
$C: Hey mister, I think you have someone else to do some apologizing to now! ;)
$C: Nice.
$C: since she's up, they get to have fun; the "abort abort!" comes in a couple weeks.
$C: +1 for arma karma 
$C: The karma train rolls on
$C: It's okay I don't get yours either
$C: Did I say it was?  I was pointing out that the date of the letter means fuck all about the age of the instrument. 
$C: You must not have heard kids play trumpets on iPads now 
$C: The person I replied to said the letter was from 2009 implying the trumpet wasn't "decades old". I was just pointing out that the instrument is likely much older than the letter. 
$C: Idk. As I was watching it I was imagining myself as the trumpet player and my very first thought was “The second this guy touches me, it’s on” so maybe he did t actually hit him because he knew that if he did, the other guy can start swinging in defense. Nobody likes an ass whoopin’!
$C: You can tell by how terrible he is.
$C: I believe in a torso for a torso. Or was it an eye?
$C: I agree with this sentiment, but the dude in the video might be a little *too* proud.

Although, they suspiciously didn’t record the trumpeter actually playing very much—maybe his music really is so offensively awful that any one of us would lose control and scream obscenities at him.
$C: Man that transcript would make for a good monologue in a play
$C: That's some real shit, I'll tell you what. 
$C: Come to Australia, most people are friendly and happy and treat tourists fairly well, it's part of the appeal, right before the wildlife kills you.
$C: Jew here

Gonna play Devil's advocate and say that maybe, just maybe, this dude is just a dick, and it has nothing to do with a Jewish superiority complex. I don't know any Jew who honestly believes that they're better than anyone because they're Jewish (I know both Jews and Gentiles who think that they're hot shit.) Many New Yorkers are brazen like this, but to say that he's a jerk because he, and all other Jews, think that they're the ubermensch is silly.
$C: I think its more based on individual upbringing rather than intentional indoctrination. And this behavior is definitely not monopolized by jews. Im jewish, i have plenty of friends that are jewish and none of us act like this. Most jews in fact dont. But you got a VERY loud minority that do.
I think they have an attitude like "i work very very hard, i EARN every cent that i make and everybody around me better respect that".... Its toxic because its irrelevant and instigates judgment on everyone they encounter, but inevitably, that world view rubs off on their kids
$C: I did discover a couple of towns in the US that had a high Jewish population and there were signs asking people to obey Jewish rules when visiting, they were stricter than Israel.
$C: I knew someone who had a very similar plastic trombone. It still definitely sounded like it was made of plastic. It also has a kind of...muffled? sound. Not bad as a novelty thing but a normal instrument will still sound leagues better.
$C: I still have my Yamaha Heavywall I bought in the 90s while I was in the Air Force Band. It cost around $960, certainly not the cost of a custom horn but not cheap, either. 

It's also the player that largely determines the sound that comes out of the bell.

I remember trying out a horn at one of the MENC conventions in NYC in the 90s. I was blowing a few high notes (I was a lead player at the time) and was soon surrounded by other younger trumpet players who wanted to know things like, "What mouthpiece do you use," what leadpipe are you using?," what bore?"

I just looked at them and said something like, "Well, I usually use a Schilke a4 a, but as for that other stuff, I have no idea. I just practice a lot." They looked at me dumbfounded. Everybody wants that magic shortcut :D

Sorry to ramble on so, but this thread triggered some great memories for me. I really miss performing.
$C: Yeah cause everyone who gets good at trumpet can afford a Bach 180S37 Stradivarius Series Bb Trumpet
$C: I’ve played the flute for years and I can attest for the difference between a student model and a decent flute. I kept the cheap one for stuff like pep band in high school (at least until I got a composite one) and maaaaan outside of that context you couldn’t pay me to play it. It just sounded so dull and lackluster compared to my Lamberson and even that was far from being a $20k flute
$C: I get sad thinking that someone may have sold their siblings instrument for drugs.
$C: Just make sure to read the reviews. Most of them at that price point are written by parents who don't know anything about instruments and didn't want to pay much to get their kid their first instrument, so anything that has lots of great reviews is going to play sounds. Probably never be able to tune it properly but it will make sounds that for the most part ascend and decend in pitch.

Anything that has mediocre reviews is pretty much going to fall apart when you take it out of the box.

Source: knew people who bought cheap amazon instruments. You're more likely to get a good deal on a functional used instrument from eBay, doubly true with a brass instrument since you don't have to replace pads as soon as you get it.
$C: >Most people on this site wouldn't blink an eye at spending more that on a video game so. I guess it's relative.  Looks like the going price for a student one is about $150 of course you can spend more or less.

Where the fuck do you get the idea that most folks on Reddit drop one and a half Benjamins on games like it's nothin'?
$C: Ooooh look at mr money bags over here who can buy trumpets!
$C: Any brass instrument under $500 is probably trash. Buying something below $200 will likely keep your student from going very far, because the instrument will not be able to keep up with them beyond a year or two of playing. At that point, it's literally holding them back from day one.

Students in financial straits who are just getting into it should use pTrumpets. Cheap, difficult to break, and honestly better than any Walmart trumpet I've ever heard. Or rent a horn from the nearest music store.
$C: You should buy a trumpet and donate it on this guy's behalf.  
$C: He’s not obligated to buy a trumpet for anyone but himself though
$C: Totally agree. Ruffin should pay it forward and donate a trumpet to a child. 
$C: I don't think he is. Paying it forward isn't necessarily giving the trumpet away. Haven't you seen _Pay It Forward_? No one pays it forward in the exact way that they receive help.
$C: Everyone is missing the point, it's his trumpet and he can do what he wants with it and your thoughts on it don't matter.
$C: I don’t know wtf is wrong with all these other commenters saying ITS MY FREE TRUMPET you’re totally right and a decent human would actually repay the favor that was done to him many years ago. Most people would repay it many times over. 
$C: Not sure, but this comment made me snicker so loudly I scared my dog. 
$C: He’s not wrong 
$C: Yeah I actually agree with him the dude is being a major douche. 
$C: I didn't so I looked it up. You can buy them on amazon.  The low end seems to be around $90 usd, up to about $200.  I'm sure some are far more expensive, but that's just my very preliminary search.
$C: Yes, I played it in school. Again when you have something done for you, you do "what you can" for others to pay it forward. If someone buys me a car (I'm lower class) it doesn't mean I have to buy a car for someone. It means I just need to do my best to help others whichever way I can. 
$C: You’re retarded
$C: But we’re still laughing 
$C: Nice try.
$C: Lmao at still trying to take the high ground after sounding like such a tool.  You're the reason people hate Christians, and you're a terrible representation of the values you "claim" to have.

I don't remember the part of the Bible where Jesus told you to go act like a pretentious dickhead to anyone while throwing religion in their face like it was only a tool to win arguments and nothing else, hahah.  I can't imagine being so unable to convince myself I'm a good person that I had to rely solely on being a different religion than others to try and convince myself that I was.
$C: I did know that. But how do they do it? Do they really have so much money they can afford to buy brand new instruments every year?
$C: [deleted]
$C: I’m sorry. I’m just a skeptic. When I hear outlandish, vague claims, I start to doubt. 

https://psmag.com/education/debunking-the-myth-of-the-miraculous-stradivarius
$C: Yeah let’s just continue to let the pay gap widen until the lower middle class are dying of starvation and then we can talk. 
$C: I suppose it is your CV. Take a critical look at it. What can you offer that others can't?

Advertise yourself. Don't be modest.
$C: Most if the time when you play by ear you pick around until you find the right notes.  Getting to a point where you rarely have to peck around to find the right note takes a lot of time. 
$C: Best free tier option is lastpass (owned by LogMeIn). Best paid option is probably DashLane or OnePassword.

KeePass can work for cloud if you don't need website access and use something like dropbox to store the file.
$C: I already said all I needed to say, and felt like commenting on your clearly unhinged and hysterical attitude. What am I getting out of?
$C: this is why we reddit
$C: You wanna see odd, check out the KGB museum. That place is a trip. 
$C: Ill be happy to contribute 40 schmeckles and $10 AUD. 
$C: Sooner or later we all have to remember to pay the trumpet man 
$C: Fine. Who wanna pitch in for a time machine so I can pitch in for the trumpet then ?
$C: Yeah, that's almost 20 years ago. :)
$C: I would reply this to the top comment so it is more visible.
$C: Awesome advice. And a good reminder to not overload a small business with the well meaning power of the internet.


$C: Face... offfff
$C: This may be the single funniest comment I've read on Reddit
$C: ...Fane?
$C: Carrrrrlllllllllll!!!
$C: It's those bath salts
$C: Straight into the crazy
$C: All the boys and girls are begging If U seek Amy.
$C: Laurel
$C: You babe. I got you babe, by mistake
$C: It would likely cost millions 😬
$C: [here you go](https://i.imgur.com/my9dYYT.jpg)

18 year old Velcro up front, Eldklot out the back. 
$C: HU
$C: I can see UCF from my house,hi neighbor :p
$C: Please stop giving me flashbacks

I've never admitted this before but it was me

I was the baritone who kept playing the Bb instead of the B
$C: Can confirm.
Source: was lead tip in drum corps as a teenager.
The quints need to get their shit together.
The baritone player was shit.
$C: >turns up Dr Beat as loud as it will go while yelling incoherently

Dr. Beat never went to medical school so there was no way in hell I was gonna listen to him. 

But also.. it was a pretty cool metronome. 
$C: I am literally cry laughing over this. It is exactly what we heard at marching band! 
$C: As someone who teaches band kids, this is who I aspire to be. 
$C: Ok this is the most accurate thing I have ever read...
$C: Ah, a common misconception among non-drummers.
$C: I don’t buzz when I’m shooting for distance. Shorter shots I can buzz while I shoot. Sometimes when I get caught without ammo, I can sneak up behind them and scare the shit out of them.
$C: > go to a petting zoo

Is that a euphemism?
$C: Great band
$C: Awesome. I have never heard of them. Maybe I'll give them a spin today.
$C: Sounds like you've misunderstood what I meant.

Music is generally collaborative. Theatre is collaborative.

That is in contrast to, for example, painting, which tends to be a solitary art.

$C: Damn, just can't win.
$C: I’m not feeling so good Mr. Womb
$C: (Surname three times)
$C: This is bugging me for some reason... you know I do get the reference and was trying to go meta, right?
$C: He all outta torsos, this fugger best be choosin the eye one 
$C: It wouldnt matter how bad his trumpet playing is, it couldn't be half as disturbing as the little fella's tirade. I'll bet he's fun to live/work with.
$C: Not sure there is a level of trumpet so bad that I'd want to die on that hill berating him.
$C: [deleted]
$C: To be fair, when your goal is to play in an orchestra or something like that, you have to do whatever you can to get to that perfect sound. When I was in high school and we were doing All State band, everybody in the band had been putting in work, but still every trumpet player in the entire band knew that only one kid had any chance at all at playing trumpet for a living. 

That kid would have sounded better than us on a 100 dollar horn he found in the trash, but if you compare him to the guys he would have to compete with, I bet he was glad he shelled out for all the custom bits.

For 90 percent of Trumpet players, that shits not gonna matter, and for the 10 percent that it does, probably only 1 percent is gonna be "worth it" but then again, that pretty much goes for all of the music scene. 

Also no need to apologize for the shit you're passionate about (unless it's weird shit but not in this case)
$C: That’s why you save up. I’ve been playing on an intermediate for as long as I can remember, and I’m currently saving up for a really nice Bach. It takes time, but if you really want to have a professional horn then you gotta do the work to get it. 
$C: Nope. That's why I included "a Xeno" and "or something" right there next to it
$C: Do not look at my WoW transaction history. It would buy you a much nicer trumpet than that...

But that's over a long period of time and not that typical, maybe they meant a system? Or like the people who buy loot crates/card packs/Candy crush lives or whatever.
$C: Easy killer, what does a PS4 cost? Who would buy a fuckking trumpet a month. I think it's fair to say a large portion or redditors own something they play games on that costs more than $150.
$C: Laaa dee daaaa. Invest now man, trumpets are only going up up up!!!
$C: "You got any trumpets?"

"Yeah right over there. You play?"

"Nah gonna donate it to some kid I've never heard of because the internet said to"
$C: Mr. Jones was not obligated to forego the remaining payments on this trumpet either.

I'm in the pay it forward camp.

Now if only reddit karma could buy trumpets we could all just get along (until this place and the economy was in ruins).
$C: No he isn't, but the reason he has the one he does is due to a kindness towards his mother. He's not obliged to buy one for someone who may need it. But it would be a nice thing to do for someone in the same position his mother was when he was a kid. 
$C: No one is saying he's *obligated.*  it's a nice gesture to get a trumpet (he can keep the old one) to commemorate the nice gesture from his past...


 

 

$C: Just got to love when people are forcing a "good deed" on others for the sake of doing one as opposed to what the initial reasoning for the good deed was. In this case it was to play the trumpet as long as he uses it and for some reason people are having an issue with that, lol.
$C: He got his karma for that letter. Trumpet belongs to Reddit now. He's obligated to either guide up his trumpet or return the karma.

What is it your first day on the internet or something? 

;)
$C: I agree he should take the lesson and pay it forward (hopefully many times over), but I don't think it necessarily needs to take the form of the trumpet.  It probably doesn't make sense for him to buy a new trumpet OR have no trumpet with his level of involvement, and this particular trumpet has memories attached to it, for him, too.  Maybe he can help another kid some other way.
$C: Lol me too.

And picturing the first guy all dressed up to the nines at some fancy embassy banquet in a foreign land telling some oil prince or august European royalty to go eat dick. 
$C: Still, not everyone has $90-$200 to spend just because they had their mother buy something for them more than a decade back.
$C: You're the one that wants my shit, come and get it you fucking toilet.
$C: you sound lonely.
$C: It is a bit different for every corps, but usually the corps are getting quite a markdown on the price as a sponsorship, so when they sell them theyre breaking even or making a profit. 
$C: Typing on a phone, but i will say you’re a turd.
$C: I was never good at this. I have been amazing at sales when I did it but I've not been able to sell my self. I will look over my resume this weekend because I have not put to much time other than very minimal basics..
$C: But I feel like most people who had any exposure to playing music as kids and didn't touch it until, say, their 20's can usually peck around to find the first four notes of the song.  I personally can't do that.  Maybe it's possible to learn it, and I have been making an attempt (I can read the most basic of piano sheet music), but still haven't been able to.
$C: What about a program instead of a cloud based deal? As in, how does that work between different computers? I think you mentioned installing some software on your phone...... but what if you lose your phone? (just checked lastpass and don't see a free option only $2/month)
$C: As I said, have a good night. 
$C: From 🎺 to KGB and sex museums. Reddit is weird.
$C: will do.
$C: Yes John Travolta, we remember that movie. You don’t need an alt account to remind us every time 🙄
$C: Sorry, no, it's definitely blue. 
$C: Okay...that's a very fair point lol
$C: I just wanted to say Hi I'm from Los Angeles! I've seen some cats here! 
$C: I'm not even a band leader and I could feel the ***FUUUUUUUCK***.
$C: Yup! In the space of the minute it took me to read this I am right back to high school listening to Dr. Beat in 105 degree Texas heat. 
$C: You-you-

I've been there too...
$C: So you understand the awesomeness of [THIS](https://youtu.be/4eyC0B7znaU) 
$C: Dr Beat is the end-all-be-all of metronomes. It can click out any beat pattern, AND you can plug it right into the Long Ranger so the students have to hear that high pitched sonic nail the whole time they’re getting yelled at.
$C: Misconception my ass, unless you can count your part, you’re waiting for other people that can count it to show you how it goes so you can parrot it back. You’re entirely dependent upon someone else showing you how to play your part!

Signed, 
A band director with a master’s degree in performance, and who spent 8 yrs marching bottom bass drum
$C: It certainly could be. In this case it could represent whatever activity it is that chills you out.

Out this way it's a literal petting zoo, however.
$C: Their style has changed a lot over the years. Check out a few tracks from each album on the ol' youtube. The lead singer is one hell of of a writer. 
$C: Username checks out.
$C: He grits his teeth and holds it in all day at work, then finally lets it out during the walk home by berating street performers.  Those poor buskers might be keeping that guy from blowing his brains out.
$C: I’ve never experienced it myself, but I don’t think that I’ve listened to enough trumpeting to confidently rule out the possibility.
$C: With purchase of another Palestine of equal or greater value
$C: Edgy
$C: Not everyone can save up that amount of money. If his mother was poor enough to struggle paying for it, then he probably also doesn't have the kind of income to let him save up enough for a mid-quality trumpet. 
$C: This is reddit.  They'd rather spend 3k on a new PC than on a Trumpet. :P
$C: Most gamers are not whales, which is what you're describing with microtransactions.

The number of people willing to spend hundreds on loot boxes or whatever is generally quite small, but those that do invest a *lot*.
$C: Sure systems cost money, Spanky. But that doesn't mean people generally *don't blink an eye*.
$C: Not sure if you are a brass instrument investor or spend to much time in /r/memeeconomy or listens to beatles. If you are all three then I love you.
$C: Your tone seems very pointed right now


EDIT: original commenter called me an idiot :^)
$C: Yea fine do whatever, just do something for real life karma instead of internet karma 
$C: I never actually made that argument.  I was just responding directly to your question, even though it was probably rhetorical.
$C: Look around some threads and subreddits to help you make your resume.
$C: Lastpass premium is $2 a month. You can get most of the features for free. Just click the "Get Lastpass Free" button on their website.

Keepass stores all your passwords on a file on your hard drive or local device storage. Dropbox, Google Drive, or Onedrive can sync files between multiple computers. So basically just download the google drive app to sync the password file and then you can install keepass on whatever device you're using.

If you lose your device it's still stored on a server in the cloud so you have a backup and won't lose your passwords.
$C: Is that the one where him and Nic Cage are rival hockey coaches?
$C: And man, they don’t fuck around in Texas... Band directing is serious shit down there. In some of those schools, it’s all as competitive and cutthroat as football. You didn’t bring home straight Division I ratings in marching and concert band, you were fired.

We didn’t have it quite as bad in Arkansas, but we dealt with 100° heat, 80% humidity, and rice fields (and a mosquito population to match) all around when we got full band together in mid-July. 
$C: > You’re entirely dependent upon someone else showing you how to play your part!

Fuck that, we play others follow. Conductor can of course offer suggestions, and we'll graciously take that into consideration.
$C: In what field is the lead singer's Master's? I'm sure I could look it up online but I like hearing fans talk about their favorite bands.
$C: We found the Jewish guy.
$C: How is that edgy? 
$C: Can I watch porn on a Trumpet?
$C: If they literally just meant a game initial cost it's a bit exaggerated, but $150 isn't that crazy when you broaden it a bit without even getting into crazy microtransactions. Buy a racing game/legit simulator and $150 won't get you even a mid range steering wheel let alone all the other crazy things my friend spent more money than he did on his actual car on. A year of any MMO that charges monthly plus initial cost is easily that. A big title with a couple expansions. I knew kids that owned 2 Gameboys and 2 copies of Pokemon to trade between them.
$C: Depends on how you look at it buttercup. To me if you consider it a must have and buy one the moment you can you're not blinking an eye princess. You decided you need it, you're getting it end of story Sally.
$C: I can't totally remember -- but I think its in urban education... whatever that means. :) 

edit: here's an article that talks about it [[link](http://www.phoenixnewtimes.com/music/aaron-weiss-of-mewithoutyou-on-academia-band-conflict-and-paramore-6613580)]
$C: Buy a Jordan, get a Palestine of equal or lesser value free.
$C: You can put your dick in it
$C: You wouldn't download a Trumpet....

$C: >If they literally just meant a game initial cost it's a bit exaggerated, but $150 isn't that crazy when you broaden it a bit without even getting into crazy microtransactions.

...Yes it is. Especially when you're suggesting everyone just does it out of hand.

>Buy a racing game/legit simulator and $150 won't get you even a mid range steering wheel let alone all the other crazy things my friend spent more money than he did on his actual car on.

Only the most die-hard sim players are setting up cockpits, and that's in an already extremely niche gaming genre.

>A year of any MMO that charges monthly plus initial cost is easily that.

Most MMOs do not charge monthly. The overwhelming majority now are F2P. That aside, it's not an instance of someone *thinking nothing of it.* it's typically worked into the budget.

>A big title with a couple expansions.

This is your best example, but even then you're not just dropping $150 out of nowhere *like it's nothing.*

>I knew kids that owned 2 Gameboys and 2 copies of Pokemon to trade between them.

I'm betting *most* of the kids you knew didn't have that set-up.
$C: If you decide you need it, Peaches, you obviously put some sort of thought into it, Sparkles.

That's kind of what we refer to as *blinking an eye*, Karen.
$C: In the mouthpiece part or the horn part?
$C: Depends on your dick.
